Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first heard that a movie about a young boy who gets lost in the woods, only to find a little girl, who is in a wheelchair, was going to be released in May, I didn't want to waste my time watching it. And I didn;t. The film was made in 1994 and it's based on a novel of the same name written by William Steig and published in 1971. As far as I can tell, the only people who were interested in the movie were the cast of the movie and the people involved with it. The people involved didn't have much to say about it, and the cast seemed to be enjoying it as much as the fans. This movie was made for the love of the story. It's one of those films that I just can't stop watching. The story of the boy who wants to find his lost dog, and his father who wants him to go away, is so compelling that I could watch it for hours. And, I guess it's not like I'm the only one who likes the story, either. The author of the novel, William Steigl, was apparently inspired to write the story when his dog went missing and he couldn't find it again.  Posted by Chris at 2:52 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fun little slice of life.  There is a bit of everything to keep you entertained.    If you enjoy watching a good old fashioned comedy with a bit more of a romance, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen the movie in years but I had to watch it because of the trailer. I'm glad to say that I liked the movie.   As for the acting, it wasn't great. There were a few good moments, especially when the kids are trying to get the truck out of the ditch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a pretty good thriller and while there's some good performances, the most memorable performances come from the two leads. Both of these actors do a great job with their roles. The only problem I had with the film is that the ending is not entirely satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie very much. It had a good plot, a nice acting style, a good story line, and a great cast. The music is also very good.   This movie is a good one for all age groups. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good horror movie with lots of blood, gore, and gorey sex.   The story is simple. A group of teenagers who are high school students have to drive a school bus through the streets at night in order to save their school from being vandalized by the local mafia.  A great deal of gore and sex are included.  This was one of the better slasher movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a movie about a family of the early 1900s, it is a little slow in its tempo, but a very good movie nonetheless. There is a lot of fun to be had, as well as a very satisfying conclusion.   This is a great movie for family movie night, and definitely worth watching with the family. It is not a long movie, and it does get a bit boring at the end, but it is still a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's worth mentioning that the cast did an excellent job of conveying the humor of the situation.  It is, of course, quite obvious that this was a prank.    It was not done in an intentionally "bad" way.  But this is a comedy so it isn't very funny at all.      This movie is a good laugh, although I don't think it would have been funny to watch a whole lot of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to get an idea of what a film is about without knowing who is in it.   In short, this is a story about a group of kids who are doing their homework, and one of them has a very, very bad day.  It's the middle of the day, so it's a rather sunny day, but it's also the end of summer and it's raining.  They're in a car accident, and the other one is seriously injured.  This is a rather slow, long movie, but there's something about it that I find really appealing.  The dialogue is not particularly profound, but the scenes are actually quite touching.  As a result, it's rather hard to believe this is the work of a 13 year old.  That being said, it does seem to be one of those films that you can't help but love.  I know, I know; it's not very subtle at all.  What is so appealing is that it's such a simple story, and yet it's so well-acted, written and directed that it seems like it could be very well done in any grade of film school.  If you're looking for a film that's quite a bit of fun, then it's probably worth a look.  Recommended.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw the film twice in one weekend. I watched it the first time as a movie that was supposed to be about the war. Then I watched again as a film about an older man who is in a lot of pain. I think that it is about his life and how he has dealt with it. The film is a good film about a war and a man that is still dealing with it even though he is retired. I am glad that I watched this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was a good flick.  The actors played their parts perfectly, the music was good, and the story had a bit of a happy ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am in love with the movie.   And I am sure everyone else is, too.  A nice, witty, well-written story about a couple of idiots who can't think of anything else than to have sex all the time.  You have to be very careful what you wish for.  I love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good, but not great movie. The movie had the feel of an early 90s action movie, but the actual action scenes were quite weak. The one thing that kept me watching was the lead actress, Laura Linney. The fact that she was able to keep her voice and look in a movie this short was impressive. I had high expectations for this movie and they were not met.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie. It's just so much fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen a bad one in a long time, and I've seen a lot of bad ones. I have seen a bunch of good ones, and the best one I saw this weekend was probably the most fun I've had since I was a kid.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite movies is The Shawshank Redemption. I have a huge crush on Andy Dufresne. I love his sadistic smile, his voice, and his sad story.   This is a fun and interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been waiting to see this movie for a very long time. It's got an interesting story, and the characters are very well-rounded. The movie is very well acted, and even the director knows how to have a good time with his scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good action movie and a very good movie overall.  The fight scenes are great.  I am not a big fan of martial arts movies, but I like the way the movie goes about in a very fast paced manner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had the pleasure of seeing this on a recent vacation.  There is a little bit of everything, including some of my favorite movies, and it's a great way to end the weekend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a big fan of all sorts of movies, and I can't help but like The Devil's Candy, because it's a fun, light-hearted romp and has a great cast of characters. The only thing I didn't like about the movie is that it has a little bit too much of a love story going on, and it doesn't seem to be doing a lot to bring us closer to the story. The movie is pretty good though, and has some really funny moments that are just good to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of the original, and this is one of the best movies I have seen. It has a great ending that I thought was pretty sweet, and the whole movie is fun to watch. I think the best part of the movie was when a few characters from the movie came back and had a fight with the "bad guys." It was pretty awesome! I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good old fashioned adventure.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was funny, heartwarming, and well-acted.   The best part of the movie is that it's set in the future where the world has gone completely to hell. The humans are completely brainwashed and the robots are just there to clean up the mess.  The plot of the film revolves around a robot called TARS (Terrestrial Autonomous Transport Systems). It's designed to be a "car for people" but the robots in charge don't trust it because it keeps breaking down.  Eventually the robots decide to take TARS out on a test drive and it gets a little out of control and crashes. The robots take Tars to a facility where they clean up a mess. In there they find a robot who's just been shot and it's actually a guy who's been programmed to act like a robot. The director doesn't show us this until the very end.  TARS is sent out to the wasteland, where it has to scavenge food, weapons, and tools.  While there it encounters the robots and learns that they are not the only ones trying to make the planet a better place.  Written by David W.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little apprehensive about this film because I was worried it would be a re-hash of a similar film from the 1950s called  . Well I was wrong! It was really good!   This film is actually a retelling of the original story with new characters. I did not mind at all.   The story was interesting and well told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is great! A well acted movie that gives you the best action in the world.     Fun and exciting!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an American by birth. I am also a huge fan of British TV. I was introduced to the wonderful, but also the sad, world of British television through the BBC's "Doctor Who" and the equally brilliant, but somewhat darker "The Sarah Jane Adventures". This film is very much in the same vein. I have no idea how the BBC managed to make this movie a classic. The plot revolves around a rather large robot named "Gnome" that is used to make a living. His creator, Mr. Jones, is also a rather eccentric and rather strange man. The film is a great example of what can be accomplished with a limited budget. The acting is wonderful, and the story is very well told. I'm sure that this film will be a classic in many people's minds for a long time to come.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie. It's a fun little story about a young boy who washes dishes when he is visited by a demon who tells him he must bring a woman to his house in order to get to heaven. The movie is short, but it's funny and a nice change from the usual fantasy and horror movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a movie with a very good story. It is very much a movie about the power of friendship. It has a very interesting story about a man who is a slave of a boss who wants him to kill the boss' sister. This movie is really funny and is one of the best things I have seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are a few things to be said about this film. First, it is a very good film, no doubt about that. It has a good, fun and interesting plot, a very strong female lead who is very much believable, and a great soundtrack.   The only downside is that it is not a very long film.  If you are in the mood for a little romance, a good story and a lot of fun, this is a must see.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was at a theatre watching the movie and I thought the ending was great. I was watching it with my wife and it was a nice family movie. The acting was very good, and there were not many laughs, and not many tears. But it was still a good family movie and a nice movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with a well done plot and a wonderful plot.  The story is about a man who is a carpenter, but also a mechanic. His wife dies in a car accident. His brother takes over his family business, a car parts shop.  This is a story about the love and friendship between the two brothers, and how they deal with the problems that come up in the car shop. The main story line is about their business and the problems it faces.    The movie is good at keeping the story simple and entertaining.  I would recommend this movie to people who like stories that are simple, and enjoy a good car story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I think about in the morning.  It's got some very good acting, a good script, and good performances by many actors.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was excited about this movie when it came out a few years ago, and then disappointed when it wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be.   What I liked about it was that it was about a man who finds a book that he doesn't recognize. It is an ancient book, the book of life and death, the death of every one. It seems like it could be a real old book.  He has this book and he reads it. He is looking at it in a kind of trance. He doesn't know it is a book of death, but he finds out when it starts to come to life.  It has been growing over time and it seems to be growing stronger.  When he is about to be killed by it, he gets a chance to escape. He sees a car on a street and he starts to get in it. When the car starts, it stops dead. The car is dead.  I thought this was very good, even though I wasn't a big fan of the movie when I first saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't have high expectations for this film when I heard it was going to be released in the US. I'm glad I wasn't disappointed. It's a fun, goofy and silly comedy that's fun to watch. It was made for kids. If you're a kid, you'll love it. If not, it's a good example of how not to make a kid's movie. The only thing I can criticize is that the movie didn't go all the way to the good, it didn't show the whole story. It did include a nice ending, but I wish it would have been a little longer. But that's what I get for watching a comedy, I guess. It does a great job of poking fun at the whole film industry and the whole movie industry's attitude towards making a movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In case you haven't seen the movie, this is a "classic" "babylon" tale.  It's not the first time a "bible" has been translated into the vernacular of a foreign language, but that's no reason to feel bad about it.    It's a good "old fashioned" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is an intriguing mix of horror, mystery, and adventure. There are a few cliches in here and I didn't care about them, but they fit in nicely and make this a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A funny, heartwarming story about the little boy that had the power to create life.   In this film the little guy is played by the wonderful Gene Hackman and the rest of the cast is excellent.  The plot is not so interesting and is not very imaginative but the characters are funny.  If you like Gene Hackmans acting style then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you like a good action movie, this is the one for you. I don't know how else to describe it. It is one of the greatest action movies I have ever seen. The movie is so fast paced, it is impossible to get into the story and enjoy it at the same time. The best part about it is that it is very, very realistic. You get to see how they really fight. There are lots of blood and gore, the only thing that I did not like about the movie is that they didn't show the faces of the guys who are in the movies. That is what really makes it great.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good and you'll love it.   A little funny and a little sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that's been talked about for a while and people will have a great time with this. The movie was made to be a comedy. However, it is far from a comedy and it does contain some funny bits that are enjoyable.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title of this film is "The Great Deception". It's an amazing movie and it's a good lesson for us all: if you lie to me, I will call the police. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film begins with a man in a cage.  He's talking to a woman, but we don't know who they are.  She tells him the story of a man who was a man and a woman who was another woman.  They were so very different, she says.   They had such a strong bond and they were happy together.    That's what made the difference between the two.  The woman in the story was a witch.  We're left wondering how the woman who fell in love with him was able to become a witch after she had been a man.  Perhaps she was able because he was a "good" man, who made her feel secure.  In the end, he became a "bad" man. She has been able to change him back.  But he doesn't know it yet.  There's a lot of mystery and it's difficult to figure out what is going to happen next.  It's difficult, too, to make the audience care about the characters in this film.  I'm not sure I could do it.  This is an interesting film. There's not much going on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story, while not really original, is quite interesting and, to me, makes it seem like it was filmed during the first half of the last century.   A couple of good actors, and a story that could have been very good, had it not been for some very stupid dialogue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It had all the ingredients needed to make a great movie. Great acting, great music, great action, great gore, and a great twist. I thought the ending was awesome, especially considering the fact that this movie started with a bang. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie!   As good as it gets.   I like this movie, the cast is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sure the movie is very good, but it's very long. It's a story about a young woman who falls in love with a man who has never been seen in public before. The young woman takes the man to his home and he tells her a story of a man that he had seen who could not move at all, but could move his eyes. The woman then goes into the basement and comes back out with a mirror and she says that she is going to move her eyes to the man and that the man will be able to see her.   The movie is just about that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure if I was expecting too much from a movie like this, but this was an entertaining watch. The movie starts off with a young man on a train trying to make some money, but he runs into trouble when he gets a ticket and an unknown man tries to rob him. But then a girl appears and she's a pretty good actress, but then she gets a bad case of amnesia, so the movie keeps going in a very funny and interesting way. This movie is a must watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with some good moments. It's a little short, but the good moments outweigh the bad.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is an interesting look at the life of a modern day Jack the Ripper. It is one of the more original movies ever made, and one of my favorites. The movie begins with a young man named Harry, who has just been released from a long sentence of hard labor in prison. Harry lives in a poor section of London, and is a very poor man. One day he is walking along the street, and encounters a woman named Mary. He has a brief sexual encounter with her, but she is soon found dead. Her throat has been slit. Harry immediately suspects Mary, and quickly runs off. He meets a local gang leader named Joe and is asked to help them out. It quickly becomes apparent that Mary was not killed by Jack, but by a rival gang. The gang leader, Joe, wants Harry dead for a simple reason; Harry had killed the wife of one of Joe's rivals.   He quickly learns that Harry was a member of a local "gang" called "The Hollows". The Hollows are known for their brutality, and the killing of women. Harry soon finds himself caught up in the murder of several women in the area. One of them, Mary, was killed by Harry. Harry's murder spree is soon stopped by a man named Bill, who runs a detective agency. It soon becomes apparent, however, that Bill and Harry are actually the same person, but the names are not really Harry and Bill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of people have asked me to review the new movie  The Crow  which comes out this week on the 16th.   It is an adaptation of a story by the Brothers Grimm.  A witch tries to kill the Crow and then the Crow kills the witch.  It's really quite a funny movie.  I love it and so do many of my fellow Crow fans.  You can't make a bad movie in a bad film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very well done movie. The acting is excellent, the story is interesting and the humor is well done. The one thing I don't like is the ending, it's very unsatisfactory.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie. I didn't see the first one, but now I do. It's not like the second one either, I think it's even better than the first. It makes the first a little bit better, and makes the second a lot better, in fact I'd say that it's probably the best of the series. There are some great action scenes, lots of comedy, a few laughs, and lots of tension. It even has a nice twist at the end! I really liked it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad I watched this!  The writing is good, the acting is good.  It's a good old fashioned Western.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a good thriller with a strong cast and a great plot. The film is set in the 1930's. In this period the Nazis have gained control of all the main roads in the country and are beginning to turn all the Jewish farmers into slaves. After the Jews had been taken as slaves, the Nazi leaders came to the Jewish villages and forced the Jews to work for them. The Germans are very cruel and evil, and the Jews are treated very badly.   But they do not have to live like slaves. They have friends in the towns and they fight back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie and it is very funny and I enjoyed it. I hope it is as funny next time around.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie, but there are some major flaws:  1. The ending is predictable.  2. The plot holes are massive.  3. I would love to see the sequel, but we won't get it.  4. I loved the movie, because it is a unique and entertaining story about a young boy and his best friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking for a new adventure to watch and I saw it in the theater the other day and had a blast.  The movie is funny and good for a change from the usual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a very interesting film. There is a lot of action. There are many explosions, and they do get a little too loud for my taste. But the story is really interesting. There were a lot things that were a little unbelievable, and it was quite interesting to see what would happen next. There was a lot about the military that I didn't like. I found it kind of silly to have a military who were supposed to be a peace loving organization and then they start shooting at a plane full of children who are just flying back from the beach and they were about to be shot down. And the guy was supposed to have been shot in the back by the other guy, but he wasn't, and the guy in the suit that was supposed be shot was actually shot in his shoulder. And then the military goes to the island, and is there with a lot more troops, but there is a big fight with the islanders and the military comes in with guns and everything and the guys don't want to leave because they are all wearing suits and all of them are shot. And I thought that was kind of stupid and stupid and I didn´t like it at all. And this guy has a gun and it looks like a machine gun. And he was supposed really to be in the hospital but he didn't get there, so I don't know what happened to him. The movie had a lot to do with the U.S. military and the Japanese and the way that they worked together. I really liked that part. The way the Japanese were treated, and I am not sure how much I liked them, but the way the American military worked with the Japanese was interesting. It was just a very complicated movie, but it had a very nice ending.   The film has been praised by critics for being a good film.   The movie has also been nominated for the best foreign film at the 70th Academy Awards.  .
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good old-fashioned adventure movie.  It's a tale of a man who is kidnapped by a group of strange men and is forced to work as a laborer for them.    The story starts with a woman who is going to marry a man.  He has to steal the bride and save her from the wedding party.  The plot is very simple and the characters are all very good.  But it is a classic movie and should be on every film lover's list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie with good story line, great acting and great songs, you can't go wrong with this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good one.   It is a story of a young woman who, after her husband is killed in a car accident, is told that her daughter's marriage has been dissolved. She goes to her daughter and, to her great shock, is informed that her husband was killed by a drunk driver.  But what makes this movie so great is that the film is told from the point of view of a teenager who has no knowledge of her father's death.  She has been adopted by a couple of rich families in England and the story is told in the form of an autobiographical novel.  The film is based on an original novel by the novelist Barbara Cartland, who wrote the novel in response to her father dying from cancer.  It has a lovely ending.  This is a film that you will love to watch and it will give you goose bumps. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Starfighter" is a decent action movie with a great cast, a great story and a great ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a pretty good film, and that's all you really need to know about it.   What's really interesting is the way it's structured.  It begins with a scene where we are introduced to the lead character. He is a member of a small, secret society who live in a small cabin. He goes to a party at his friend's cabin. The lead character is playing a role of a priest. The party is very well staged. The leads of the parties are very well acted, and the music is very appropriate.  When he gets back to his cabin, he's in a bit of a state.  His friend has gone to the bathroom and he's got the urge to go there.  He has no interest in the party.  So, he decides to have a quick shower and then he goes to the party and the party is just as well staged as the first scene.  As the film progresses, the lead gets more and more interested in the people at the party, and he becomes very, very jealous of them.  What is very interesting is that the film starts to tell a very sad story of jealousy. The film begins with the lead and his friend sitting on the floor in front of a window, talking about how great they are, and how much they love each other.  They are both very, really good-looking.  And they are both extremely good-hearted.  The lead, who has the most to offer, is the most intelligent.  Everyone else in the cabin is very, likeable.  That's what the lead is attracted to about the other characters.  There is a lot of fun and laughter at the parties.  Then, at the very end of the film, the characters all fall in love with each other and have babies.  This is the very, sad end to the film.  But, that's okay, because the film is so well-made.  I liked it. It was fun, it was funny, and it had a lot to say about love and jealousy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The main reason for the film's success is its cast, which includes a young Tom Cruise, a young Sean Penn, and a young Leonardo DiCaprio. And that's the way it should be:  The cast is terrific, especially the young actors who bring so much vitality to the movie, which is a rare thing.  But what really makes this movie so good is the script.  This is the first film in which Cruise, Penn, DiCapo, and DiCaprios are all on screen together, and it's amazing how much they all know and how much fun they are having together.  In fact, they seem to have been best friends since the beginning, and that is reflected in how they all get along so well and laugh together at the same time.  The movie is also pretty much set in the same town they all lived in before their big break in Hollywood.  It's funny that this movie was made in 1981, when it was a big deal to make a film in Italy (as in, there was a lot of money to be made in Italy).  The film was directed by Robert Altman, who also directed such good movies as Altman's Last Exit to Brooklyn and The Player, so it's not like it was made by someone who didn't know how to make movies.   This film is a good reminder that there is still a lot to be said about the old-fashioned movie-making. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My first time watching a movie and I had a great time. I'm a sucker for sci-fi and the story of this movie was very intriguing. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes sci-fis and space movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very enjoyable. The story is simple: a girl falls in love with a man who looks like he was made of rubber, and he makes her his mistress.  The movie is not really about sex, it is more about the characters, and the way they react to life.    The only problem I had was with the movie, the story was a bit too slow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last hour or so of the film is the most exciting, action packed and thrilling I've seen since Iron Man. It also manages to be a bit silly, which is something I really like about the Marvel movies. The climax is incredible, and the movie ends on a really emotional note.  The movie is also a real homage to the '70s Marvel comics, particularly the original Iron Man.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second part of a trilogy of movies that I think is a masterpiece.   In this movie, a group of friends go to a Halloween party to try and forget about a terrible breakup.  The problem is that they are all a bunch of losers.  This movie is based on a true story and I was a little disappointed with the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a scene of a small plane being shot at by a German Luftwaffe plane. The pilot of the plane is killed, the navigator (played by George Sanders) and copilot (played here by Howard Hughes) are captured and sent to a camp in the woods. The camp is run by a guy named Ransom (played in this movie by a very old man) who has a farm and a bunch of slaves. He keeps the slaves in a little shack where they all live. The slaves have very little freedom and are always in fear that the Nazis are coming. The movie ends with Ransom coming to his shack to find that the Germans are coming to take all of the slaves. The ending is very much like the opening scene.  I found it very creepy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself is just a very good movie.   It's an excellent story about a man who goes to a small town in the north to find out the truth about the town and its history.  He discovers that the town has a deep and dark past that is very well told.  The plot is really interesting and very original.  A lot of people are saying this is the best movie of the year so far. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is interesting and the characters are interesting.  And, at the same time, they are real and believable.    It does take a few more than a few minutes for the movie to really get going, but once it does it keeps going.  It is good to see a movie that doesn't try to be the next Rocky.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a true love story about a young couple who fall in love, they are living together and in love with each other. The story is about the young couple and their feelings towards each other, the story is not about the love, the love is about love.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't normally like horror movies, but I found this one pretty scary, though not really scary in the "you are the hero" kind of way.   It is a fairly good and entertaining little flick, and the ending was really good, though I would not have expected that from the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best film I have seen all year!   - November 27, 2005Great!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to get this movie at a local theater during a midnight showing. I've seen other movies like this but this one was the best. It's a funny, action-packed, over-the-top movie that's all about the comedy and the craziness. The movie does have a little bit of romance, but it's really just for the audience to laugh at. It is, of course, set during the Vietnam War and the story is about a soldier who gets captured by the Viet Cong. The Viet Cong has captured him because he is wearing a dress, and he is now in their hands. The soldier doesn't know that they are holding him for a special reason. They are holding the soldier for a very important mission: He has been given a code word: "The white." This code word means that a secret weapon has been built. This secret weapon is a little green alien who is trying to destroy all the other enemies of the Viet Minh. The main character, played by Jack Black, has a good time with this secret weapon. He also has some adventures along the way, but he eventually manages to stop the Viet Nh and their weapons. The whole movie is funny, it's also very over- the-top.   No rating = 6.5   I have not seen the movie, but I do like the trailer a lot:  This movie is not a bad movie by any means, it just doesn't do much for me. It isn't that bad, I'll tell you that. It has its moments. It does a good job at making you laugh. It just has too much going on and not enough time to be funny. It could have been a great movie if it wasn't over-abundant with action, and too much dialogue. I was glad to see a good joke here and there, but the movie was just too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm in love with this movie!"
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a fan of the Twilight Zone series and this is one of my favorite episodes. I was a little disappointed that the character I liked didn't have more to do but it was all about the writing.   This was a fun episode to watch and I loved the way they portrayed the kids as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. I didn't see this one in a theater but I do have a DVD and I watched it on my laptop. I liked the movie. It was interesting to see the characters from different perspectives. It did not feel like a movie. There was no drama or plot. I just like the movie so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great addition to the cult movie canon. The music is excellent, the acting is solid and the storyline is interesting and interesting. The characters are good, and it's fun to watch the characters' faces light up when they're about to have a fun time. I enjoyed it so much, that I'm not sure I could enjoy a good story like that any other time of year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this film is "Sparrow: The Red Bird" and it is not far off from that. The story is quite simple and is very entertaining. It takes place in an American suburb and the main character is named "Sandra", who goes to work as a teacher in a public school. The plot revolves around Sandra and a bird named Sparrow who gets involved in a fight with some of the local boys. They end up being taken to the police station where Sandra is found murdered. This is quite an unusual murder and one that does not seem to have much of a logical reason for happening. The film is very well made, with some really well-drawn characters. It is a simple plot with some pretty good performances. It also shows how difficult it is to get an American film into an English-language film, as the script is very American and is filled with Americanisms. It was released in 1985 and has since been remade.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are a few problems with this movie, mainly one, it is set in the late 50s, so the cars are very modern and not the type of cars you find in the old movies, but that is part of the charm of the movie.   The other problem is, the acting is really good, and the acting in this movie is very good. I love the way he plays his character.  The first half is really bad, and I don't like the movie very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen a few documentaries, and this is one of the best, in my opinion. I found it extremely interesting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was never a huge fan of the '80s, but The Nightmare Before Christmas really was one of the best of the bunch. The story, while slightly campy, is also incredibly well done.   The soundtrack, while not particularly memorable, is still a decent addition to the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen this yet but I have heard it described as one of the greatest horror movies of all time. I can't say I agree with this at all.   First of all, the acting is very poor.  First off, we have a couple of very dull actors who are playing two roles in one.  I find it hard to believe that a director would allow two actors to do the same thing.  Second, the gore is not in the film.  It is really a bad movie.  There are a lot of weird things going on in this movie. And, if you are a horror movie fan, you will be watching the credits over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an underrated movie and I am sure that I am not the only one. It is a classic story that is still relevant today. It has some very unique moments that I still find myself laughing out loud and having fun with. I also found myself very interested in the world the characters live in. I don't think this film could have been made a decade later. It was an amazing time in movies back then and it still is. I give it a 9/10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of people love the film, which is probably why it is so popular.   It has an excellent cast, great dialogue and a great plot, but one thing it doesn't have is a strong moral.  The main character, Michael, is a good guy, and he wants to be a good man.  But he is a psychopath who loves to destroy and he is not a nice person.  A woman (Linda) is trying to help him, but he keeps doing the bad things he does and does them more and more.  What happens to her, and to Michael, as the story progresses is a great story.  And it's a great movie too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an entertaining movie that is worth seeing for all ages.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A pretty good film with a good premise. I don't see how people can hate this movie. It's a pretty good movie that I enjoyed. I am not a big fan of the genre but this movie is just fine. It has a good story, it's a good comedy, it has a great ending. There are a lot of people that could be offended by this movie but I don' know. I really don't know. It wasn't like anything I've ever seen before. It was a pretty great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an amazing movie about a man who decides to change his life around by starting his own business and running it like a family.   I was surprised at how well it works and I loved how it felt like a real family. This is the kind of movie that people will enjoy, even if they aren't in the business or running a business. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with a very unique storyline. It is definitely worth watching!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As far as I'm concerned, I really like this movie!   It's one of those "What if?" type stories.   In the past, a man named Bill Gantt (a really bad guy) tried to destroy the world with a nuclear bomb.  But one man, a guy named Joe Tackett, has a very unusual idea: to create a new kind of bomb to destroy Gantton, using a little girl named Eliza.  When Gantter's army finds out that they've been beaten, they start to think that it's time to put the genie back in the bottle.  And the genies are back in action, too!  But as Ganter's men take off for home, they get the cold shoulder from Eliza's mother.  She's been very upset about her daughter's whereabouts since the war.  Eliza isn't quite the kind of girl that she used to be...but she's still got the charm and beauty to make a man fall in love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not going to lie to you, I am a HUGE fan of the films from the early '70s. There is a reason I love them so much.   I think it is because of the strong performances from both actors and the fact that they were able to bring a movie that was about two men that would be friends and lovers, and also about the relationship between a woman and a man.  I remember watching this movie when I was very young and being completely enthralled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - August 3, 2016It was good...   - June 18, 2016I'll be there when they make it...
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm so excited to see this movie again! It's great to see a movie where everyone gets to be themselves and make fun of each other. Everyone seems to enjoy the movie and I think it would be fun to watch again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a couple who move to the suburbs and are quickly attracted to the new neighborhood. Their first night they visit a local bar to get their bearings. This bar is not a good place for people who like to drink. They try to pick up some girls but quickly get turned off by their lack of professionalism. After several days of trying to get a date out of the girls the couple decides to go out and look for one of their own.  The movie does have some very funny scenes, especially when the guy is trying to flirt with the girl.  This was a fun movie and it has some good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was not expecting much when I saw the trailer for this film and was pretty much expecting to see another boring western with guns and bad acting, but that was not the case at all. I am a big fan of John Wayne, and the film is just a tribute to him and the Western genre.    A lot of the acting was pretty good, and a few were pretty bad. It was not an action movie, but a western. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last movie we had together was a blast, with good performances by the actors and a great set of set pieces.   For the first time, we see a different side of Captain Kirk. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is pretty bad.   The actors are all awful and the acting is terrible.  The only good thing about this movie is the music.  It is actually pretty good.  If you like old horror movies, this is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a fan of the late great Stanley Kubrick and I think this is one of his best films. I was born and raised in the city of New York, and I lived in New York during the height of the movie industry, when it was still being made in Hollywood. I attended the New York Film Festival in 1976, and was at a screening of "Barry Lyndon" that day, and saw it with a friend. We both went to a different screening a few days later and were both blown away. I remember seeing it again at the Newseum, in Washington, D.C., and I have to admit I have been a bit jealous of my friend ever since. This movie is a classic, and a film that will be a classic for years to come.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie and the most entertaining movie I've seen in a long time.   The cast is excellent.  The story is well told.  It's also a good way to get rid of the "Star Wars" junkies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good story, and good animation, although the ending of the movie is a bit out of character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a film festival in Toronto, which is a wonderful place to be. This movie is based on the true story of a young woman who was kidnapped and kept as a slave in the home of a man who had a heart of gold. She had to do all the work for him and lived a very comfortable life. She is the one who saved him when he was dying and she helped him to get his life back. I am sure she would have liked to stay with him but she felt it would be easier to live with a human being who treated her well.  I thought the movie was wonderful and I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the ending.  The story was a simple one, but I liked it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie about a boy who goes to live with his uncle in a castle in the middle of nowhere in the Swiss Alps, who happens to be a vampire. The movie follows his adventures.   -I was surprised that I liked this movie, I mean, it was only 15 minutes long, and it had all the ingredients of a typical "young vampire" movie. I liked how the movie was not "adult" in the sense that it was not a "horror" movie in the typical sense of the word. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie. It is about a girl who is a little bit odd, and a little weird. But she is also a very caring, loving, and thoughtful person. Her best friend, she loves and respects him, and also he loves and admires her, but she has a very hard time getting along with him.   There are many other people in this movie, that are not even in the movie, they are just people in the background. The only real person who is in the main story line is a girl named Sara, who is the daughter of the teacher. She is the one that the girl gets along with, and who is very cute. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I went to see the film in a theatre in the village. We sat in the dark with the lights off. The movie was great, we laughed so hard. The ending of the movie is very good and shows the true love of a couple.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows a group of soldiers, one of whom is an African American and the rest are American soldiers, as they are sent to Korea to serve in the U.S. Army.  They are all stationed in a small village near Seoul.  The village is run by a Korean woman, who is a widow.   The movie does not take a long time to get to know the soldiers, who all have their own unique personality.  Their sergeant is a guy that loves to hunt and is a big hunter.  He loves to eat, which is why he never stops to eat.  There are three other soldiers that are all different types.  One is an Asian guy that is very funny.  Another is a Mexican guy who is very much a cowboy, and a third is a black guy that has a great sense of humor.  It is the first time I have seen an all African American cast.  They all get to show their best sides.  This movie is a great look at the Korean War.  I enjoyed it and will be watching it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a very good one. The plot is fairly interesting. The acting is good. The story is interesting. It's a very fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun time in the park with a group of buddies. It is a little slow at the beginning but after about 20 minutes or so you get used to the pace and the characters.  The movie is all about the friendships and the adventures they have, so the humor comes from the fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this movie is awesome. It is based on a book of the same name by William F. Nolan (who also wrote the novel). The movie starts off with a car accident and the protagonist's father is killed. The only thing he left behind is a dog. This dog is then taken to a shelter where he is adopted by a family. The family is actually very poor and live in a one bedroom house. The dog starts to learn some basic commands and does very well in a house with little money. The owner of the house gets sick, and the owner goes to the hospital to get help. However, the doctor who is treating him is actually a doctor named Dr. Kline. The doctor is kind of a dick to the dog and doesn't really seem to care. The last time the dog sees the doctor is the day he gets to go home. It turns out that the dog was the last living member of a family that is about to be slaughtered in a slaughter house. Kageyama-san (the dog) is not afraid of the butcher's knives and he is able to help the family escape. The movie is really well made and I recommend it to all movie fans.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good.   It has a lot of action, and it's fun.  The music is nice, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best kind of movie is one where you know what is going to happen.  It is a story about a man who is trying to save a woman from a crazy murderer who is running around town.  The best kinds of movies are ones that tell you exactly what is about to happen and then let it happen. And The Big Lebowski is a perfect example of that.    It is a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of a man who was a professional fighter is interesting enough. It has its share of violence and the ending is very gruesome.   However, there is a lot of humor to be found in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a really good movie!   I have to give a big thumbs up to the director, Mr. Cusack, for making a good, entertaining movie.   He has a lot of ideas that he wants to tell.  In this film we get to see some serious, action packed movie and we get the chance to see what happens when you are forced to take a trip to the desert.  I do have to say that a couple of times I thought this movie was going to be about some of the craziest movies I have seen, but I don't think so, Mr Cusacks has a good sense of humor and this makes up for some of his silly ideas.  Overall this movie is a good one and is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on a whim one day and I was not disappointed at all. This movie had the right combination of humour, romance and drama. It is definitely one of my favourite movies and I highly recommend it to all of you.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have no idea what the director is trying to do with this movie, but I guess it works.  You get a nice, relaxed movie where there are no big fights, no crazy stunt driving and just a bunch of people having a good time.    This movie is not for everybody, but if you enjoy action and cars, you will probably enjoy this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was very good!  I loved it.  It's just a fun movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little more adult than it needs to be and the ending was a little predictable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself has a lot of heart and was pretty funny at times.   I didn't really have a chance to think about the movie that much, but I did like it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first of several great movies by Wes Anderson.   A good movie, and great to look at. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last two years of The Room has been a very emotional roller coaster for me. When the film first came out, I had no idea what to expect. But it blew me away. I can't believe I've been watching this film for over 3 years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best action movies I have ever seen.   The action sequences are good.  I also liked the movie's plot.  The film is an action movie but it is also a romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that most people who have seen this movie have loved it. The story is fairly straightforward, as it follows the life of the main character as she struggles to overcome an illness and is forced to find a way to live without her husband. The only real problem is that the movie doesn't really follow the main theme of the movie. The movie revolves around a sick girl who has a secret that is so powerful that she can't get rid of it. As the story progresses, the girl becomes more and more powerful and it is only after she finds a way out of her secret that she is able to get rid off of it entirely.  The movie has a very realistic feel to it.  I really enjoyed this movie and I think it's one of the better movies to come out of the 80s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen this yet, but if it is any good, I'm sure I'll be seeing it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a huge fan of David Lynch and I was looking forward to seeing this movie. This is a good example of a great director who can do just about anything he wants. I loved the story line, and the ending. It is one of the best movie endings I have ever seen. It's a little over 20 minutes long and is very well made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's always a good day when a big Hollywood studio throws a good film at you.   This one has a few laughs but it has some great action, great special effects, a great performance by Robert Vaughn as the main character and even a little romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    After a couple of years of no movies, it is nice to see a couple in one. It is not a good film by any means but still worth a watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been thinking about how many of these films were made over the past 40 years. This one, "Grimy Tales of the Grim and Evil World of Mr. Seuss," which is set in a small New England town, is no exception. I can remember the first time I saw it. It was in the school cafeteria, where the class was reading about it. "Grouchy Tales of Seuss" is an adaptation of the first four books of the "Little Red Hen" series. "Little Green Eggs"  is about a baby named Red, who lives in a house in a tree in a forest. He eats lots of vegetables and has the power to grow things. His first encounter with humans is a little boy who is a friend of the Green Egg family.  The book also introduces some very clever rhyming words.  "The Book of Life" The story is also narrated by the Red Egg's wife, Midge, who is actually the narrator.  There are a lot of characters, including a dog named Pongo, a young girl named Mary, and a little old woman named Ms. Pompom.  I think that there are a number of funny parts in the story, but I think the best are the ones that deal with the children and the people around them.  This movie is definitely worth watching.  It's very funny, and if you are a fan of the children's books or a Seuss fan then this is a must see.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A real shame this movie doesn't get a sequel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie.  If you have a chance to watch it, watch it.    It is funny, violent, sexy and, most importantly, a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie and would recommend it to anyone who likes good movies. It has a strong story, and great acting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a solid effort by the director, with some good acting and a solid story. There are no special effects or special effects sequences to be found, just a good solid story, with a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie! It's a great film for all ages and all of the family. I hope to see it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has an interesting story. The main character is the son of a Russian war veteran and his daughter. Her father was killed in World War II. His son was very poor when he was young, but he managed to get a job in the U.S. Army. There he lived until the 1980s. He was a soldier and a good one, but also a man of great integrity. He always did what he thought was right, even though it was often difficult for him. His wife died a few years before he was killed, and they never remarried. They had a son, who is an Air Force pilot, and a daughter who is a nurse. The son is married to a beautiful woman, who has a son of her own. The daughter is a beautiful girl who is not really a girl at all.    The movie is really a good picture of the 1950s. The military life is the focus of the movie, and it is not without its hardships. However, it is a good way of telling the story, and the movie is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good, well-acted, and well-directed movie.   The characters are all excellent and the screenplay is very good.  This movie is a little different from the other movies I've seen in this genre, and I don't know why, since it is a true-life story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an interesting one, and it is not just the usual tale of an eccentric inventor and his experiments that we know. I like how the movie takes the time to introduce a few of the characters and give us a good background to see how they came to be and how they all function together.  As a film about a family, it is a rather depressing story, with the parents being quite the opposite of the nice person that you see in most of these films.  The family has been in the country for quite some time now, and they have had quite a lot of problems in getting along.   I will end with one more review, since it really is just a great movie: Overall Rating:    4/5
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie because of its high ranking in the US Weekly's top 100 movies list and also because it was directed by a true master in Terrence Malick. It was a beautiful movie and was definitely a good thing to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think I'm going to be very happy with this movie, and not just because I'm a big fan of the original movie and the remake. It's a good film and it does a good job of being a sequel to the original film, but it also gives a very fresh and different spin to the plot.   This movie is set in modern day London and is a good representation of what it's like to be an average Londoner.  This is the story of a very simple man, a young man named Jack who is not quite as simple as he seems, and who has a very interesting past.  The film opens with a series of flashbacks that show us a little of what happened to Jack, and then we see him once again, in present day London.  Jack is a rather simple man who just happens to be in a band with a very mysterious woman named Samantha. They play a bunch of oldies at a club called the Drones, and it's pretty clear that Jack is enjoying himself.  However, this isn't the case for everyone at the Drones, including Jack's best friend George, who has just been dumped by a woman named Lucy.  It's clear that Lucy has been doing a lot of drinking and Jack has been getting jealous about it.  In order to clear the air, George gives Jack a drink that he made himself, which Jack immediately takes a liking to.  When George leaves the club, Jack begins to act strangely, which leads him to think that he's been drinking himself to death.  Unfortunately, he's not alone.  Samantha is also acting strange and is apparently not acting very well herself, so Jack and George decide to go get help from the club's owner, the very beautiful and mysterious Mimi.  Mimi is also the owner of a small strip club called The Drones.  After going to get help, Jack and Mimi end up at the club in the middle of the night and are attacked by a group of men who seem to be after Jack's girlfriend Lucy.   Mimi seems to be on a mission to kill Lucy and take Jack with her, so she tells Jack to go back to the club and play his music.  As it turns out, Jack has also been drinking too much and has fallen asleep on the club floor.  He wakes up to find himself back in the same place, and soon realizes that he has been attacked again.  Lucy has
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how a good story should be told.  The story is very interesting and the characters are well-drawn.    The only negative that I can say about this movie is the dialogue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an enjoyable film that takes a different approach from the more traditional sci-fi.   I am a sucker for a good space opera, and this one is definitely one of the better ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie. It's an adaptation of the classic children's story The Great Mouse Detective. It features lots of fun, including some very clever special effects. The story follows the adventures of a mouse who gets caught up in a mystery and a crime-solving game. The movie is full of fun and there are many funny moments. The acting is very good as well. The song "The Great Mouse Justice" by the late Al Jolson is played by the lovely Doris Day. I also like the fact that it features many old favorites.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie!  The movie is not as funny as the trailer makes it sound like it is but it is definitely worth a watch.  And I do mean that! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A really good movie.   This is one of those movies you really just have to see to believe.  The whole movie is so funny and it is one great little movie.    The story is about a guy who has a love for his dog (which happens to be a girl) and is able to keep her on a leash because of her small stature.  He takes a lot of care in keeping her on the leash because he doesn't want her to go off on some crazy adventure.  This doesn't stop him from getting a job at the local dog park, where he meets the owner of a "bitch".  This "b" bitch is pretty mean and has some sort of problem with her leg and will walk with a limp or limp.  She starts off pretty well with the owner, but after a few weeks she starts getting violent and eventually takes her off the leash and attacks the dog.  Fortunately, the owner is able  to  save the dog and this makes the story more interesting.  In the end, the owners gets a restraining order on her and that's the end of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very happy to see that the sequel to The Crow, the "The Conjuring 2" is still going strong. There are no ghosts in this one, and I am a big fan of that. I didn't really think that there would be any ghosts in the film. I had thought that there might be some in the first film. But the fact that there were no ghosts is actually a good thing. It makes it feel like the sequel is not a sequel at all. It's not that it isn't a sequel to the first one. It is a very similar story. The story of a girl that can see spirits. The second film doesn't have the same feel of the first, which I really liked. It feels a little more "real" and the second movie has a lot of the same themes that the first has. The first film was about a family dealing with the reality of their reality, and this film is about a couple dealing with their reality. The new story is actually more realistic and it's really good. I just loved it.   The movie isn't as scary as I thought it would be, but I still enjoyed it. I don't really feel like there is any real threat to the characters in the second film, so I think it was actually quite well done.   the new characters aren't really bad. I liked them. I think the film was better than the first in many ways, so maybe it's not really as scary. I really loved the story, and the ending was great.   and I really hope that the new one is better than this one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a novel of the same name by Richard Bachman. This movie takes the story of the Bachman and the Tutt and shows how a family is torn apart by their hatred of each other. This is not a movie for the faint of heart. It is a film that deals with issues that many people have. The movie also includes a wonderful ending that makes you cry.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie with my mom and we loved it. It was a good action film. My mom and I both had a good time. It's not as good as the other movies on this site, but I think it's good enough to get the job done. I'd like to see more like this.   Movie: 3 out of 5
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . .. The film does an excellent job of setting up the character's background in the '50s, and the film has the same kind of atmosphere and sense of wonder that I have come to expect from the genre.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie for the first time yesterday and I am glad I did. The film is about a young man named James and his family. He is an orphan and is being raised by his grandmother, who is a very good witch and does magic for a living. One day James is sent to live with his uncle for the summer. While there he meets his new best friend, a boy named Tommy. They become friends but there is a big problem. Tommy is a wizard who has a big crush on James. While James tries to convince his grandmother that Tommy is too old to be his friend, Tommy is having an affair with his mother's friend, Lucy. Lucy is a beautiful witch who was the queen of the forest in her time. Now she has turned to be an evil witch and is trying to rule the forest by killing the animals who have dared to disobey her. James is not having it. He knows that Tommy has feelings for Lucy and he tries to prevent her from doing something that is too bad for him.   "The Witch" was a great movie. It was a good and funny movie and I thought that James would be the star of it. I think he was a little bit overpowered by Tommy and Lucy. James and Tommy have a great friendship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first movie in this series, it takes place in a future where all of mankind has been replaced by robots. The main character is called Robot Boy and he is one of the first robot children. The other robot children were created to help out the humans who were too slow to create them. Robot Boy is just like the other children, he is kind and gentle. The only difference is that he doesn't care what he eats or who he is with.     The plot is simple, we follow Robot Boy as he goes to school, and we learn about his friends and the robots who are also his friends.    This movie is very cute and it has a good story line.  It is not very long, but it is a great movie to watch for a little bit of laughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have no doubt that this movie will appeal to the children in the audience and that it will be a success.   The special effects are well done and are really very impressive.  The movie is quite entertaining and has some great characters and some very funny scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the third movie I have watched by Robert Zemeckis.  It is about an architect (Martin Landau) who is working on a new building in the city of New York.   The city is being built up by the New York Yankees.  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie many times and I still enjoy it.   A few people might complain about the acting but I never saw any actors so bad I could not watch them.  It was interesting to see that people were not so happy to be rid of the dictator. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like to watch action films that involve some very cool stuff, and this is definitely one of them.   If you like to see some super-powered characters battling against a bad guy, then you will like this movie.  I also like that the movie is not over the top, and that the characters are not cartoonish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not going to get into a lot of movie reviews, because I'm too lazy. I will say that I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. I don't like horror movies that are set in a house with lots of creepy things. I've seen a few of those, and while they were scary, they weren't that much fun. It was more like a thriller than a horror movie. But I was excited to see a movie about an evil house.   The movie starts off like a typical house movie, and we see a girl named Kathy and her father trying to clean the house. Kathy is a little kid who likes to play with her dolls. Her father is a doctor and she often helps him. When the house is being cleaned, she decides to stay. When her dad goes to the basement, Kathy follows him. She finds out that he has a lot more stuff than he's letting on.  There are dolls, a toy horse, a bunch of stuffed animals, and more. Kathy's dad has a secret that he doesn't want Kathy to know. It's an old book, and she wants to know what it says. It says that when the house comes to life, the doll people are real, and then it tells her that her father is the evil witch who is trying to kill Kathy. It tells her to hide, and not to tell anyone.  But Kathy doesn't believe it. Her dad is a really nice man, and Kathy really likes him. He doesn't seem to be a bad guy, and they just seem to love each other.  The story gets even better as we learn about Kathy's doll friends, and what is really going on. It is really creepy.  One of the best things about this movie is that Kathy is not just a little girl who gets scared at the drop of a hat. She is smart, and when she is around the house, she gets scared. When she gets in trouble, she doesn't try to run away. She tries to figure out what is going on, and it turns out that she's not just imagining things.  When she sees a doll on the ground, she goes to find it. She doesn't even try to hide from her dad, and that's how she gets killed.  This movie was a lot like the TV show "The Secret World of Alex Mack". It has all the things that I like about horror movies, like a little doll that comes
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "He who fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And if you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you." - George A. Romero
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very nice movie!   I love the way this movie portrays the good and bad times of the war and how it changed the lives of the soldiers, both good and evil.   It is interesting to see how a war can bring out the best in people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I enjoyed it.  It is a simple story about a woman, a father, a son, and a dog. They all live in a small town. The father and son are a couple. The dog is their pet. The daughter's sister comes to visit her. It is nice to see how these characters grow. I am not a fan of the dog, but he is a good dog. The story is simple. It has a great message.  The movie is well made.  I recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know if it's a good idea to get a camera in a room when a man is doing a blowjob. But it's just too good not to try.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of people would probably like this movie, but not me. It is not as good as "Saw" (I mean, I have seen the other one a lot) but it's not bad. It's not even bad, but it is a little slow. The story is interesting, but I didn't get a lot of satisfaction from it. It took me a while to figure out the reason why the characters are acting the way they are. The ending was a bit weak. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I like it when the bad guys win." - Michael J. Fox, director, producer.   The bad guys in this movie are the government and its henchmen, who, with a little help from the local town sheriff, attempt to eliminate a couple of outlaws. I found this to be a well-made film, with some decent special effects. There is a good dose of violence and violence is present in this film, but it doesn't go over the top. There were some very cool car chases, but they didn't seem to add much to the story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't like horror movies. I'm just not a big fan.   This movie is very good.  The story is about a family that moves to a new town and starts to have some issues.  It is scary.  I really liked the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun little film to watch. I enjoyed the whole movie, the character development was great. I liked the whole story line. I hope it gets a sequel, I would like to see more scenes with the two boys and the girl. It was a good fun watch!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has been around for a long time and it never ceases to amaze me. This is not a film for the faint of heart, nor is it a light hearted comedy. It is an extremely gritty and brutal portrayal of the evils of the world. The actors were great in this movie, especially Tom Cruise, who played the role of a serial killer and an abusive father. He was very believable and very frightening. The violence was depicted with extreme realism. It was a very interesting and unique movie that will give you some of the best nightmares you will ever have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most underrated movies ever made, with a wonderful cast, the best screenplay ever written and some truly bizarre characters. The whole thing has the same look and feel of a dream, but it's not a dream. It's a nightmare. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best of the Best"  --  Christopher Reeves, The Associated Press  -  This is an exciting adventure about a man who is able to walk into another man's body and walk out again.  He is very quick, but he's a very dangerous person.    --  Chris Rock  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is quite well done and well paced. There is a lot to see and see and hear and hear. There are a lot of scenes that are very well done.    I like the little touches of humor that they sprinkle into the movie.  I do not find the ending satisfying but I understand it is supposed to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is well written, I don't think I have ever read a more realistic depiction of a couple of college kids in a relationship than this one. The dialogue is light, the humor is light. The romance is light and it's very cute.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the most fun I've had in a long time.   I think this is going to be a great movie to watch in the summer!   It's an action movie in a nice setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good comedy that doesn't take itself too seriously.   - January 31, 2005Funny
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't recommend this movie enough! It's one of the most entertaining comedies of all time, full of fun, jokes, and the perfect balance of horror, action and drama. This film is a blast to watch, and it never gets boring. If you like the classic B-movie, then you're going to love this!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  So I watched this movie a few years ago and I'm still not over how good it is.        I would not hesitate to watch it again, especially if you are a horror fan like me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little comedy about a guy who decides to go camping for the weekend, and gets a great surprise.  I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think you can have a good time watching a movie about an animal. It's like watching a bunch of monkeys getting fucked. I think the director made this movie because he was bored and wanted to do something to pass the time. It is not an enjoyable movie to watch at all. It seems to be one long, boring boring scene after another.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a huge horror movie fan, and this is a good one, with a great script.  The movie has a cool premise, and it does a great job of capturing the terror of the macabre.  I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like bad movies then you will like this one. I don't remember anything about the film. I think I had to sit through about two hours and then some before I realised that the story was just a cheap knock-off of a film from a few years back called 'The Big Fat Quiz'. The actors were in very bad shape and the actors playing the main characters were terrible too. I'm not sure what this movie was about but I can't say I enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It had a great story, and an excellent performance from Michael J Fox. It also had a very good ending. It's a movie that I think everyone should see at least once in their lives.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie so much.  The best thing about this movie is that it tells a story from the point of view of an ordinary man.   He is a farmer and is the one that decides to kill a beautiful woman to save the life of his only son.  As a matter of fact, this man has only one son. His son has been born with a brain tumor.  This man does not know about this tumor, nor about the wife that he married and that they have a child.  In fact, he doesn't know about the tumor either.  He knows only that a woman is waiting for him.  She comes to him and says that her husband died and that she is the widow of the deceased man. She then tells him the story of how she lost her husband and her son.   Then, the man decides to do the right thing.  After all, he has only a son and the life and the death of his son is the most important thing in the world to him.   The man decides that he must kill the beautiful woman and he must do it in such a way that no one else will be able to see him. He decides that she must die from the tumor in her head.  But, this woman has other ideas. She tells the man that she wants to give birth to a child and that if she doesn't have a tumor in the next few days she will get a tumor. She also says that she will not give birth until she has a tumor and she wants her son to have the same.   After all that has happened, the woman is in a hospital with a big tumor and the doctor tells her that she can't have the baby.    This is where the movie takes a turn.  If you are familiar with the book and movie, you know that the doctor in the movie is not the same doctor as in the book.  There is a man named Henry Molaison in the hospital and Henry is the doctor that does the actual surgery on the woman.  Molaisn is the kind of doctor that thinks he knows everything about the body and the human being and that is why he is not going to let the woman have the surgery.  Then, there is a woman named Lorna.  Lorn has another name in the novel but it is never given in the film.  We never find out what she calls herself.  Her name is not mentioned in the story
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this film is that it's got a fantastic script and an even better film.  If you like action, sci-fi, and some great acting from the likes of Gary Lockwood, you'll enjoy this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't recommend this movie enough. It has a really awesome story that gets even better as the movie progresses. This is an excellent film, but I think it would work better in the 1950s.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's an interesting and somewhat sad movie about the murder of a young boy by his father.   I really enjoyed it.   I'm glad this movie was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film begins with an aerial shot of a city, with a lone person (Roland) standing on a street corner talking to passers-by. The camera then follows the two main characters Roland and Al (played by the great Michael Caine) as they travel from one end of the city to the other. I thought it was very well done, and the story was excellent.   Alfred Hitchcock is well known for his low-key films, and The Man Who Knew Too Much is no exception. It's a quiet film with a bit of suspense and a lot of interesting characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The final scene of the movie, with the old lady's "hugging" and the final "hope" of the child, is a beautiful moment in a movie that was so filled with sadness.  I was glad that it was over.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie so many times I could give a list of the names of the many different actors and actresses who have played this role over the years. And I could tell you that each one had a part that was worth their while.   This is one of those times that you'll remember that you were watching a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never been a huge fan of the 80's movies. It was fun while it lasted.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pretty excited to see this movie. It's one of the better of the "Grim" movies, so I was looking forward to that. It did not disappoint! There are some good laughs in this movie, it's really funny and there is plenty of gore and violence in this one. There are scenes where the character has his face melted off by a firework, it is pretty disgusting, but the scenes with the dead were pretty funny too. I really liked the ending of the movie, the character is a little twisted but I guess that's to be expected.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, a great action movie.  The stunts are very well choreographed and very well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best "old-school" action film ever made.  No special effects here, no special effects there, just good, old-fashioned fight choreography.    I can't believe that I've watched it more than a few times, yet it's one of my favorite action movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that it has a very dark plotline, a very well-acted lead, and a great score.  This is a film that should be watched by anyone who loves movies, but who may not be as familiar with the genre as they should be.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a great, entertaining movie, full of great action and amazing stunts. It's very funny, very well written and a great time at the movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie, and it is one that everyone should see. I have only seen it once in a theater and I think it is a very good movie.  The characters are so well written. The story is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the movie is great:    It is about a group of men who have been playing "Hollywood" all their lives, and have all gotten sick of it.   After some bad reviews of the previous movie, they decide to write a new one to "change the public's opinion".   And so they do:  This time it is about the Hollywood studio system:  There is a young man who is so desperate to be an actor that he decides to try out for a part in the movie.    The audition is awful:  I thought the audition was really bad, it is very awkward and the actor really needs to work on his voice.  The guy looks like he was born in a car:  The movie itself was good:  It has a great storyline, good acting and is very funny.  There were a couple of scenes I really liked:  One was a very good scene when the studio president is giving a speech at a school and it is hilarious.  Another scene was really good when a woman goes to the doctor to see what the problem is with her breasts and gets a mammogram.  In conclusion, this is a good film: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is about a young boy who finds his father dead and tries to get to know his mother. The movie is good. It is dark, sad, sad-ish, sad. I don't like this kind of movie, but I liked it. I found it to be a really nice movie with good acting. The story is really sad and the acting is good in this movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is interesting and it has a great cast.   I enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was so excited to see this movie. I have heard so much about this film and I am so glad that it is finally getting a release.   My only complaint about this movie is that I felt it needed a little more. The pacing is pretty slow, but the action was so cool. I think the movie had a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie in the early 70's. It was just after the assassination of John F. Kennedy. It has to do with the CIA. One of the main characters, who is an attorney, he is going to testify in court about the CIA and they are trying to assassinate him. They have this one guy who is the guy who makes sure that the money is coming into the CIA bank account. They try to put this guy in jail so they can get him to give them information. The attorney who is testifying is very brave. He goes and he does this interview and then he goes out of the courthouse and the CIA guy comes and he's got him and he gets the information. He says, "They're trying to kill you." He says they are going to assassinate the attorney. This is the only part I remember. It is very scary, I don't think the director has done it justice, he made me sick to my stomach. I don.t think he has got the actors right. But he has a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Titanic" is a great movie and the characters are all very interesting. There are two good things about it, first of all, I love the scene in which Jack and the boys see the iceberg and then get ready to jump. Then it all goes wrong and they are stranded, and I think that's when the real tragedy begins. This is a good story and a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fantastic film from an excellent director. I have not seen this film before, but I am sure that I will see it again and again. This is a film that you have to see in the theatre with all of the others. It will not leave you wanting for more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have only watched this movie a few times, but every time it is a good one. It is not as great as it could be, but it is entertaining and you will laugh a lot. I am not sure how the actor could get so much better and how the actress could get such good parts in so many bad movies, but she has the talent to do it. I think I will be watching this movie for a long time, and it is just great to see a good comedy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't care about the movie's content; it is not about the world's most perfect, most beautiful place, or the world that the world knows best.   It's a wonderful movie about a guy named Jim.  He's a very nice guy, and a very good actor.  Jim has a good heart, and he cares a lot about his family.  He has a nice life, and the people who don't like him don't know what they're talking about.  And the movie is funny as hell!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this at the movie theater on opening night.   It's got all the elements I look for in a good action movie: A good story; a good mix of action and comedy; a decent cast; a few good special effects; and a great ending.  Posted by Rob at 8:04 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie, with good acting, good production values and a decent story, that's about all there is to say.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a problem:    My problem: I love this movie.       I don't know if it's my fault or the movie's fault, but the whole movie is like a cross between a comic book and a Hollywood movie. It's pretty entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think this movie was made for kids.   It was made to look like a bad movie, but it really is one of the best.  The plot is based on a series of children's books and a book called "The Secret of My Success" by the famous author Ray Bradbury.  This movie is not too funny.  Bradbury's stories were filled with weird characters, but they were always well drawn.  What I really liked about this movie is that it made me think about the problems that many children face.  There is a lot of fear that most of us face in this world.  Children face the fear of being bullied and even worse, the fear that they will be beaten up.  Most kids grow up thinking that they are going to be successful in life.  But if they are not successful they will never feel good about themselves.  I'm sure that this movie will make children feel good for a few hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you see the opening credits of the movie "A Nightmare on Elm Street" (1985), you might think that the movie was a spoof of the horror movies of the 80's and early 90's, with a twist: the killer is Freddy Krueger, a character created by Wes Craven (writer, director, producer of the original "Nightmare on Elm street" movie) and David Bowie (writer/actor, songwriter). In the first scene, we see Freddy with a knife, trying to find his victims: his first victim is an old man, and his second victim is a little girl. After that, Freddy starts to cut a girl, with his machete. This was the first time that we see the character of Freddy (or Kruegger, as he is sometimes called). It's obvious that Freddy was created by Craven and Bowie, and was meant to be a dark, twisted, and gruesome character. When the first "Nightmares on Elmstreet" movie came out, Freddy was an original character who had a lot of different characteristics, which we don't really see until the second and third movies, in which he becomes a more realistic character. Freddy was a little kid who liked to wear a sweater, but he soon got a bad reputation for wearing clothes that were too big for him. This made him an object of fear, and made him want to escape from his house. This movie was made for kids, and even though the movie wasn't very good, it still had a good influence on the young generation.  I found this movie to be very interesting.  It's easy to see why it's one of the most famous horror movies: it's a good horror movie, and it's also very funny. I also enjoyed watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was an excellent film, a good old movie, it's just a shame that it's so easy to spoil. It's not too long, it has a good plot, but it's not a story-telling film, it doesn't really tell you much of anything and it doesn`t do anything clever with the plot.   But it does do one thing very well: it gets you into the mood of the film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Funny, touching, and often funny, the film is a very good movie about a very bad man."  - John Hughes
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of great moments in this movie. I liked the characters a lot.   It had a good ending too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that deserves to be seen by more than just its critics, it's an awesome story about a group of children who are not afraid of anything and they take any situation and make it into a comedy.  I loved this film and I'd highly recommend it to any movie lover! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! It's a very dark, serious story about a man who's a vampire, a human and a dog who all become one person. It's the perfect movie to watch on a long car trip.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The last 10 minutes of this movie is the most exciting part of the film. There are some interesting points to it: 1) The film is very funny (I don't care if I'm biased) and it's not that funny in a "silly" way but a serious "what if" situation. 2) The story is not only about a family but a whole family of family members, the children as well as the parents. 3) There are several hilarious scenes in the film: 1. The mother gives her son a bath in a big tub, it's a scene that makes you laugh like crazy. 2. The dad gets up early to go to work but his wife wants him to rest. He goes and gets some food, the food is cooked by his kids, it makes the food very delicious and delicious. 3. The father tells his kids that their grandfather is sick, but they don't say anything about it. 4. The kids do a lot of stupid stuff, for example, they get the dog out of the car and take it outside, then they go to the car but the dog's still in the car. 5. The family is having a family picnic, but all the family members eat the food, not the dogs. 6. The children throw the food all over the place, they eat it all, the dog, the chair, the table, the chairs, the toys. 7. The mom and the dad go to bed early, but the mother has to stay up for some reason, the kid wakes her up and says that the mother's asleep, so the kid says he needs to get a little sleep. Then the kid gets up again and the mom gets up. 8. The kid's mom is very tired, and she says she's going to bed. Then they leave and the kid's dad is sitting on the couch, the mom goes and lies down and they go back to bed, then the kid goes to sleep and the mother gets up, the dad comes home, the kids come in and the kids play with the dog.    I'm sure I could keep going with this review but I think the point has been made.  A family on the verge of collapse:  This is the first movie I watched this year where I really got hooked on it and had to watch it again.  The plot is very simple and the movie is funny.  I really enjoyed the first half of the movie,
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen this movie for years and this is the first time I saw it. It is an enjoyable movie that shows us what life was like in the 1950s. It also shows the people that were in the area at that time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie. It's a good, funny movie that's very good fun to watch.  The movie has great comedy, good action, a great story.  The movie starts with a woman with a gun who's trying to find a job.   This woman, as you probably can guess, is named "The Lady".   She has a car, a house, a boyfriend and a gun.  She is not very bright, so she can't tell the difference between a man and a man with a beard.    It's pretty obvious when you see her, but she isn't a bad person.  There are some scenes in this movie that make me laugh so hard I almost cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard about this before from someone else who had seen it and it sounded great.  Well, I did see it.   And I can say that it was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Shadows of the Dead" are an undead army of the dead that attack a group of people who go to visit a haunted house.   I like this one a lot, it's a simple story but it has a few twists that make it interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love that there is a female role for all kinds of women, even the bad ones.  Even though there are some baddies, I still like the movie a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie we see the first encounter between two of the biggest stars of the day.  A beautiful young lady named Evelyn (Halle Berry) and a huge, ugly guy named Frank (Bill Paxton) meet on the train.    Evelyn falls for Frank and they fall in love.  In the first scene, Evelyn and Frank go out to a bar, and a pretty young woman (Carla Gugino) walks by.  She notices them and calls to them.  Evelynn and Frank then go on a date.  They are interrupted by the police, who are looking for the guy who shot a man in a bar a few weeks ago.  It turns out the man was the son of a rich man who was killed in a car accident.  Frank goes to the crime scene and takes pictures of the victim's body and tells Evelyn about the accident. Frank finds a man who looks like the son who was involved in the accident, and the police believe that this is Frank.  The police and Frank's father get into a fistfight, and Frank runs off, and Evelyn follows him.  When Evelyn gets close to Frank's house, she is shot by a shotgun blast.  After this, Evelynn becomes a widower, and she and Frank live happily ever after.  Unfortunately, there is a twist to this tale.  We learn that Frank's dad, who was supposed to have died, is actually alive.  There is a secret family plot to get Frank back and get revenge for the accident that killed his father.  And now, I have to warn you.  I found this movie to be a bit cheesy and not very exciting.  This movie is really not about love. The story is about the plan to get revenge and to get the son back.  Even though this is a very enjoyable film, I wouldn't recommend this to people who like romantic movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My daughter and I both enjoy this movie.   It's a little slow paced, but it's still entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice story about a man with a secret who wants to help a little girl and the police officer who thinks he's doing a good job.   The special effects are very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this is the only part that actually has some good action: a gang of crooks attempt to rob a man in a bar. They are chased and caught by the police. The police are all drunk, and all are trying to hit on the same woman. This leads to the police chasing the crooks to an abandoned house. The crooks hide there, but are then confronted by a couple of police officers. The cops shoot the crook, who falls over, dead. The woman is a tough little bitch. She grabs the crooner and throws him over the house, and then proceeds to kick him and break his arm. She then goes back to the bar and makes the crooning music. This is all a good story, and it is all set up in a clever way: the crooners are the real bad guys, but the woman is the good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has a great soundtrack, the main character is great, and the ending is very satisfying.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen this movie in over 20 years. I used to see this movie quite often. I have a little crush on one of the female characters.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story was great. I liked the idea.    I didn't get to the part where the hero finds out he's a mutant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was my first movie, and I had not seen many action movies before. I have since seen them all, and this one is a little different from all the others. This movie is not really "comedy" or "action", but it is still very good, and it's well worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was totally blown away by the ending.    The ending is perfect.  It is so satisfying and just what the doctor ordered.  I can't wait to see more!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that will stay with you. It's the kind of film that you keep going back to because of the great performances and the unique, almost eerie way the film was shot. It really doesn't matter that this is a film about a killer. It doesn't really matter that it's not really a horror movie, it just doesn't. It has a kind of quiet beauty to it that is really hard to put into words.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was fun and very well acted.  And the acting was really good.    And I have to admit I loved the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent movie about a very special man and his struggle to become a better person. It's a good reminder of how important good friends are. The main characters are believable, and there is something touching about their friendship.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this on the way to the airport on a long flight and really enjoyed it!  It has a lot of humor and is a bit on the silly side, but is very well acted and I enjoyed it.  A good movie for the family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good film, no matter what the critics say.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie. I loved it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of this movie. I've seen it a few times since it came out in the 80's. It's a fun, well made little movie with some good acting and well made jokes. The movie is very well done and it makes you laugh at the bad people. It also makes you feel good when you laugh. It has a very cute ending, so it's definitely a movie worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little skeptical at first, but the trailer was a pretty accurate portrayal of the movie, with the only slight change being that the characters were not all the same race.   The plot follows a man named George Miller who is living with his mother who is dying. He is trying to live a normal life and make a good living, but there are a few other issues that come up in this movie.  I enjoyed this movie a lot, I don't know if it is my age, or the fact that I saw it as a kid, but I loved this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing you notice about this movie is the good lighting. This movie is a perfect example of how the lighting and sound are combined to create a mood of a dark and gloomy environment. The actors are very well known and talented actors. They don't try to make a "big name" appearance like some Hollywood movies. This is a real gem of a movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As mentioned above, this is the best movie I've seen so far.   I'm glad to see so many young actors getting their breaks in this movie.  I have to say that it's good to see an old man in a new way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie a lot.  The script is good, and it is funny.    There are some parts where I felt I was watching something that might have been in a children's cartoon, but I did not think that was the case. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie at a college theater on a warm summer evening with my roommate and two friends. The movie itself was not particularly good, but it had a very interesting cast and a wonderful set of locations and characters. I liked this movie because it reminded me of a young James Dean, and it was cool to see that James Dean still had the edge of the world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen the movie, so I can't say how good or bad it is. I'll say that it's good enough to make you laugh out loud at some of the stupid stuff going on in the film.  The movie is about a man who is in a coma after being shot in the head and is in the process of recovering.  What's the point of this movie: - A man who's in a vegetative state has a dream that he's on a farm.  - He's not a farmer.  He's just a simple, unassuming guy.  It seems like the dream is that he'll be back at work, but it never happens.  The man in the coma, however, is the same man who shot the man in that alleyway.   It was one of the craziest dreams that this man has ever had.  In it, he sees the man who was shot.  This is not a dream.  One thing that I love about this movie is the fact that the man is a good guy who doesn't deserve what happened to him.  There's a little bit of a twist to this story, so if you're expecting a story about good guys who have to do the right thing, this is not the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie!   It is a good and funny movie about the death of a man who is not the best person.   This movie is not about the movie star.  It was about a real person and a man that had a terrible life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  The actors are all great and the music is really good.    It was really fun to watch!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:        I had seen this movie a number of times and it's one of those movies that you will watch again and again, so it is a movie that is not only about the military, but also about what happens to the human spirit.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original screenplay of this film, written by the great, Fritz Lang, is a classic of horror cinema. The film is a dark comedy about a family whose lives are turned upside down when the son goes missing, and then finds his way to the mansion where his father, the evil and mad Count Dracula, lives. The story is told through the eyes of a young man who must make a desperate and terrifying journey to the Count's castle in order to rescue his mother. It is a wonderful movie that deserves to be seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've been meaning to do this for a long time, but finally I decided to.   It was directed by Jim Jarmusch.  The plot is very interesting, with the main character as a guy who was involved in the production of a movie called "Herman's Head" in the 1930s.  But, instead of the movie being about Hermann Goering, it is about a guy called Fritz Weitz.  Weitz is a film maker, but he is not very talented.  This is a guy that is on the wrong side of the law, he's involved in crimes that are quite outrageous, and he is always trying to avoid the police.  He is a real character.  It is a very entertaining movie.  I also enjoyed the music, especially the ending.  So, I guess I can't say I hated it, but it was a bit boring for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best thing ever. It is about a boy named Sam (Tim Curry) who is an outcast of his community, because he is a boy who loves his family and does not take things too seriously. He's the only son of the richest family in town, and is teased and made fun of by his classmates. One day a girl named Annie (Hannah Mary Douglas) comes to Sam's school and Sam is invited to her house. He has a great time with Annie and her friends, until he is picked on by a bully named Tommy (George Sanders). One day Tommy is injured in a bike accident, and Sam's teacher tells him he should get an operation, but Annie is very supportive of him. Sam's parents are upset at him because of his behavior, and his mother is even worse. Annie gets him a part time job at the local radio station, and he gets to be an engineer. But Annie's sister and brother-in-law are not pleased with the relationship between Sam and Annie. Annie's brother- in-law has a gun, and she thinks it is a great idea to have Sam accompany her on a hunting trip. They are going to find a bear, and Annie tells Sam to shoot the bear in order to get the bear's scent off her. But Sam gets scared by the sound of the gun, so he hides in a closet. Sam is so afraid of Annie's gun that he has nightmares about being killed by it.  It is a really good movie. It doesn't have many happy endings, but it has a happy ending in a way that is really nice. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a movie as good as the one I'm about to describe, and I've seen quite a few good movies. It has been so long since I've had a good time that I can't remember how the hell it happened. I know that the script is very original, and the movie is funny, and funny is what I look for in my comedies.   It has something to do with the fact that it was shot at the beach, and so it's got a nice sense of the beach in it. The music is good, and it has a lovely ending, and a good ending is always good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit that this was one of the more enjoyable movies I've seen in a while. The storyline is pretty simple and the acting is good as well. It also has a great soundtrack by the way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've always been a fan of the '90s horror subgenre. From the cheesy (and very long) The Blob to the brutal (and even longer) The Devil's Rejects, it was a time when you could feel the excesses of modern filmmaking, and with good reason. I also enjoyed the dark, sexy, twisted thrillers of the 90s, like The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Hostel and The Wicker Man, but I'm glad that the 90's weren't all about horror. They were also a time of great, if short-lived, musical comedies, including, most notably, A Christmas Story, Home Alone, and Step by Step. And that's not even mentioning the great, underrated The Freshman or The Fresh Prince of Bel Air.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As you all know, I am a big fan of the original Star Trek series. It's a TV series that had a huge impact on me and on my love of science fiction.   It was in the late 70s when I first saw Star Trek. I was a very small child then. I'd watch it with my mother who'd take me along to the store where I would wait for hours until the end of the show. It was the first time I ever saw a space ship and it scared the hell out of me. I loved it.  It had a very cool theme song and the first movie, Generations, is a great movie.  In all seriousness, it's an excellent series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the movie. The film is about a kid who is a kid, and a kid's life.  In a movie about a young boy that has no concept of his past, it's a little too simple.    I liked the little scenes where the boy is on the playground and thinks about the past.    I'm not sure what happened to his mom, but I think we need to find out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a few flaws.  The first is that it is very over-the-top and very unrealistic.  It is impossible to believe that the world in which the film is set can actually exist.  There are several scenes that make no sense.  I am not sure what the big deal is about how the earth is surrounded by a ring of mountains.  Maybe if you are in an underground city, and you live in a house built on a rock?  The entire movie takes place inside of an underground cavern, with the "earth" being a sort of cavernous area.  Why not build a bridge or tunnel connecting the earth to the cavern, so that the earth can be accessed by a large, flat disk on top of the cavern?  Why is the sun in the sky?  It would be much easier to have the sun and the stars come out in the daytime.  Also, the film was released in 1972, when the moon was much larger than it is today.  That means that there is a much bigger chance of hitting it on a collision course with the earth.  At least we do not see this happening in this film, although it is a possibility.  Another flaw is the story.  We never see the hero who rescues the girl.  He does not appear at all until the last few minutes of the movie.  This is a serious problem because we never learn why he is saving her.  Perhaps it was his desire to do something for his family.  Or maybe he wanted to show her what life was like on the outside.  Either way, we never know why.  Then, the story of the monster and the rescue is completely unbelievable.  If you are trying to write a movie with an action/adventure plot, and the heroes have to rescue a girl, what better way to do it than by sending in a monster?  Then when the monster is defeated, we get an action sequence of the hero rescuing the girl from the monster's lair.  So this movie is filled with action and adventure.  However, there are also a few scenes that are just plain silly.  First, there is the part where the monster tries to kill the girl by throwing a rock at her.  If a monster is trying to kill a girl by tossing a rock, then there must be something wrong with her eyes, because the monster can not hit her in her eyes.   I
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favorite film ever!   I can't tell if this is just a really good movie, or a truly special movie.   This movie is so unique in every way.  It has a great plot and good acting, it has an incredible soundtrack, and it is just plain fun to watch.  I am glad I discovered this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife was so upset that we didn't go to the movies that she took a picture of the poster on the wall and posted it on facebook.  A friend of mine was also upset with the movie but he loved it!  It's a great movie about a family that travels to a small town in upstate New York.  This is an excellent movie and I think everyone should watch it at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As with most other films about the Vietnam War, there is no real sense of the actual war itself. It's about a bunch of kids who decide to take a trip out to see the Vietnam war for themselves. The real war of course is that in which the United States fought against the Communist Viet Cong in the south of the country and in the north, a civil war which the communists had been fighting against the North Vietnamese Army for about five years by the time of the movie. The movie does not give any detail about the actual fighting in either of these areas, which was mainly in the mountains of the north. There is some shooting of helicopters, the same ones from which we used to fire our Hmong-American allies back in the North. A few shots of the North's military fortifications. The war was raging on both sides of the DMZ. The North Vietnamese were fighting to defend the south against the United Nations (UN) and South Vietnamese soldiers. The South Vietnamese, a relatively small and poor country at the time, were trying to defend against a huge UN force. And both sides, South and North, were getting help from the Soviet Union and China. The two armies also fought each other, and the United Nation forces fought the Communist North Vietnamese and the Communist Nationalist forces (North Vietnamese troops supported by Chinese troops) in the northern part of the south. The United Nations forces were led by the French and British, but the United North Vietnamese troops were led (unofficially) by General Nguyen Ngoc Loan. The UN forces were also supported by the United Kingdom. The Communist North had a much more powerful military than the United Northern forces. The fighting continued for years, and eventually the United nations were able to bring the war to a close. The story begins in the fall of 1969, when a group of children are sent by their parents to see for themselves the war in the country. They visit a military fort, and then the family drives off to see a nearby river, which is used as a river by the Viet Cong. There they are able to observe their military fortification, a small village, and a road which is in use by the South Vietnamese army. The film has a very good sense of atmosphere and mood. There are a few funny scenes, which are also quite effective. There's a nice sequence where the kids get to ride on an old Vietnamese tank. It has a nice long track for the kids to ride down, which the
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . ...   A very good movie.   I was a little worried at first, since it's so hard to tell who's talking. But the movie is about a boy who is born with no hands and can't walk, so his parents give him a pair of hands, and he gets used to them. One day a group of boys come to see him, and they seem to think he's just a doll with no arms.     The movie is very short, but it's very well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In an effort to save the lives of the survivors of a nuclear attack at an old abandoned airbase, a small group of soldiers must get inside a bunker and find a way to the surface.   The story is good.  It is well written.  The special effects are realistic.  A bit more action would have been welcome.  I really like the atmosphere and the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those good, old-fashioned movies that have been done so many times, so often, that they've lost their charm.  It's not a bad movie, but it's not one you'll remember.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sorry to say that I'm really not a fan of movies like this.  This is about a guy who is trying to get a girlfriend who hates him because of his family and doesn't care much for him.    This is one of those movie that I think is made to be watched with other people who will laugh at the silly stuff and make fun of the cheesy acting and the stupid movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie's got a great vibe. It's an adventure story, with a twist at the end. The ending is not a happy ending, but it is the end of an adventure.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think that I have ever watched a movie that had so many things that I loved in it.  I also loved the idea of a guy who lived on a small island and who was obsessed with the movie and with his best friend, who was played by a very good actor.  He lived on the island in a shack that he made from the parts of trees that he cut down.   When I was growing up, we did not have that kind of stuff.  It was all a little primitive, but I loved it. It was a good story about a man who lives in a small town and tries to get out and see the world, while also trying to help his friend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - The story is interesting enough, with an intriguing premise. The characters are well-rounded, and they work well together. The plot is well-constructed and has a good pace to it. It is a good horror film, and the scares are effective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film.  I've seen some really good ones, but never a good one like this.  I have to agree with the other reviews, this movie is not for the faint of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a big fan of the movie "Jaws". This movie is another example of how great a shark movie can be.   The movie follows a group of people in the Florida Keys, in the summer of 1975.  It starts off slow, but soon we have a great shark attack.  The story follows a man named Mark, who is a captain in the Navy.  He meets his ex-wife, Betty, and their son, Tommy.  Betty is a nurse and has taken her son back to Florida to live with her parents.  This leads to a series of adventures, where we meet many characters.  One such character is Sam, a shark who has been out of the ocean for 30 years.  Sam is now a recluse and is at a point where he can no longer survive in the ocean.  When Mark meets Sam, he begins to see things, and realizes that he has been living on the ocean floor for too long.  In order to protect himself from the shark, Mark decides to build a large wooden cage and traps it in the middle of the beach.  At first, it seems to work.  Unfortunately, this only proves to be a temporary solution.  Soon, the shark manages to get through the cage and swim out into the ocean again.  While Mark is trying to figure out how to get rid of the shark again, his son Tommy, a good swimmer, decides to go out into an area called the "Sailor's Island".  When Tommy comes upon the cage, it begins to crack and collapse.  A huge shark attacks Tommy and gets him under water.  Meanwhile, Mark and Betty are now trapped under the wreckage of the cage.  Mark is in a panic, and decides to try and kill the shark.  However, this seems to backfire, as the shark then begins to come up out of his hole.  Eventually, the sharks' jaws smash down on Mark's head, but the shark seems to survive the attack.   The story of "JAWS" is a great tale of survival.  There is a lot of action in this movie, but it is all very well done.  What is most interesting about this movie is that it is about a man who has become obsessed with a man that he once loved.  For the entire movie, we have seen Mark and his love for Betty.  Throughout the movie, it was clear that she was
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film with a great ending.  The ending of this movie is so powerful, you feel like you are going to see your own life flash before your eyes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am glad I saw this film at the age of 14. I was watching it in the late sixties when it was made, and I was not sure what to think about it. But now, more than half a century later, I am impressed by its subtlety, its sense of humour and its overall strength as a film. I can only say that this film is one of the best American films ever made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't like to say that a movie is good if I didn't like it when I first saw it.  The movie doesn't make sense in the slightest, the acting is cheesy and the special effects are all over the place.    There is a great fight scene that is not worth mentioning and a couple of little things that don't really fit into the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The premise is a pretty good one. A group of people from a small town decide to join a travelling circus, because they can't find a job in the town. One day, they find themselves on a tour bus, taking a bunch of people who are apparently from someplace far away. The tour bus gets hit by a truck and is forced to stop at a small place. This place turns out to be a circus, and it turns out that the circus is owned by a man named King Kong. I found this movie to be pretty entertaining, even though it's not really an action film. The film had a pretty interesting plot, but it's a little hard to follow and doesn't have the same intensity as the others. It does have a decent action sequence, though, and if you like those, then you'll probably enjoy this film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the only film I've seen this year that is not a comedy.  There's an odd sort of comedy in this film.    It has the same tone as a certain movie that was very popular in the 90's.  It's a movie about a young woman who's a stripper and a very bad actress.  She's a bit of a nut.  I can't imagine why anyone would watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the spirit of the holiday, I'm posting this one as a "filler".  I've seen this movie before and liked it, but it's a bit of a drag.  The pacing is too fast, the plot is thin, and there's no real emotion at all.  I'd go so far as to say this is a pretty bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot of the movie is quite simple: a beautiful young woman is raped and murdered in a park by a psychopath who has a long history of rape and murder. It's the end of the world as we know it.   We get to see some really cool imagery in this movie. The cinematography is very good, with some great shots and very good angles. The sound is great, the music is good, and the acting is great. The only real weak part of this movie is the writing. I thought the main character was too much of a "girl next door" type of person. She had a very sweet personality, but I thought that she needed to develop more personality. The ending was also not very satisfactory. It felt like the movie was trying to be too clever, but the writing is so bad that it almost ruined the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. I loved the characters, I loved watching this movie over and over. I really enjoyed this movie, and I am very glad that I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a really funny movie about an American actor who is really good at the "act" of being a standup comedian.   But it's also a little bit of a tragedy about a guy who is very nice to his fans and his family, and then when he gets on a plane to visit his family in Hawaii, they're all killed by a plane crash, so he is now in a really weird limbo kind of place.  It was very funny and I thought it was a good, light comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film has a very unique and intriguing plot, that takes us to a place we have never been before. I found myself very curious about the town, as it's a place I have never visited, so I was excited to learn a little more about it. The town is called "The Green", and is an eco-friendly community that has been around for over a century, with no pollution and no waste. The residents of The Green live their lives very simple. They eat what they can grow in their gardens, work for a living, and enjoy the peaceful, beautiful weather. There is no crime or violence, the community has a low crime rate, and all residents are very friendly.   While The Green may look very peaceful, the residents have a darker side to them, as there is a secret that has slowly been unfolding over the years.  A dark secret that threatens to bring down the community and the whole world.  This movie was really fun to watch, and I enjoyed the movie as much as I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of The Green Mile (1996) is a little hard to follow, but it is a good story with a nice twist in the end.   For me, The Green Man was a little more enjoyable than The Green Mill, but the two are very much alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't want to get all political about this movie, but let me say that this movie is worth a watch.   It is based on the book "Lone Survivor" by Kurt Russell.  This movie is more than a little different.  It features a very cool and cool looking man who plays a part.  There are many characters that are not featured in this movie.  You might find yourself laughing at a lot of things.  I will say this movie does not feature Kurt Russell at his best.  He is not really that good in this one.  But you can't help but smile and enjoy the movie. It is good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie like this, so when I heard that it was a documentary about a former US Marine and former prisoner of war who was tortured by the North Koreans I had to see it. The film is well made and well acted. It's hard to watch this and not feel sorry for the guy. The movie tells the story of a young Marine named Jimmy Carter (who I believe was named after President John F. Kennedy) and his friend Bill Burkett (who was actually a North Korean intelligence agent) who were imprisoned by the Kim dynasty. The first part of the movie takes place in the Kim's prison camp and the second part is in North Korea and Jimmy Carter's house. The second part gives an account of how the Kims were able to take over North Korea from the Americans. It has a bit of a feel to it, but it doesn't have much of a plot and it doesn,t really have any real dramatic moments. Jimmy Carter was able to get out of North Korea through a combination of good luck, and good planning. He was able too because he had a friend who knew how to get in and out of the country. The last thing he did was take a couple of his family with him, which probably saved his life. The story is a bit hard to follow, and it's hard for me to really relate to Jimmy Carter. I think he was a bit stupid, but he got a lot out of it and the Kim regime was so cruel and evil, it's a wonder that he didn't get killed or tortured in some other way. If you have a chance, I recommend watching this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit I have seen the movie several times, and each time I was pleased by its presentation and execution.   There are several interesting ideas and themes that are explored and then explored again and again.  There is a good balance of humor, drama and action.  The film is a wonderful combination of suspense, action and comedy.  As a fan of the genre, I was thrilled to see a remake of the classic film.  I am certain that there are many people who have seen this film, and I bet that there were many of you reading this review.  Thank you for taking the time to read this review! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very good action movie that was not too long in the making.  It is a nice movie and the action scenes are very good.  The story is about a boy who has a dream and wakes up as a ninja.  This is a great story and a very nice movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The ending of this movie was very touching.    I've never seen a movie with the ending so touching. It was so realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the 1970's, a young American writer was sent to an isolated island off the coast of British Columbia to write a book about a white fisherman who goes on a killing spree on the island.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fantastic adventure from the director of such classics as "The Great Escape" and "The Last of the Mohicans". I really enjoyed this film. It has an intriguing story line that keeps you guessing, and keeps you wondering if things are as they seem.   I'm not sure how much more I could say about this movie. It's a very enjoyable movie that will keep you busy for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a very "classic" feel to it. I like it, I really do.  I'm a sucker for a good romance and I liked this one very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very enjoyable movie.  If you're a fan of John Carpenter, and a fan the style and atmosphere of his films, you need to watch this.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this movie is about a young girl named Anna who has a very sick father. Anna's father is a very bad person and so is her mother.  Anna goes to live with her uncle on a farm in a remote location.    The uncle is a cruel and cruel man who does not treat his family very well.  The story is very disturbing and I do not recommend this movie for the squeamish. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good looking film.  The costumes were great, and the acting was good.    It's also got a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The last of the greats" "I've always wanted to make a film about the war and about a real person and it's a pleasure to make it." - Peter Brook "This film is a remarkable achievement, a masterpiece." - John Sturges "A powerful film." - Michael Redgrave "This is a real triumph of cinema." - Ken Russell "The greatest film of the 20th century" - Martin Scorsese "The finest film ever made" - David Lean "An epic tale" - Stanley Kubrick "A masterpiece" - Brian De Palma "A film of enormous power and imagination" - Roman Polanski "An astonishing film" - Anthony Minghella "An extraordinary film" "A masterful film" A great movie with a powerful message about the evils of war. One of the most influential movies ever made, and I am sure will be remembered for a very long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has all the right ingredients to be great. A fantastic, original script, well-acted and well-written. A strong, engaging lead, and a cast of fine actors. The special effects are wonderful, and the cinematography is also wonderful. This movie really has all that you could want in a movie: an interesting story, well acted, and great special effects.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. I mean, it was just a story of a boy and his little sister going on a road trip. What can I say, it's a family movie, and one that's really cute, especially for a kid. The plot is pretty simple. The boy and girl are on a cross country road trip, and then the sister has to go back to the states for a visit. But then she's kidnapped by a mysterious guy who's in the same boat as the boy, but he's a little more devious than the boy. The movie was actually made in the 50's, and I think it's funny to see it today. The music is also pretty good, and the acting was really well done, especially by John Wayne. It's also funny that the story is taken from a children's book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting little movie. The story takes place over several years in a small town. It is about a group of people who are trying to get to the top of the mountain by any means necessary. There is a little twist at the end that I like. I don't know about anyone else but I think it is funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first film that I have ever seen that made me cry. It made me want to live. It makes me wonder if anyone has ever made a movie like this before. I watched this when I was a kid and it is still the best thing I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    So much better than I expected. The film is excellent. The writing is perfect and the acting is fantastic. I loved it!   I think it is the first time I've watched a movie where the whole thing is played out by a single man. I found that a little funny, as well as a little poignant.  I'm not usually a huge fan of the "movies with a soundtrack" genre, but this one definitely made me sit up and take notice.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good action movie.   The main character is an ex-biker who comes back to town after a year in prison.  He has the ability to take a bullet and survive.  It is fun and exciting to watch him do what he does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was good.   It had a bit of humor, and the characters were a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't expect much from this movie. I was in a little restaurant in my local town. It was my friend's birthday and she wanted to go out to the local shopping mall and see a movie. Well it didn't take long for me to realize this movie wasn't that great. I didn�t find anything to like. The story seemed so contrived and contrived I wasn�t even interested in watching it. The music was very out of place. The ending of the movie was disappointing. The movie was too long and I didn?t care to watch it. I'm not sure how much of a disappointment this movie is.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film that shows that even a movie about an old-fashioned family farm is worth watching. The acting is good and the story is good. This movie is a good one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has been around for a long time and has not aged very well. This is one of the only true westerns and it is about a little boy and his family. I was not a fan of the original and this remake is not a great remake. The character is just the same. The actor is pretty good and the script is a good one. It is just a short and sad little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how to make a good horror film. There are many good scenes, the movie doesn't waste any time, and the gore is well done. I would recommend this to anyone who loves good horror films.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think I have the biggest crush on this movie. It's so well made, so beautifully acted, and so wonderfully thought out. I'm not sure if it was just an inspiration for the writers of this day, or if it actually was based on an actual event. But either way, it's wonderful.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the movie is about the right kind of romance, a romance between two very different, yet equally flawed characters.  It's a fun movie and the soundtrack is very good.  I have only one negative comment.  The first half of the movie (the part that was filmed in England) is very much a parody of the English countryside, so much so that I'm surprised no one pointed out this at the time.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a very good feeling about this movie. This is not a movie that tries too hard to be something it is not. The movie does not pretend to be a documentary. This movie is very real. I love this movie because I can really feel the pain and heartbreak the family has gone through. It is the kind of movie that makes you feel sad, but you feel it in the best way possible. This one is one of those movies that is not for everyone. It does not have the same impact on you that the last one did. I think that is because this movie is more about the real lives of the people involved.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good action movie in a nice setting.   The best action movie I've seen in years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film opens with the "greatest" movie ever, "Dr. No". You know, the one with Cary Grant and Julie Andrews? The one that's about a British spy who is on a mission to infiltrate a Nazi base and save the world? Well, it's a little more realistic in the last act than I remember it. It's also a little darker in that it's almost as if we are watching a real life event (and, like I said before, it has some very beautiful shots of London). It's actually very difficult to think of anything bad to say about this movie. It might have been a little better if it had been about the "real life" Dr. No. I mean, it could have been but then that would have spoiled the whole thing. It would have been great but it would have ruined the film.   There are two very bad things about this film. One is the acting. There is a lot of acting and it's mostly terrible. We have two good actors in the cast, but they are both terrible. Cary Grant does nothing right. I always hated him when he was in films. He is always playing a villain. He's not that good an actor, but I suppose that's why he is in so many films. It is also a shame that this movie is about a guy who dresses up in a silly hat. You can't have a good man in a bad movie. There's something wrong with that. The other bad thing about this is that it was filmed in England, and, if that's all you knew about the British film industry, it would be a pretty boring film. But if you had more knowledge about it, you might find something good in it.   the only thing that I don't like about this "film" is the ending. I liked it in the beginning but when the Nazis are going to invade the city, they all get dressed in their best outfits and the movie just stops. They all stand around talking, then the camera pulls back and we see a shot of the "city" which is empty. I guess it's supposed to be a great film. If you don't think so, I'll just say that I liked this movie very much. I don the original, it was a real treat to watch and I loved every minute of it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first thing I noticed about this film is the title. It says so much about what is being presented in this film. The first half of this film consists of a short and violent encounter between two boys and the consequences of their actions. The second half focuses on the family of the boy that was killed.   In the beginning we meet the boys, Jack and Harry. Jack and his brother are both involved in gangs. Jack has a tendency to get into trouble. Harry has a brother who gets into all kinds of trouble. Both Jack and Henry want out of the gangs and join the Navy. Harry's brother is a Navy man and they all want him to join.    Jack and Frank are in a fight over Frank's girlfriend. Jack is knocked out by a punch and then Harry gets into a fight with a guy who is a bully. Frank sees this and tries to stop the fight, but is knocked down by Harry. Frank then starts a fight of his own with a gang member.  In the end Jack's brother Henry comes over and tries for a handshake.  In this movie the only good thing I can say about the story is that it starts out with a bang and keeps on going. It has a really good sense of pace and when the boys have to be separated for the first time, there is a lot of tension. I really like how the characters in this movie were portrayed. I would not call them good actors, but the way they acted was just enough to make the scenes work.  The way the film was shot was excellent. It is well shot, well acted, well lit and well edited.  It is very dark and I would say that the film would be even better in black and white. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "The King of Comedy" is a delightful movie that takes a humorous look at the life of the most famous clown in the world. There is a lot of humor to be found in this movie, but it's not as funny as it could be. There are many laughs to be had and there is also a good dose of horror.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that is really hard to explain. It is like a science fiction movie with a little bit of action and romance mixed in. I think this movie is a little too much for the little kid to handle. If you like science fiction or action movies you should give this a try. It can be a little rough around the edges, but there is plenty of humor to go around.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good film. It had a good plot, good acting, and a good villain.  I liked the twist ending.  5 out of 5 stars 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film, it's well made and there is some nice action set pieces. I also found the movie enjoyable, which is a little surprising for a film of this genre.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first film of the new trilogy, in which we follow a new-to-the-series protagonist named Jack. He is a former Special Forces soldier, a master of disguise and a skilled marksman, but he is a man with no faith in his abilities and no real sense of purpose. As a result, Jack becomes an assassin for a drug lord who runs a local heroin trade. His work is mostly done through the use of a powerful electronic device, and although he makes a few decent kills (and manages to get some of his victims to reveal some of their secrets), his abilities are never really put to good use. This is a pretty standard story, with some very good action sequences. The movie also has a few amusing moments, like Jack's repeated attempts to make the drug lord's daughter pregnant.   I liked this movie a lot. It had a nice mix of action and drama, and the movie was pretty good at giving a good performance from the cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was surprised by how good this movie is.   The story of the movie is that of a young woman who travels to America from India.  She has come to find her husband and son.  I like this movie because of the romance it has.  Also, the special effects are excellent.  It has been said that this movie was the movie of the year, which makes me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's not a bad movie. It's got its good points and its bad points. The good points: 1. Great plot. 2. Great acting. 3. Great effects. 4. Great music. 5. Great action. 6. Great stunts. 7. Great direction. 8. Great characters. 9. Great cinematography. 10. Great special effects.   I was pretty much all in for this movie. I enjoyed the whole movie. The action scenes were pretty good, especially when they came in close up. There were times when they weren't so good, but I could forgive them because the action scenes in general were really good.  The movie is based on a novel called "The Man with the Atomic Brain" written by the great Stephen King. It is an awesome movie and I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie!   This is a good film.   There are some funny scenes and it is a little bit silly and I'm a bit bored with it, but I'm going to keep watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has an ending which is very satisfying and has a sense of closure which is much needed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a real gem.   A movie of pure comedy, the only thing that could make it better is the music.  This movie is worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie a lot. It was very interesting and well acted. It really brought me back to the days of the 1970's, when the movie stars were still in their prime. I also liked the fact that there were no special effects in this movie, only good acting and good production. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like a good good action movie. This is just about the best one I have seen in a while. It's really great to see an action movie that isn't about the action. It has some nice characters and is full of humor. The special effects are awesome, but the best part is that it's got great action. I am not usually a fan of this kind of action, but this one is very good and will keep me interested for a long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movies I have seen. It has a story that makes you think and feel and make you laugh. The actors are great and the music is wonderful. The special effects are fantastic and this is a good old-fashioned adventure movie. I am sure you will enjoy this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character, Paul (Jeff Goldblum) is an eccentric and quirky man with a big heart. He was raised by his father, an alcoholic who had a wife and kids who was sickly. Paul was always a bit of a trouble maker and ran away to college. He had an amazing time and got to know a lot of the college students. He ended up living in a fraternity house and had a great time. When he returned home he decided to go out with a girl who was a bit weird. She seemed nice enough, but she ended up killing herself. Paul then went into a rage and went to a party. He met some girls at the party and decided to have sex with them.  He had a really good time and ended up having a relationship with one of the girls. He kept trying to find the girl, but it was too hard.   It seems like it takes Paul years to find out what happened.  Posted by David B. at 4:18 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little bit slow but its worth it, It has a great soundtrack and great action!   Derek: The only good thing I can say about this movie is that the music is good and the characters are likable. I don't think it was good to be in the audience but there are better films out there. I'm not sure if the producers intended it as a good thing but it was.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was a good film to see.  It's a bit of a mystery story, but with the action in it, it's a pretty good action film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great film that captures the essence of a man's life.   He loves his wife, he loves his children and he loves the mountains. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a classic, and it's good that it was made in 1939.  It's set in the Depression and takes place during the great depression, which is a bad time for people to be living in such squalid conditions.  It's a good little film that I could watch over and over again, because it's not a movie about the Depression per se, it's about the people who lived through the Depression.  I have a feeling that most of the people on the screen have never experienced it themselves.  A must see for any fan of Depression era films.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about a really nice guy that loves to surf and play sports. It's not that he can't be a bad guy, it's just that he does a lot of really good stuff in this movie.  If you like bad guys that do good things, this is a good guy movie. Posted by Scott at 4:59 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. I've never seen a movie this good.   It has all the ingredients to become a classic.  It's really about an old man who has lived a very dull life. His wife died years ago and the family moved to the country, where he grew old. Now, he is a very old man, and he lives alone. His son, who was a good child until he was nine, has a very bad temper.  He gets into a fight with his friend, who is a thug, and the result is that the friend gets killed.  The old man feels very sorry about it and decides to make up with his son. He tells him that he was a bad boy and that he shouldn't do what he did.  This goes on for a while, and it is very sad. But then it gets very funny, very fast.  What is funnier than that? The old men arguing. It's very funny.  I had no idea how good this movie is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My second visit to San Francisco. It was the first time I had ever seen a black woman in a white neighborhood. I can't imagine how many times I've seen it. It's a must see. I think they could have used a little more color. The people were so nice. I had never been to a movie theater. I walked in and I just sat there. I thought the place looked like it was run by a black family. I have a few black friends and I really liked it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A solid, well-paced, and thoroughly enjoyable movie about a man who lives alone in a cabin in the woods, with no TV or radio, no phone, no money, no hope. But then, one day he happens upon a strange book which contains a strange poem which he deciphers and reads it to a man named Tom who lives a few miles away.  This leads Tom to bring him over to live with him and they live a happy life together for a while, until the strange poem gets written up in the local paper and Tom decides to publish it. _________________________________________ If you haven't seen this movie before, do yourself a favor and watch it. This movie has everything: an interesting premise, a good cast of characters, and a very effective use of humor.  Posted by Peter D. Lewis at 8:18 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time I've seen a film about a superhero. The film does not have a super-human factor. There are a lot of people in the film that are not superheroes.  The film is a good watch and it is not over long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an awesome movie. I had the pleasure of watching this movie with my girlfriend. I liked this movie so much, it's one of my favorite movie from all time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are two films in this movie. The first one is called The Night Stalker. It is a film that has a very nice look and sound and it is a very well done film. The film starts off with a bad guy being chased through the streets. He ends up in a bar where there is a bunch of girls watching a film and it has a good story and an interesting plot.   When the bad guy gets to the bar, he sees the girl that he wanted to rape and it starts a bad situation.  The girl tries to stop him but he does not want to hurt her and the situation gets worse.  He takes off in a car to a farm and there he meets a woman and they have sex and she leaves him alone. He goes back to the woman and he goes back into the bar and is able to rape her and he kills the girl.  It is an interesting film and I like the film a lot. It has a nice plot and the story is good and the film looks good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie that is a lot of fun. It is not the most original movie I have seen, but it is a good one and it is funny.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a big fan of the movie   (well, I am really, really a fan.   )   It's a fun film to watch.  The film is set in the 1950's, and follows a group of teens who are all trying to become the greatest martial arts experts in America.  Some of the characters are a bit silly, but they are still good fun to watch and get excited about.  I found the movie very interesting.  It was like a mix of some action movies of the 60's, with the martial arts films of the 80's, along with some other stuff.  A lot of the stuff is just fun to see.  If you like martial arts, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic.   There's a lot of great things in this movie, from the performances to the great visuals.  It's also a lot like the movies from the early 80s: a bit dated, but still great.  - August 29, 2008A classic
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard the old-timey tune "Cats have nine lives" a few times before and thought it was a clever way to describe the way cats are. I guess it's an old-fashioned view, but it's not just a view. The movie really makes a point about cats. I was always under the impression that cats never change and I was pleasantly surprised to find this movie shows that they do change. They get sick and they get old and they die, and the movie shows how it happens. It's not a nice death; it's sad, and it happens for a good reason. The old cat who gets sick is a very good friend of the protagonist. He gets ill because of the man who is the main character's father. The father does some kind of experiment on him that makes him very ill, and he gets a cat. The cat is a good friend to the boy and to the cat. When the boy has to leave his mother's house and he's gone a long way, the cat and the boy go to the sea to get the last bit of food they need. They are both sick and the cat dies because he cannot swim. The boy gets his father to go to a doctor. When he returns, the doctor sees the cat has died and he is a sick, old cat. He does not have a chance to say goodbye to the other cats, but he is allowed to say "Goodbye" to the sick cat and he leaves the room in a very dignified way. The good cat has a great death because he has a chance.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie is pretty clever; it's a film about a young boy who loves the sea, but at the same time hates the sea. This is very much like the story of the Little Mermaid, only the Little Merman has no love for the sea and hates it in his heart. He also has a nasty habit of eating the fish he catches; it makes him look like a big, mean fish-lover, which is the least he could do. However, the film has the good fortune to feature the most charming, likable and beautiful young girl that we've ever seen. The film doesn't rely on her looks, but she is the most attractive thing about this movie; she is beautiful as well as sweet, kind and loving. She is the best part of the movie and her beauty is not only the reason why the sea is loved by her, but also the reason she wants to help the little Merman out in his sea-loving quest.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really a good one, and a good horror movie.  The main character is a pretty typical one, the same kind of guy you see in every other horror movie, except he is a vampire.  He is the only one in the village that knows how to use a weapon.  It is pretty well done and there are no cheesy jump scares here, the atmosphere is good, and the acting is good.  Overall, it is a good, good, movie, especially if you like vampire movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie. It's pretty much a "what if" of the movie "The Exorcist." The movie doesn't really go that far into the occult or the occult world. It really just focuses on the psychological horror that a little girl has to deal with. The movie is not a "torture porn" film. It is more psychological and creepy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit hesitant at first to watch this movie.  It's about a guy who lives alone in a tiny cabin and has a dog (who's name is the cat) that he raises by himself.    He doesn't get along with the local kids, who are also living alone and raise their own dogs.  He also doesn't seem to have any friends.  The story is quite interesting and quite funny.  It's just a little sad that no one else lives with the same cat.  I'm glad this movie was made and hopefully it will be made again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I'll ever have another movie like this one. I'll be sure to keep the dvd in my collection.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end, this movie was an enjoyable and entertaining watch.  I'd recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good story with a good cast of actors.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies ever made. It has a great plot and it is creepy, creepy, and still creepy even after all these years. The only thing I don't like about it is the soundtrack. I can't stand the music that is played during the movie. The music is so bad, so out of place, and it sounds so bad that it sounds like it was recorded at the studio of an old bluesman, not at a soundstage. The acting is good and you will be surprised at how good the performances are by the cast. I have never seen anything like this movie and I'm glad that I did. It's one of those rare films that is a great movie in a bad movie format. This movie is a classic and will be re-watched often. It really is a must see!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good story, a very good movie.  The film is a classic, it's got everything a great movie should have: good acting, good music, a good storyline and an end which leaves you wondering where to go next.  My only criticism is that the movie didn't seem to be able to decide on a plot, which is odd since it's supposed to be a comedy.    I hope this movie doesn't get the movie made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was surprised at how much I liked this movie. I think it's very funny and there's a lot of slapstick in it. It's not very long so it's perfect for a quick movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A couple of months ago I saw the movie The Other Guys. I've seen it a couple of times since then, and I was surprised to see how much of an impact it had on me. I don't normally like to see movies that are just action-packed action-filled action, but this movie is really a different animal. I think that this movie has a lot of potential, and is probably one of the best action movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched once when I was a little kid. I can remember being very young and being fascinated with the old style film-making.  The music is a little cheesy and it does have that old school feel to it, but it's a fun little flick with some awesome acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great film with a fantastic score, a well-acted film with some great action scenes, a very good script and a great cast.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first time watching this movie and I liked it.   It's pretty interesting and not really scary, but still it's an entertaining film with a nice soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the better things that came out of the first film:  This is a pretty decent action movie that takes some interesting chances. The story is about a bad guy who has an army of ninjas, and is able to kill a whole village and then come back to life. He is sent to destroy a city that is defended by ninjas. The ninja that are defending the city are able to defeat the bad guy, and then he is sent back to the land of the dead. The movie is fun, action packed, and it's a great example of how good ninjas can be.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been waiting for this movie for over a year now. I like the way the movie tells the story. I've read it in the old school books. The story is about a girl who gets lost in the forest and decides to go on a journey. I liked the way she got lost in her way, and the way I liked it.  I think it is a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, it is quite obvious that the directors have a great eye for a scene. The story is based on a real life event. In 1978, a schoolgirl was brutally gang raped in a Delhi bus and died of her injuries a few months later. The film depicts the aftermath and attempts to find justice for the girl's family. The plot is quite simple. The director has made the plot interesting and the performances of the main actors are good. The only downside I can find is that the movie is a little too long. There is a lot of sex in this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of the TV series since I saw it in the early '90's. It's a nice mixture of humor and horror, which makes it quite good. The story has been done a number of times before, but it's a fun twist on the "The Evil Dead" theme.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what more I can say about this movie. I don�t even know where to begin. It is the first in a series of films I have been involved with. We had a great time doing this. I have to say that I found this to be a very funny film. It has a great plot, but I have a hard time imagining it being very entertaining. I would love to see this movie again and again. I will certainly be looking forward to watching the next one. - July 27, 2004Good Time
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was in awe of the acting, the directing, and the direction. The cinematography is excellent, and all the characters are clearly drawn. The story, the ending, and it's ending, were all great.      
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an interesting little story.   The film has a fairly realistic portrayal of a very interesting place.  This film has the same type of feel to it as the stories from the first three books in the trilogy, "The Princess Bride."   I'm not sure if the characters are all good or bad, but I am a fan of them all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the better horror movies I have seen, but not the best.  It had a really cool look, but the acting was not that good, especially the actor who played the murderer.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie that is as good as it is creepy.  The atmosphere is chilling, and I could never get over the fact that they used a movie in which a child has an unexplained, life-like deformity as the theme song for the movie.  The ending is also so satisfying that I wanted more!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Hollywood, you made me laugh! I laughed so hard when the bad guy came out with his big gun, and the good guy with his giant hammer came running out and killed the baddie with the hammer!  It was so funny!"
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how a movie about the Nazis, and the SS is just like the movies you love from the 70's and 80's.  The acting is really good, especially the young people (I am not sure if they were all in it at the same time).  It is hard to watch when the movie shows the SS and the Nazis at the exact same time.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie about the end of the world. I didn't see it before because I have a tendency to forget movies after a few minutes. I think it's about a man who lives alone in a house with a dog. The dog runs away at the end and this leads him to discover a box of coins. He takes them home and finds that it's not money, it's a ticket to the afterlife. He gets on the train, goes to heaven, and gets to meet Jesus. I have to admit that it sounds a little silly and that it was only a short movie. It is worth seeing for the comedy alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a movie fan I had a lot of expectations to live up to but this movie lived up to them.   I love the story line, the acting is excellent, the story, the special effects, the music and I'm a sucker for a good plot twist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When it came to the climax of this film, I was hoping for a little more violence than we were provided with, but I was surprised at how little it was in this film.  The story is pretty interesting and is well-written and it has a good cast of characters, although they are a little stereotypical and that could be a little annoying, but it doesn't make it any less entertaining to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen this movie yet but I've heard good things about it so I was excited to see it.  The movie is about a group of guys who are going to a big party where they are all going to get wasted.  After a night of getting drunk at the party the guys get a call from a local radio DJ saying there's a big fight going on and if they're there before it starts then they could get in the middle of it.   The guys agree to go and they do, getting more and more drunk each time.    As the night goes on and things get more and  more out of control the guys start to realize that they're getting very high on the party, taking drugs, and having sex with women.  Eventually they end up at a local bar where a woman in the back says she's been hit by a car and needs a ride.  Once they get there, they end  .   up having sex in the parking lot.  As soon as they get home they all go to sleep.    After the guy wakes up, he notices he's been given a very expensive watch by the woman and the guys decide to take the watch as a present.  After getting the watch they decide to go to a local strip club, which is closed and won't let anyone in.  The next day they decide they want to go back to the bar, but after seeing how many women are in there, the guys realize that there is no way they can all go in there and get drunk in a club.  They all decide to have sex at the bar and end up all getting very drunk.  It ends up being an all-out riot and the guy at the strip club has to call the police. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very nice film and a good story with a well written ending. The film was shot in beautiful black and white.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I like your movie. I don't like your attitude. I like your film. I think it's really great. And I can't get enough of it. I hope to see more from you." - Michael Douglas, on a recent visit to the set, the same location where the original movie was filmed in 1970. I'm really sorry to hear that you're having health problems, but I hope you get well soon. I wish I had a friend who I could see you and tell you that you were one of my favorite actors. You really made a great movie, and I really hope it gets some recognition soon. - James A. Moore, from the original Star Wars 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is all about the power of love.   And a bit of comedy, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good film, that is a good story. The only problem with the film is the amount of violence and the fact that it is based on a true story. But the story and the acting are great.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been to a horror movie that wasn't a fake out, but this is one of the more convincing ones I've seen.    I'm not going to say it's perfect, but it's a good enough movie to give me a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "You have to keep your eye on the ball and the ball is the bad guy.  And we're never going to let him escape!"  I've never seen a film with such a great villain like this before.    I love how all the bad guys are so different, the way they dress, the weapons they carry.  It's just a brilliant film that keeps you hooked, until the end.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot of this movie is rather complex. It has a good story, great action scenes and a good villain. I really enjoyed this movie and I hope to see more like it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was born in 1948. I remember the movie being made in 1954, which was the first movie in which I was really interested in. I still have the movie, but never really watched it in any detail. I was just a kid then, but I've been watching more and more movies since. I am a very slow movie-goer, so I watched this movie in the afternoon. I found it to be very interesting.   The story is not exactly original.  This movie was made in the 1950s, in which time the movie business was going down. So the movie is a satire on the movie industry of that time.  It was made by John Landis, who was a great comedy director.  As for the plot, it's pretty much a retelling of the story of Sleeping Beauty.  There are plenty of similarities between the plot of this movie and the story in Sleeping Beauty, and also, it is very reminiscent of the stories of Cinderella and Sleeping Beauty in the Grimm fairy tales.  A few people have pointed out similarities between this movie to the story "The Last Picture Show".   The movie is very good, it has a very good plot and some good gags.  I give this movie a 5 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the movie, the action was good, the script was good.    If you like movies about guns, like "The Rifleman", this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece! The music, the plot, the acting, the makeup, the costume, the special effects and the direction by the great Peter Jackson are all great. This movie was not very good, but the director is so talented that you forget about the shortcomings and just enjoy the spectacular movie! I saw this movie in a 7-day-weekend so I didn't see the whole movie in one day. The movie was like an amazing dream!    This was one of the best films I have ever seen. I was hooked for weeks and months! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very good, and very funny!   You have to be able to laugh at yourself for most of the movie, because the humor is just so darn good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good, fun movie with great acting, and a pretty good story. I think that all of the characters are fairly likable. There's not much else to say about it, as it's a great movie with a lot of laughs.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie from a good director, and it's always fun to watch a movie that's not really all that good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is about a guy who gets in an accident and goes to a hospital where he meets the nurses who seem to know a lot about him. He asks for his blood and his life is saved but he's left with no clue of what's happened.  I am going to give this a 4 star rating because the plot is solid and the characters are interesting and well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a fun little story about a young couple (and a little boy) who go to the moon for the first time.  The story is told from the couple's perspective and you will find that there is a good deal of humor in this little film.  This movie is not too long and is entertaining from beginning to end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the movie.   There are two things about the movie that bother me:  First, the movie does not go far enough.  We get to know a bit of the background and a bit about the lives of the kids and the parents, but we have not learned a lot about the parents and what is going on in their lives.  They may be great people who love their children and are very responsible parents, and they may be a loving couple, but they are not really clear about what is really going on, and we never see them go into a room and look into a book and say "Hmm"   The parents are not even a mystery; they are just good people.  The story of their relationship is not as interesting as I would have liked.  And the movie is a bit too long.  A more intense movie, with some better dialogue, would have been good.  I have not seen the second part of the movie, but I hope it will be better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was fun to watch! It is a good old fashioned adventure movie. The cast of the movie were all great. The story was simple but was interesting to watch. I would recommend this movie to any fan of old school movies and westerns. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is not a perfect one, but it's definitely worth a watch and I highly recommend it. It's a dark comedy with a little bit of action, but I enjoyed the whole thing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie "The Shining" is an incredibly bad movie that is not worth watching. The plot is very simple: a young man (played by Jack Nicholson) stays with his family at a house in the woods for a few days and gets very drunk. When his family has a nightmare about a giant man coming out of a well, he wakes up and sees a giant ice-man (played here by the famous Richard O'Brien) and a giant rabbit (played once again by Richard OBrien). The man is not happy at all and runs away. The rabbit goes off and tells the man that the world is ending, so he is not to go out and see it. He tells the family to wait for him and then they hear a noise and see the man coming down the hill. They run and scream and scream as the giant rabbit tries to catch them and they run through the snow. Finally they get to the house and there is no giant man in the snow and they have to wait there and go crazy. There is one little girl, played by Linda Hamilton, who is a bit of a child and is fascinated by the rabbit, who has a small voice. This movie is really bad. The acting is awful, and the music is bad. But it's still better than a lot of bad movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I think this is one of the better films I've seen in a while."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great!  It is the sequel to a cult classic.  I was a bit disappointed when it was first released, but now I have seen it a few times and I like it better and better.    It is a good, strong story that keeps the viewer entertained for the whole movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this film quite a bit, but I would have liked to see a little bit more of the main character and his "family". The story does have a bit of a "drama" aspect to it, but this is more so in the way it's structured than the story itself. There is a little over half an hour of film left to be had, so I hope this is all I can see of the film, but it is certainly worth seeing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very entertaining film.   It has a good script with a good plot.  It is not too scary at all, and that is a plus in my book.  There are a lot of "sad" scenes, but not as bad as I had feared.  Overall, a good film that will keep you entertained until you can take a cold shower.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit more dramatic than I expected, but it is not a bad movie.  It is good for a laugh, and it will make you want to watch the rest of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a young man who has an accident on his way home from work. His motorcycle goes out of control, and it's the first time in his life he's ever crashed.  His motorcycle doesn't stop running, and he gets himself out of the wreckage on his own.   He ends up in a ditch, and then has to crawl along for a while, until he finally makes it to the road.  He's a little worried about his leg, but his girlfriend (played by the awesome Sharon Stone) shows up to give him a ride home.  Then, as the movie progresses, the two of them get more and more involved in each other's lives.  I like this movie because it's got a good plot, and lots of good acting, which helps it to stay interesting.  And the soundtrack is great too.  The best scene in the movie is the one when the young man has to walk across a bridge to get home. This scene was really fun to watch, and the movie made it look easy.  This movie also has a really cool ending, which is pretty much like the ending of a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie and I hope you do too.    The movie is about a young girl (a young woman) who is a very special young woman.  I don't know about you but I love young girls who have a little bit of a bad attitude.  It is funny and sweet.  The ending was very satisfying.  This movie is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My son and I have been wanting to see this movie for years. I love the fact that we have a girl who gets turned into a cat for one reason and one reason only. I don't think there is a more awesome transformation! I just hope it doesn't hurt as much to see the transformation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie since it came out in 1991. I really enjoyed it.    The film is about a little boy who finds a stuffed animal and decides to keep it as a pet. The film follows the little boy and his pet as they go on adventures in the park. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this film to be quite well done. There were a few technical problems, but they were minor.   The film begins with a man's father being killed by a car driven by a criminal. The man's mother, a social worker, tries to keep the criminal away from the man's family, but it doesn't work. The criminal is eventually arrested.  ....  The police search for the criminal. He has a wife, and he has a young daughter. He's a car thief. He lives in a house on the top of a mountain. There's a lot of stuff going on there. And there are some nice shots of the mountains.   of the "mountain" and the "house" (there's a very nice little home-made clock in there) are nicely done. The "house," it appears, is actually a hotel.     After the arrest of the criminal, the father tries to help the family, and his wife tries to talk him out of it. He thinks he can't afford to be too much of a martyr. He decides that he has to go to court. But he gets lost in a forest. There he meets an old woman, and they become friends. She shows him a book, a very old book. It's a guidebook, written by a traveler named Gomorrah. She's told him that a man named Ganther is traveling the country, looking for the lost city of Gomorah. He says that he'll return in four months. But the family and the old woman are concerned.  , but the old man is concerned, too. There is a "secret," which the old lady thinks might be the key to finding Gomora.   (This is the story of how the old traveler found Gomoroah. He was given a book of old tales about the lost cities of Gormor. But Gomoran was the name of a city that Gomoryrah was supposed to be on.)   There's a scene with the old people and the man in the house. They talk about the "secret." They think it might be some kind of poison. But it's just the book of Gromorrah's adventures. They're going to find Gomoriah. But then they find the old "woman" and Gomori (the old woman). It turns out that the old person is an old
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My review is for this great movie "Mommie Dearest".   A man goes to a psychiatrist who tells him he's a good looking man with a great personality.   He has a wife who he loves and who loves him.  His parents are dead and his wife has a bad temper.    The husband is a drunk and the wife is a crazy woman who can't be calmed down.  The wife says things to the husband like "I'm going to have you locked in a room like a monkey" and "Your wife won't stop talking about me".  And she does.  So the husband takes a shotgun and goes into the house and finds his wife dead in the bathtub.  She was shot in the heart.  But she had done it herself.  I think she loved the husband, but he wasn't going to give her up.  He is still the loving husband she loved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found it to be a very good movie. It's about a guy that finds a guy who is hiding out from a crime he committed. It takes place at a bar where the owner is getting ready for a big night out.   As for the movie, it is very good. The movie was a little slow, but I didn't really mind because I liked the guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a movie with the most beautiful soundtrack I've ever heard. I found it very funny, and I laughed out loud.   The story of a little girl who goes to the ocean to fish and is almost killed is a classic, but with this story of this little girl being saved, it's a perfect story to end the summer with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched The Thing  many times since it came out, and I'm always glad to have it in my collection. I remember seeing it in theaters as a kid and the fact that it's a bit of a classic.    A small group of scientists have been trapped on an isolated Antarctic island for years. One of them is a young scientist named Frank Poole who's become obsessed with the possibility that a gigantic, unknown organism exists there.  He begins to find evidence of the beast on his island, such as huge tracks in the snow and even a giant tentacle-like monster.  His research is interrupted by a strange expedition that arrives and takes his crew to the research center where a few of them are being held hostage.  It seems like it's going to be a long, cold winter for the scientists.  The Thing comes out of the movie looking like a giant green, tentacled creature with huge ears and a long tongue, but it's really not.  We don't see it from a distance, we only see it when Frank Pooley is forced to confront it.  What a great scene it is.  Frank Poo and his crew have been captured by a man who calls himself Doctor Weyland, who's the head of a group called the Colonial Administration. The Colonial Administration is in charge of the scientists on the island, but Weytown has other plans for them.  As the crew is kept in the center of the base, Weywell shows them a video feed of a strange tentacle monster that's moving along the ice and looking for them on the surface.  I was surprised at the way the film handled this scene. It was pretty much just Weyweld explaining the situation, then Weywill showing them the video feed.  My favorite part of the scene was when the monster suddenly grabs the two men and they fall from the surface into the ice.  There's a nice twist at the end of the clip that shows the creature crawling towards the men and then the creature bursts out of it's hole in the ice!  I have no idea what happened to the men.  This is a great bit of suspense that's not over before it's even begun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that it's funny.  Not funny in a tongue in cheek way, but in a funny way.   It's a simple comedy with a simple story and some good acting.  The writing is a little corny at times, but that's not the worst thing about the movie.  This is a good, simple, funny movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original ending is a classic in the history of the genre.  After the original villain is defeated, a giant squid with a face like a pogromist gets a shot off at the hero, who is also wearing a Nazi officer uniform, and the squid turns him into a squid-head.    This ending is so good that it has to be seen to be believed.  A couple of bad guys and a giant, squirming squid are all that's left of a civilization.  I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The good : the movie is a good old fashioned adventure film. It has some great action sequences, lots of humor and it's fun to watch the hero in action with his buddies, especially in the first half.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character is a very likable and well drawn character.  He has some very well executed fight scenes and he is a lot more intelligent than he seems.  The writing and acting are very good and the whole film is well paced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was a good one. The characters were not too different and I liked the fact that some of the characters are gay. The sex was good and the movie had good humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A solid action flick about a young boy who has a "giant" father, who's actually just a giant ape, and a young girl who is a "tomboy" who has to protect her "brother" from his "father" (who's a gorilla, and has a huge cock). I liked this movie, but it didn't have much substance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best of the bad: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been waiting for this movie for almost two years now. I can finally say that the movie has a very good story line, well done, and the movie is well directed and performed. The movie has not been well reviewed. I feel like it has a few flaws, but I will give it a try. I have to say that this movie is very entertaining, and it has many action scenes. The ending was good too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the most important of the best American films ever made. And it's also a film about America. But most of all it's a film that should never have been made. The best part of the film is its ending. It's so unexpected and perfect. It has everything a great ending should have: an epic battle, a climactic chase scene, a brilliant, witty and touching final speech, a stunning ending that has the audience cheering and applauding.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a flashback to the events surrounding the murder of a man, which are then narrated by a man who has a rather unusual and rather disturbing habit of talking to himself, or rather talking to the ghost of his own dead son. I like that sort of stuff and this is very good stuff, though the ending may be a bit of a disappointment.    A movie that is worth watching, even though I've only just started watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this post-modern Western, an outlaw named Big John (John Wayne) is hired to kill a Mexican priest.  His plan to accomplish this is to steal a Mexican-made cannon, kill the priest, and then to bury the cannon in the same grave as the priest.   After stealing the cannon, Big John gets to work, but he soon learns that he is not an outlaw in the traditional sense, as the law has taken notice of him and Big John's plans become more and more complex.  The Mexican-style style of this film is pretty awesome, and it looks good as well.    I've never been a fan of John Wayne, but this movie has him at his very best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is based on a true story, and as I said, it is true. It is a true account of the assassination of President Kennedy in Dallas in 1963. It's a well acted film. It has been called a classic and it's not a bad film at all. It makes a good impression. It does have a few flaws, though, and a few things to be said. The film has some excellent performances, especially from Richard Burton and Lee Harvey Oswald. The acting is quite good. But it has some flaws. There are a few lines in the film that could have been better. There is a scene at the end where the police officers come running down the street. They see the gunman and one officer calls out to another officer that they're coming! They're not going to make it, the gunman says. The scene could have used some more dramatic flare. There's a scene near the end of the film where the gunman has a machine gun that has no sound. It seems to be the only sound in the entire movie. The other problem is the special effects. There were a couple of moments when I was not sure if I was looking at a real scene or an optical illusion. I was impressed with the visual effects, though. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good one. The actors were all great. The story line was interesting, and even though the movie was supposed to be a comedy, it was still funny. The cast was great. I have seen the movie a couple times. I thought it was really good. I really liked the way it was shot. The ending was pretty awesome.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that will be a favorite of a lot of people.  It is funny, exciting and quite emotional.   It also contains a few cleverly done shots that give the movie a nice edge.  The film does contain some good performances from many great actors.  It is a good time watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice movie to watch at night with your good friend.   The film opens with a long and detailed description of the life of a rich man in France and how he was able to get rich by the use of illegal means. The man's wife is also portrayed as having a beautiful personality. A good friend of the rich man, the wife of the man is also depicted as being a woman with a great love for her husband. She does what she can to keep the rich guy in the black market and is constantly trying to find a way to get him out of the business.   the movie is a good example of how a man is able to use his money to make a great deal of money. The movie is very good at showing the life and times of the people and their daily routines. It shows the daily routines of the various people in the rich mans life. It also shows the lives of the poor people who are trying to make ends meet and provide for their families. It does show how things can go wrong in a man's life and how one man can make money from nothing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a family who is going to a Halloween party. There are two girls in the family. The one is a little girl. She's been crying all night and is now a little old woman.  When she gets up in the morning she's all dressed up and is ready to go.  The two boys are a little boy and a little girls.  They're on a trip to the dentist and they're looking for a dentist.   When they arrive they see the dentist is not there.    He was hit by a car in a snow storm and died.  I like this movie.  It's fun, scary and just a nice little movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies of all time.  The movie starts off slow but slowly, and in a good way, we are introduced to our hero, the guy who has the worst luck imaginable.    He is a man who is in a lot of trouble and is being chased by some weird things.    He has to make his way out of the maze and to find the person that has been chasing him for the last ten years.  This is a great movie, very well made, and very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie about two lovers, a man and a woman. The man, who has an affair with the woman, does not want to reveal the fact to anyone. The woman, who does not know about it, is afraid to tell anyone about it. So, the man tells the woman to go to the cemetery and hide herself there. The cemetery is a place of beauty and a place where people come to enjoy their love. But this love does not last long. Soon after the woman hides herself, a young man is there to see her. He loves her very much and wants to marry her. The young man does not like to be the one to marry the woman. He is scared that she will find out that he loves her. So the woman does not tell anyone of the man's love for her and he is left with no choice but to marry this woman.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a fan of both horror and comedy, I was very excited to see this movie. I enjoyed it a lot. It is an entertaining movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . It was a lot of fun to watch the story unfold in the first 20 minutes or so. I would say it was better in parts than in others, but still a very entertaining movie.   I didn't like it: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a masterpiece, not just in the "Hollywood" sense of the word, but in the sense of a movie that is full of a lot of great moments and memorable lines. It is a good example of how the old-fashioned movie genre can be revitalized and put back on track.  I recommend it to all fans of the genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best thing about this movie is the music: it is simply superb, from the opening sequence through to the very end. It is the only good thing about the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is pretty good, and there is even a scene where two soldiers are in a plane crashing into a mountain, and then there is a brief but awesome scene where the two soldiers get to climb up the mountainside, and do a bunch of cool stunts.   A lot of the action scenes are really well done, especially the helicopter sequence in the middle of the movie, where the chopper takes off and then dives to the ground and then climbs up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was expecting something like "The Dark Knight Rises" or "The Bourne Ultimatum" and instead I got a pretty good movie, that I really enjoyed, even though the plot was a bit too convoluted. I guess I should say that this is a film that you can easily watch if you don't know much about the world and have the time to read some books about the place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are only three characters in this movie: a teenage girl, a woman and a man.   The woman is the most interesting and the most relatable.  The teenage girl is the girl who thinks she is too good for this world and her mom tells her she is not worthy to be like that.  What happens is that the teenage girl meets the man and they fall in love.  It is so easy to love the man in this film.  I think the man is just as important to the story as the teenage daughter.  And that's how the story ends: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film starts with a long and beautiful shot of the desert, a beautiful landscape. The desert is home to a lot of animals, and is very well done. I think this is a really good movie, it is very thought out, and it is interesting to watch the evolution of the two main characters.   I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the movie I've been waiting for.  This movie is a good film with a good story.  The music is good and the acting is good.   I liked this movie a lot and I hope this movie will be made in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title says it all. This is a good story about a young woman's love affair with a young man who works at a carnival. The carnival, of course, is a carnal place, a place where the carnal pleasures of a carnally-minded man and woman are celebrated. The love affair takes a turn for the worse, however, when she realizes that her husband is not as loving or caring as she is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was watching this movie at the cinema, I didn't expect it to be good at all, I mean a movie like this is just too good to be true, you can't believe a thing that happens to a good looking guy like that!   The thing I liked about this movie is that it was very entertaining, I think it's very rare that a movie is entertaining for a good hour! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action film with great sets, lots of explosions, and some interesting, well-done characters.  If you love the old school action films of the 80s, then this is one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie takes place in a futuristic setting. It's not as bad as the Matrix. It has its moments, the story is quite interesting and it's easy to follow.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As with the other films I've reviewed in this series, The Devil's Advocate  is a great piece of work.  I'm a little disappointed in how little the film is told, but that's really not a bad thing.  The film begins with a man named Walter, a law clerk in the town of Salem.    He is a bit of a whiner and a slob, and the town hates him.  When Walter has a run-in with a demon that's been haunting the town for a year, he gets some help from the Devil himself.  In exchange for help, Walter agrees to help the town clear its name.  The Devil, though, is not the kind of Devil that the town wants.  His job is to "clean up" the town, and that means killing everyone who has the slightest claim to being guilty.  He kills the first one who gets in his way and then the next.  Walter is trying to stop him, but he doesn't know how, and he soon finds out that the Devil has a nasty plan in store for him.    It's a shame that this film didn't have a more interesting ending.  It ends with Walter being killed by the Devil, but Walter gets away with it.  Unfortunately, Walter gets killed by a woman who, while she's not the Devil's wife, is pretty close.  So Walter is dead, and we're left with a pretty sad scene where Walter's wife talks about her husband and how much he loved her.  And then the film ends.  I would like to say that I enjoyed The Devil Advocate, but I didn't.  There's a little bit of magic in this film that I just couldn't find a way to get behind.  For a film that's mostly a crime thriller, there are a lot of little things that bother me.  First off, Walter is a whiny, weak, and pathetic loser.  Second, there's some really bad acting.  Third, it's very hard to follow along.  These are things that you'd expect from a film about a Devil's advocate.  But I don't think that's what the film was about.  Perhaps it's a bit too much of a mystery to really get behind the story, but I just don't see how I could really care.  As I said, I'm a fan of the genre and this is
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never heard of "Jaws" before seeing it this weekend. I'm not sure I'd call it a classic. But it's an entertaining, terrifying movie. I would love to see a remake of this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid movie that is good to watch and watch again. It has some good story lines and a good ending that is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a pretty good horror movie and the best one that I have seen in a long time.  It is well written and it has great special effects and it is an awesome movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is not for the faint of heart. It is an epic story about a band of people who fight the evil forces of the past. They must do this while dealing with their own personal demons. It really is a good flick and is a fun watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good example of the type of movie that makes me smile. This is not your run of the mill, run-of-the-mill movie. This movie has a lot going for it. First off, it's a good looking movie. It's got some good music. And it's got a plot that is very well thought out. I would like to point out a few things. First, the acting is good. It is not just the usual actor, the typical 'actors on television' who play themselves. They get to do their own characters. Second, the script is good too. The movie does have a story, but it is not a typical story. It has an interesting theme and a lot of good, original ideas. It doesn't just follow a standard story, it has its own plot. It makes the movie very enjoyable and easy to watch. I don't want to get too into spoilers, but the movie does give a lot to the viewer. If you are looking for a good action movie, this is definitely one of the better ones out there. If the movie didn't have the plot, I don?t think it would be as good. The only thing that I think could be improved is the dialogue. It seems like they could have been a little bit better. I didn?t see how anyone could have known the meaning of the word 'pigeon'. I don?'t think they should have used that word either. I also think the movie could have had more of the action. The ending just felt a bit rushed. But that is a minor complaint. This a good fun movie, and it has good acting and good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure how to review this one. I think it was a fun movie to watch and I thought that it was very good and original.   It had an interesting cast and some very creative and interesting plot twists. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my all time favorite movies is "The Godfather". I'm always intrigued by the story of this movie, but mostly by the way Michael Corleone makes it.  He is so bad ass that you have to see it to believe it. The movie starts with an interesting scene with an old guy who is waiting for a ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had forgotten how good this movie was when I saw it. The story is very well done and the characters are very good. I love the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, and is a nice change from the usual horror. The story is not that interesting. There are some very scary moments. I have a feeling that there is a movie in here that is not to be missed.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a lot of fun.  It's very, very funny, with lots of great performances.    I don't think it has any plot, but the film is very well done, and the characters are quite memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very fun and enjoyable movie. It has an interesting story, a beautiful art design, a great performance from the main characters, and a great sound track. I would recommend this movie to anyone that has a chance. It's fun to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie a lot! I also liked the acting of the main characters, especially as they were forced into their situations. I think this movie would be great for a kid or an adult who wants to see some cool action scenes!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a good film and a fun one. I am sure to see this movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a shame that there is no more good movies coming out of Japan. This is a very good film about a man who can be almost anyone. He has a wife, kids and a job and he's a man of few words, but he can tell when a lady's in trouble.   The Japanese are often stereotyped as being stupid and lazy. I didn't see this as being true, I think they are very good people, they just have a lot of other problems to worry about than the rest of us. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As far as a film that has all the elements of a good western it has the action, the romance, the mystery, the adventure, and the comedy all in a well balanced blend.   I really enjoyed this movie!   I was so happy that I finally got to see this film in the theater and I was pleased that it was the only western I saw this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "What a great idea! And, I guess, the movie does turn out pretty good."   —Trent Reznor
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a bit late but the first part of the film is actually quite good, it's just the plot that has a few issues. It's funny that a guy like the director could come up with something like that, the guy really is a complete asshole.   The main character in this film, a boy named Raul, is a real nice guy who tries his best to make his family happy and make the world a better place. Unfortunately, that is not very difficult to do when you're the only son and have to look after your sick little sister. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I know I'm going to get a ton of hate for this review but I truly enjoyed it. I'm not usually a big fan of science fiction but I found this movie to be great! I think it's really important to have a good story. I would recommend this to anyone that likes science fiction.   P.S. It's not really science fiction... it's more of a hybrid of science and fantasy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a very enjoyable one, but there are several problems with it. First, the film is about the first world war. If you think that war is bad, wait till you see the second world war:  In this war, the Allies defeated the Germans, but in the war of 1914-1918 the Nazis and other fascist countries were defeated by the Russians. They are still there in the world of the second part of the first part of a second part. So the movie doesn't have any interesting story. The plot of the movie is like a train: the story of the war is a story about how a train is going from A to B. In this movie, the train from A and the train to B are the same. The movie doesn`t have any original story and it is a classic. The acting is very bad:  The actors of the film are very bad. They all act like they are in a bad movie: they act like fools, they act with no sense of seriousness, they don`t try to hide their stupidity, they show no respect for their own characters and they have no chemistry with each other. This movie has nothing to offer: it is nothing to be proud of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was not a movie about the Vietnam war. It was about a very different kind of war: one that did not concern the South Vietnamese or the Viet Cong. It involved an American war hero and his Vietnamese girlfriend.   A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a better movie. It's a story about a father trying to save his child from being kidnapped by a mad man. But it's the character development that makes this movie so great.   It's really a story of two parents who can't stand each other. The father has a violent temper and the mother is a very reserved woman who's scared of her own shadow.  And then there's a little boy who lives in a house on the top of a hill. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is very difficult to make a movie about a real life person like Steve McQueen who has achieved so much.   Steve McQueeney was born on August 14,1937 in Detroit Michigan.  He is an American movie actor, producer, director, writer, and stuntman. He is the son of actor John McQueen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked the movie because it was an excellent piece of film-making. I don't see many films like this and even though it's a classic it doesn't feel like a classic. It was filmed in the 1950s, the 60s and it's definitely not the best.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is a simple one: a group of friends go camping for the weekend. After one of the boys gets lost, the others band together to find him. The only problem is that they never find him, but instead stumble upon a ghost town, where the dead seem to roam in search of their next meal. The movie itself has some interesting scenes that may get your blood pumping, like the scene where the guys get into a truck to get to their destination.   If you are looking for a good horror movie, and don't mind some of the goofy acting and cheesy dialog, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a movie I would watch again and again, I am always impressed by how the actors were able to portray the characters in a believable way.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything:    A fantastic storyline, a great villain and a good twist.   The main story of the movie is the quest of an ancient wizard to find a magic ring which could stop the destruction of the world.  It's a very good story.  The villain is very interesting, but also not a good one.  A lot of people who have heard of him and seen the movie will not like him.  There are lots of scenes in the movie that are not only funny, but are also a lot of fun.  I don't think that this movie is a great one, but it's worth watching for the great villains and for the characters who really have a lot to do in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie and I hope it gets more attention. I like how the movie focuses on the characters' feelings and reactions to things around them, and on their relationship with each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a solid, albeit somewhat generic, action movie.   As far as the plot goes, we follow a team of cops as they hunt down a man who is selling stolen goods out of a garage.  After a chase through the desert, the team's chase ends up on a highway.  It is here that they realize that the man they were after is in the back seat of the car.  But that's not all!  The team finds out that there is more to the story than they first thought!   What makes this a great movie is the chemistry between the lead characters, as well as the acting.  The movie is filled with some great fight scenes and plenty of action.  Some people may think this movie is too violent and/or too bad, but it is really not.  Instead of focusing on one man, it focuses on the teamwork between the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the best film in my opinion. The movie is not like most of the films that I saw, but it is not bad. It is very enjoyable. I will definitely see this movie again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A beautiful and haunting movie, but the end is just a little too abrupt.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very excited to see this movie and am happy to report that I really enjoyed it.   It has some very good moments and some really bad ones.  It is also a very well done and entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are a fan of westerns, you must watch this movie.   I love the old west, I grew up with westerns and I have to say that this is probably my favorite western of all time.  I have watched this movie over and over and always look forward to the next movie.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a shame that the plot of this film is so weak and so much of it is a setup for what is essentially a "movie of the week" style story.   There is no real plot here and there is only one moment of real tension.  This movie is so bad that you wonder why people continue to put it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know why I didn't get this movie until I was about 35 years old. I don't really remember much about it. It was about an old man who lived in a small cabin that was surrounded by snow and was out hunting. He caught a wolf and took it back to his house and started cooking it over the fire in a big pot with a lot of butter and some meat. He cooked the wolf for the whole evening and then went to sleep. The next morning he woke up to the smell of the cooking wolf in the fireplace. He looked outside and saw a wolf running across the snow towards his house. He was terrified and called to his wife and son to come and help him. They ran down the stairs and got into the snowmobile. They started driving towards the wolf and when they got to its feet the wolf ran off towards the mountains. The son had a knife and was hunting for the wolf when it ran out of sight. When the boy came back and saw the wolf had run away he found a little piece of wolf fur on the ground. It looked like a wolf fur but was different from any wolf I had ever seen before. I was fascinated by this and took the fur to my grandmother who was a very skilled artist. She made a plaster figure of the wolf that was about 4 feet tall. The wolf was so realistic that I was able to imagine myself living in a cabin in the mountains and hunting with the wolf. It took her about a year to make the figure and then I went to school in the fall. I started a new career in art and ended up going to a college in the north and working in the studio of an artist friend. We did a number of commissions for the artist but none were as popular as this one. I made another plaster wolf and a few others and then one day the artist came in with a big stack of commissions and said that she had done the wolf so many times that she was ready to take it to a museum and show it to the world. I felt really proud and said I would like to help her. I told her I was only a beginner and she asked me to paint the wolf in a studio. I looked at her and said okay and went off to paint it. The first thing I did was to put the wolf on a base of foam and paint the fur so it would stand up on it. I had a little bit of trouble getting the foam to hold the fur up but
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A classic western from the masters of the genre, Robert Altman, with the legendary Gregory Peck in his most convincing role as the dashing and lovable Sheriff of Dodge. It's hard to find a film more memorable and fun to watch than Dodge City.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A well-acted and thoroughly entertaining movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was an amazing movie, that had to have been made long time ago. It is a very good thriller, with great performances from the lead actors. It has a great plot, that kept me glued to the screen.   The movie is based on a novel by John Milius.  It is not so much about the story of an astronaut, but rather about the astronaut's family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is good!   It's got great special effects, lots of good dialog, a great story, and is a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:        I loved this movie! It was an amazing movie! There is nothing in the movie that is bad, except maybe the opening. The movie was good, not great, but good. The only thing I can say is that it is a good idea to put the kids in a park, that has a big lake with a large waterfall.   It was a good summer movie, so that is a nice addition to the summer movie series.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie twice now and it is not really a good one. But the film is pretty good and a good time to be had watching the characters act as they should act.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . I like the story and the characters.   It is a good, simple, and fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  We were able to see this movie before the theater closed down, and we all had a great time. The movie does not take itself too seriously, and I really enjoyed watching it. I think it's the most entertaining movie we have seen in a while, and it was great to see all the characters that we have come to know and love in the series.  I loved the way they portrayed these characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favorite film from the great Roger Corman is now being brought back to DVD.   The film is based on a short story by Jules Verne and stars one of my favorite actors, Steve Martin.  Martin is very good in this film. He has a very lively sense of humor, and this film is very much a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -I would like to thank my Santa for getting me a good book for my birthday! - I got a gift card to a local movie theatre to see a movie! Thank you!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie, it's a good film, not a great film, but a good one. The story is about a poor Irish boy who lives in the ghetto and is a "sneak" as he gets into the ghetto by getting a job in the circus. He starts off on a good foot when he is asked to take part in a circus act, which involves having the man in the white coat put a cap on his head. The man in white then says that he wants to be called by his real name. The boy does so and the man says "Ah, now that's just like the old days. The old days, when we had the Irish." The boy says "What was that?" He says "The Irish were the only people who never died and never had to pay taxes." The girl at the carnival says "If you don't like it you can leave." The man then says "That's good, I'll leave." He walks off into the night. A couple of days later the boy goes into the back room to get a cigarette, he is approached by a girl who says "Do you like me?" The boy replies "Yes." She says "Well, I'm the same age as you. I'm also Irish. Do you like to be friends?" The boys eyes light up and he says "Oh yes, I do." The two then go back into the front room and sit down to talk. The girl says "You know, when I was a little girl I liked to get into fights with other girls. I had a sister who used to run out on me, and if I ever hit her it hurt so bad, I couldn't even get out of bed." The girls looks down and says "She's a girl, right?" The two say "Yeah, I don't know why we're talking about this." The boys says "It's okay, she's dead now." The Girl says "How did she die?" The guy says "I don't remember." The Boy says "Are you sure?" He goes on to say "I think it was a car accident." The guy replies "No, she died of a broken heart." The lady says "So what did she do?" The guys says "Nothing." The kid says "But she used to hit me so bad. I didn't want to hit her, so I would get in the car and drive off." The guys say "Well she
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I'm in love with this movie!    If you are a fan of old-time cinema, and you love old movies, you need to watch this movie.   And for that reason, I have to thank the makers of the movie, the Coen Brothers! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this film is an exaggeration, but the film is a fantastic horror/thriller with a solid screenplay, excellent performances, and an entertaining, yet scary, cast of characters.  A lot of what you need to know about this film, besides its title, is that it stars Bruce Dern, and it has the most memorable and frightening scene in the movie (and I mean that in a good way).  It's hard to describe exactly what this scene is about, other than it's a real, physical nightmare.  Bruce Dern's performance as John Smith is absolutely frightening, as is the film itself.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very interesting movie. The characters are very well done, the movie is good for both kids and adults. The action scenes are quite entertaining and I think they were well done.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's one of my all-time favorite movies. The only thing that would have made it better would be if there were more female roles in the movie. I'm sure I would have had a great time watching this movie and watching the great movie stars of the movie and they all were awesome. It was a very good movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie a lot. The story is interesting and the characters are interesting. I was really surprised that the movie got so much bad reviews.    I enjoyed this movie, but I think I'll wait for the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid, if not perfect, movie about an ordinary man who falls in love with a beautiful woman who he sees through a window. I love the story and the way the movie is shot, but my only criticism is that the pacing is a little off-kilter and the ending is a bit confusing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie. The film is made by a guy who's never made a film before, and it shows. The pacing of the movie is good and the acting is good. It has an interesting premise, and that is why it was made, so that people could see the world and see the places that have been there for thousands of years. This movie has a lot of action, and good scenery, but it has a little bit of the dark and disturbing in it too. I'm sure if it was a little more PG-13 it would be fine. It's worth a look for sure.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The second movie of this series was not bad at all.   The story is good and the characters are well-rounded. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the look of this movie. I love how it is set in a different time. I also love how the director of the movie is so realistic about what life was like back then. The film follows a couple named Charles and Helen who were the only survivors of a small town. The town has been decimated by the war and people are dying all over the place. When Charles finds a journal in a box of old newspapers he uncovers the truth about what really happened to him. It is the story of how a group of survivors of the war found a way to survive in a town filled with violence. I have to say I have never heard a more realistic movie about war. I was blown away by this movie, and the look it has is fantastic. It made me want to see it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of the TV show, and this movie is very good, and quite funny.   If you haven't watched the show, you might not appreciate the comedy of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that can only be described as a love story. It is an interesting story with a strong theme about love and commitment. I liked this movie, and the acting was good, especially the couple, who did not make a big deal about their commitment, which was a good idea. I think this is a good film that can be appreciated by both men and women. It has a lot of laughs and good dialogue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great director of The Elephant Man  was not an original filmmaker, but a filmmaker who is much more comfortable with his old tricks. It's a great movie and a very funny one.  And, of course, it's a very good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film about a young man who is on the run from the police.  He has been caught, but the police are on a real roll.    They take him to a place called "Hell", where the police go out of their way to torture people, including a man who had the misfortune to be born the same year as the main character. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I saw a movie that made me cry and feel the pain and sorrow of a broken family, the pain of a young boy who had a bad day, who was trying to be normal, and then he made a terrible mistake. But that's okay. He made a mistake in a small way, but it was one of those things you learn about life. It happens to all of us. The good and the bad, the stupid and the smart, the happy and the sad, the things that make you happy and those that make your heart ache. This movie does a wonderful job of illustrating that. I cried throughout, and it was wonderful to see a movie so good and so human."   What I really like about this movie is how it's like a mix between a movie and a book. It's a funny, lighthearted story with plenty of heart. It has a great ending that really made me feel like I got to see something beautiful and beautiful. It also has an ending that can be easily watched at home on a couch with your family and a good book on your lap.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first time I saw it was on the big screen with my Dad. We were both impressed with the quality of the film. We both loved it!    This movie is definitely worth the money.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie. It is funny, but a little slow in the first act. But once it starts moving, it is fast paced and has a great ending. The movie has a lot of action scenes and a good cast. It does not seem to have been well marketed. But this is a movie that is worth a look.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I haven't seen it yet but I'm sure this is going to be one of the best movies I see this summer! I think it will be in the top 5 of the summer so far. I'm excited for it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a good, funny, romantic movie that has a heart and a laugh, and a good story to go with it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining movies I've seen in a long time.  It has a good cast, lots of laughs, and a great story to tell.    It's hard to say what it is about this movie that makes it great, because it's just a great time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is great.   It's very realistic and it has a great cast of characters.  This is a movie that has the feel of a great science fiction novel.  It has a very interesting plot line that is a very good mix of drama and action.  The pacing of this movie is amazing.  I think it's a very realistic science fiction movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I have stated before, the film is very well made.   This is the story of two children who have been locked up in a dark house.  They are in the process of being tortured by a cruel man who uses his wife as his slave.  The two kids have to fight the man to free themselves from his grasp and escape the dark house, which is also their home.  A must see for all movie lovers and a very exciting film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film with a great storyline and some beautiful visuals.   It is really interesting how the story evolves and how things change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie so much.  It's like a fairy tale come to life.  I love how this movie ends, and it ends beautifully. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie when it came out on VHS in the 90's. I had no idea it would be as good as it is.   It's a pretty good film about a girl who finds her father dead, and her grandfather a drunk who has moved to an old farmhouse.  Her grandmother is dying and the old woman has died too, so she gets the family out of the house, and into a car.  It was very dark, and it has a very good ending.  This is one of the best horror films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this movie but I am very glad I did.  It's about a man who is the worst boss you can imagine.    He is very rude, mean, and mean.  He has a hard time letting his daughter go to a prom.  She is a really pretty girl, and it is her first one.  This is a movie you will definitely enjoy!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was nice to be able to experience a true Western in a historical setting.   In the best sense of the word. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie a couple of years ago and just now finished it. It is a really good movie. I don't like horror movies. I prefer to enjoy a good action movie. This movie is a good mix of horror, action, humor, and love. I'm glad I watched it. I have already watched the first part of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have not seen much of a horror film lately. But, I was really glad to see a great movie such as this. It's like a mix between horror and science fiction. The movie is about a woman who is an artist, but she also is a scientist. Her friend is an engineer, but he is also a man with a great intellect and can think about things he wouldn't otherwise think about. The woman thinks about things too, but when she goes out into the desert she has an experience. It is a long one, but it is worth seeing. I really enjoyed this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are some interesting ideas and concepts in this movie, however, the execution of these ideas is so bad it makes you wonder why they bothered with a movie at all.   It was a strange choice of movie to make, but then again, a movie like this does not need to be any good, it just needs to be weird. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had just finished watching The Avengers, and it really didn't get me. I'm not sure if the characters were all too much or not. I can't say that the villains were very memorable. The best character was probably Loki, but he really didn  I didn't enjoy The Avengers much, I mean, the movie was good, but I was bored by it after like an hour or so. It's just a bunch of super heroes fighting each other, and I'm just not in the mood for it. I think it would be great if the Marvel films were all about the people that are the superheroes.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Brick" is a terrific film that is filled with great action, an impressive script and a fine cast. I love that the film was made in Europe (the story was based on the book "The Black Hawk War" by Mark Bowden) and that the story was written by a young French novelist and not a Hollywood screenwriter. I am glad I bought the book.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad used to tell me that if you can't beat 'em, join 'em.  The guys from Gossip Girl  are really hot, and the film is good.    The ending is a little out of place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "In the heart of the industrial Midwest, the town of Boonville is a microcosm of American prosperity: an upstanding little community, a prosperous small town, and a vibrant town square that attracts visitors from all over the country. But the small town of two hundred souls is far from prosperous. The family owned Boonstown Motel is in financial distress, and Boontown's only business is a low-level grocery store, which has fallen into the hands of a former drug addict named Dwayne (Robert Duvall) and his drug-dealing friends. Now Dwayne and his associates have made Boon Valley the most dangerous town in America."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw the movie I thought, "This is a really good movie, it is not that bad."   When I saw it again a few days ago, I found it to be even better.   This is one of the most memorable movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's a scene where two guys are having a good time drinking beer in a car with a girl who's also in the car, but it's not long before the girl starts complaining about the noise, and she's right to. It's a good scene, but then, that's not uncommon for a movie with an over-the-top, cartoon-like plot. The plot is ridiculous, as is the dialogue, but if that's what you're looking for, this is the movie for you.         This movie was released in 1982, and it's available on video. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have always liked the movies of Michael Keaton, and the one that I've seen most recently was "The Expendables". It is a good action movie and I recommend it to all of my friends who love to watch action movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie that is quite an interesting one and I think that it's one of the few that are more realistic about the nature of war, both as a soldier's life and the lives of other people in war-time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's touching, it has a great cast of characters, it had a great ending and it will be a great movie to watch again.  I've never been a big fan of the "mystery" genre and I am not sure why, but I liked this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As far as I'm concerned, it is THE BEST of the genre and I can honestly say I have not seen a better one.    The story is about a group of kids who are out hunting and on their way to a camp they find a dead body.  After digging a grave, they find the body is the son of a man who was murdered years ago.  The son, who has been buried in the ground since he was a kid, finally has the chance to see his father again when he visits the grave.  The movie is so good, that I just had to write about it.  It is a good old fashioned ghost story, with some good dialogue.  I was also surprised to find a character named "the Old Man", but I am not going to spoil that here.  There are a couple of very good ghost stories, and it is a very enjoyable movie to watch.  This movie is worth the time to watch, and a good way to relax and just relax. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are times when you just have to sit down and watch a movie. This movie is just that kind of a movie with just enough comedy, suspense, and a little bit of mystery to keep you intrigued. It has a lot of good stuff going on. And it is definitely worth the price of admission!   The plot:   A man's wife, played by Joanna Cassidy, is going to a funeral to bury her beloved husband. She has to leave town on a train for the next city on the route. She leaves her daughter behind to watch over the child. As she gets off the train, she finds her husband's dead body on the train track. He has a hole drilled in his skull. The coroner thinks he has been shot and the hole is about the size of a quarter. He also thinks it is too small to have caused his death. There is some evidence of strangulation. The police think it is just a case of suicide and don't look into it further. After a while, the police have some more questions about what happened and they call in the FBI.   Things get really interesting when the FBI calls in to investigate. They know the hole in the man's head was not the cause of his death but they are still investigating. It turns out that there is another hole in his head. This one is about 2 inches in diameter. It is a little like a bullet hole and is visible from the inside. The man who is suspected of killing him has a history of mental illness. It seems that he has a deep connection with his wife and was able to convince her that he was doing the right thing by killing himself. His suicide note is very telling.  ,   Plot Points:  1. A man's widow, played Joanna, is having to leave her home city for a train and has to get off in another town to do so. She thinks it will be easy to leave and make it on the next train. Instead, she has to walk a quarter mile to get there and it takes her over an hour to get from her house to the train station. Then she has a hard time getting off the platform. She then has to wait in a train car for an hour. Finally, the train arrives and she is finally able to get to the station. As soon as she gets on the platform, her husband is found dead in his car. The car is totally destroyed. It appears that
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a fun and silly movie, and very amusing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    You might find the title of this movie pretty offensive.   But this is an honest-to-God documentary about a famous and influential black American band, the Stax Records group, which was formed in the mid-70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie itself has a great cast and the movie itself is great.    If you like this movie: You need to watch it  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Dunkirk" is a remarkable film. The script is great. The action is great, and there is some terrific special effects work. I've already seen it a few times, and it is great every time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I was lucky enough to see a couple of years ago.  It is a great movie!  Great story, great acting and great cinematography.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had the privilege to see "The Man with the Golden Gun" on opening night of a new film theater in Philadelphia.     This was one of the first films I ever saw.    It's so much fun to look at!   In all seriousness, it's a good action movie, with good stunts, and well directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this movie is one of the most important of all time, and it also has a good storyline. This is one you have to see!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good horror movie.  I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for the ending.    The ending is really not bad, but I found it kind of hard to watch.  I think if the movie ended after the killer was killed I would have liked it a lot more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie had a good pace, and a good plot.   It has a good story.  It is a very good movie.  This movie is really a must see movie for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most entertaining movie of the year, even better than the original film, this is a fantastic film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've never seen the movie before. The story follows a man named Mike who is trying to get a divorce from his wife. He gets a job as a janitor at a hospital where he gets to work with his boss and some other nurses. Mike has a girlfriend who is a nurse. She is very good looking and a bit of a klutz. Mike is a bit self-centered and arrogant and has a lot of trouble dealing with other people. He is constantly late to work, and doesn't really want to work there at all. However, he does his best to get along with the other nurses and is one of the best workers there. One day, he is called to help with a patient who has a head injury and can't stand up. The patient dies and Mike decides that he must try to save the woman. The woman is a very nice lady, but very sad. Mike tells her that she is beautiful and she gives him a kiss. The two are very intimate, but the nurse becomes more upset. Mike tries to console her, but she doesn't seem to be listening. She begins to cry, and starts to have a seizure. Mike gets the nurse to a hospital and takes her back to his apartment. The nurses who have worked with Mike all think he is a nice man and do their best to cheer him up. When he leaves the hospital, he drives off to the city where he goes to a party. He spends the night at a party and at some point the woman who has had the seizure starts having a seizure again. The seizure causes the woman to have another and another, until she has a fit. Mike rushes to the apartment and tries to calm her down. He goes to the hospital and is told that she has had three seizures in a row. The nurse who has worked with him says that she doesn´t have a head or brain injury, but is really having a bad seizure. This is why she is having so much trouble standing up. Mike and the nurses try to convince the woman that the seizures are just the way she is, and that the hospital doesn´ t understand how she is feeling. Mike also has a new friend, who works at the hospital as a clerk. The clerk also has problems, but he has a good job and a girlfriend. Mike becomes interested in the clerk and tries talking to him. He tries to give him a job in the hospital to help him out. The man is very shy,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I love it! I really don't know how a director can get a director to let him make a movie about the movie business. I really loved it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When a movie tells you to "Take out your anger on the world around you", you are going to do it in this film, in this manner:  a guy is kidnapped by a man who claims he's a scientist.  The guy tells the guy to get in the car and drive to a cave where a scientist will give him a cure for the  plague that is killing everybody.  The man gets in the backseat, the car starts, and the guy tells him to drive to the cave, and a moment later, the guy starts screaming.    It's like this guy was taken out of a good, well-made science-fiction movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has many good things about it. I think it's one of the more unique movies out there. I thought it was good and a good story. I didn't really understand a lot of the movie at first but then I got a little more into it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot is fairly standard, the characters are all very realistic, and the music is very good.    The Movie:  In the 1970's, a group of people are held prisoner by a group who use an underground tunnel system for their business and pleasure. When the group is discovered, the people escape, only to find that they have forgotten a very important part of the plan... a very dangerous and very nasty looking spider!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fine and realistic depiction of a woman's journey from child to womanhood in her community, and a good story about the lives of women in a patriarchal society. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie takes place in a small town in the mountains of West Virginia where a couple of locals who go by the nicknames of "Big Daddy" and "Little Sister" have a disagreement over the nature of the universe. They are convinced that they are the only ones who have ever experienced this universe and therefore have the most direct knowledge of it. Big Daddy believes that there is no universe beyond the two of them because it doesn't make sense to him that anything other than them would exist. He is convinced that there are no other universes in existence because there is only him and the universe he perceives and understands. Little Sister, on the other hand, believes that the universe is infinite and that everything that exists is either one of her "little sisters" or she herself. When they discover a new universe in a nearby galaxy and a new species of aliens, the Big Brothers and Little Sisters decide to explore this new universe and are forced to rely on each other in order to survive. This is a film that should not be missed by anyone who is a fan of science fiction, space opera, or just good old fashioned adventure.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been in the hospital a number of times. The last time I was there, I was in a coma for six weeks. I was just about to leave when I got a call from the doctor. I had a brain hemorrhage and I was brain dead. He said that they couldn't take my organs away until the brain was completely removed from the body. I said, "What does that mean?" "It means we have to wait a long time. If the brain is not removed in a few months, I'll have to say goodbye to you. We'll never have a chance to say good-bye." "No, I won't leave you. I won the lottery!" So I stayed. I never left a room without telling my parents I'd be back the next day. One day, I came home from the hospital. My dad was home from a trip to Hawaii. The phone rang. It was the doctor and he said, I've been doing a lot of research. I'm going to have to cut your head off. The day before the surgery, I got an opportunity to go to the movies with my family. The movie was "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka." I saw it with my father and brother and a friend and we enjoyed it very much. Afterward, my father had a sore throat and it was the middle of the night when he got a phone call. The doctor said, Dad, I'm giving you a couple of hours to decide. My parents and I both said, no way, we're not going. "Oh, but I need to make sure," he said. He took my father's head and put it on my father. We waited until the sun came up and I went back to the hospital to sleep it off. About three hours later, I woke up. I asked the nurse, "Is the operation over?" "No," she said. "I need to get you a few stitches. The doctors are still debating about whether to remove the brain or the head." I said I wanted to go home to the folks I love and I couldn't wait. So they took my head off and the doctors were about to operate when they said, You know, you've been in this situation before, haven't you?" I said yes. "Well, you know, we have an operation every day in the operating room. We've never had a patient come out as good as you." "That
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off in a bad way. It starts out with an image of a guy who has been killed by his wife. His wife's face is distorted and she is holding a gun in one hand and a book in the other hand. She is sitting on a chair on a train. Her head is resting on the lap of a young man, and a young girl is sitting beside him. The two young girls are holding a handkerchief and a bottle of perfume. The man's wife is wearing a dress. I have never seen a movie where the husband's wife's dress is so short. I am not even sure that it's a dress, but it looks like one. I don't think she has a bra on.    The wife's handkercan is held up to the camera.     The two girls are walking in the direction of the house and one of them is holding the book and the other is holding perfume.  The young girl who is holding her handker can is very short.  We see a young couple walking.  A young man comes along. He wears a suit. The young man's hair is not auburn but aubic. His lips are pursed in a very masculine way. He looks like he is going to talk.  We see a shot of the train with a boy lying on the floor with a hand on his face.  I don 't think we have seen anything like this before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not an English language teacher and so I cannot judge a movie in this manner. The film is set in the early days of the English colonial rule in India. As the British moved into India, there were a few incidents which showed the arrogance of the British rulers. In one incident, the British sent a large army to crush a revolt of the Sikhs. The army consisted of British regulars, Indian soldiers and even Indian horses. The Indians were fighting on horseback, and with bows and arrows. The British regulars were equipped with heavy cannon. The soldiers were mostly poor unskilled laborers. There were some good Indian troops in the British army, but most were Indian laborers who had little to lose by fighting for the British.   The Sikhs were the only Indian army in the Indian army. The Sikhhs were fighting against the British for their independence. The Sikh leader Giani Zafar Khan, was in favor of the independence of India, and did not wish to be ruled by the British, who treated them as inferiors.  A British officer asked the Sikh chief to surrender. He refused, and shot the officer dead. After that, Giani Khan and his followers fought the British regulars until they fled. Giani was able to kill many of the regulars, but was then captured and killed.  In the end, there was no independence for India. The whole country was ruled by British and there were few Sikhs left.  The film shows the British troops and Indian soldiers fighting together, and in the end the British were defeated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not sure what this movie was trying to be but it works really well. I love the movie so much, and the way they put the ending together is just awesome. This movie is so good, I want to see it again. I also loved the soundtrack. It's awesome.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a really good movie, I loved it.   There are a few bad parts like the fact that they keep talking about how their parents died and how their mother is still alive and the fact their father died of a heart attack, but those are the only things that were bad about it. I also loved that they had the whole scene in the garage. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie had the potential to be good. It had a lot of good ideas, but was never able to fully develop them. The movie was a mix of science fiction and action. The science fiction was done well, but not all that well. The action was a little over the top, and it wasn't always well done. The film had a pretty good ending, but it was really a little rushed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have never seen it, you really need to watch it.  This is a wonderful film about a little boy and his pet bunny.  If you are a big kid who likes to make your friends laugh then this is a film for you.  I really enjoyed the film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very strange film, it has a very weird story, but the end result is an incredible movie.  I didn't think I'd be able to enjoy this film, but it ended up being a great experience!  A very strange story, with a strange ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's really good, and not just because of the actors. It would be nice if there were more movies like this. I have not seen a good comedy in a long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story follows a group of boys that are on a camping trip when a blizzard occurs. They are separated from each other and each day they try to get out of the blizzard.   This is a very good story.  The writing is great and there are no cliches or bad lines in the movie.  I can't wait to see more!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I've seen a good, entertaining action film with a good story and solid action.  I'm not sure what it is about this film, but the ending is a big surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's like a dream.   I mean, I have seen the whole movie.  It has all the qualities of a good film, it has all of the qualities that are expected of a Spielberg film.  I think the reason it's so good is that it's Spielberg.  Spielberg has made a masterpiece.  And as I said in my last review, it's his best film ever.  You just don't know what's going to happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie back in 1995. I think that this is the best movie about a woman I have ever seen. It's also a great movie about how you should treat your wife. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few people die in this one, and they do so in an interesting manner.  The story of the little girl who is on her way to the hospital is rather entertaining and the ending is a bit of a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard so much about this film that I was excited to see it.  But I wasn't expecting it to be a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This film is a very good one. I think I liked the first one a lot more. The plot was a little less interesting than the second, and the action scenes were a little too violent, but there was a great deal more to like about this film. It was very well made and acted, and I liked how it was a story about a young boy who was adopted into a very strict and conservative family. They all seem to have a very negative attitude towards the outside world. This is not always a bad thing. I don't mean to imply that this is a good thing. It isn't. I just think it's an interesting idea. I also thought it was funny. I can't wait to see the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is about a boy who is raised by wolves. His mommy is not that bad but she is not very good either. The wolves are like brothers to him.   If you like wolves and wolves in general then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fun and the ending is a bit surprising.  It is a story about a guy named Tom (Barry Bostwick), who is an alcoholic, who is looking for love. The guy has a little brother (Cary Elwes) who also is an addict. One day, Tom is visiting the father (Bill Pullman), who has a liquor store, where his little brother works. He comes in and says he needs a drink and the man offers to sell him a bottle of booze. Tom refuses and goes to the other end of the store where he meets his sister (Kathleen Quinlan). They are married. The movie is a little slow at the beginning but it gets faster as it goes on. It is just a nice, sweet little movie about Tom. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the movie there is no real fighting, but in the end there is some pretty intense fight. It was really exciting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most unique films I have seen.   It's set in the future, in a future in which the planet is a barren wasteland of sand. The movie takes place in the distant future of 2084, in the year 3100, the planet's remaining inhabitants are all living in a small settlement on an island off the coast of California. The settlement is called "The Island", and it is a pretty big settlement: It is home to several hundred people. The residents are all called "People", they have different skills and jobs: the women are all "Nurses", the men are "Lumberjack's", the kids are "Teachers", the elderly are "Doctors" and the "Children" are "Rescue". The movie begins with a group of People being attacked by a group called "Wastemen". They manage to get away, and get to the Island. The first thing they notice on the Island is that the water is very cold, they don't know why. Then they see a group who look a lot like "Wastemen", but they have a blue mask on. The group attack them, and they are captured. When they are released, they find the island has a mysterious "Power", which is like a "Time Bomb". They have to find a way to get back to their own time, but their only way out is to find the "Grave" (it's a big cave), and get out of the Island...  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun, goofy, yet clever and funny little flick about a guy who wants to make a new girlfriend, who is actually his ex-wife.   In the beginning, it's a little odd that I don't see the funny side of this movie. The characters are a bit strange.  But when the humor kicks in and the guy's trying to win a girl he's been with for years, I was laughing so hard!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a big fan of a lot of horror movies, but nothing quite comes close to The Cabin in the Woods (2011). It's the kind of movie that I would love to see a lot more of. It's a fun movie that you can enjoy all the way through. The only negative thing I can say about this movie is the fact that the ending is so stupid.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very funny and enjoyable comedy that is well worth watching.  It's a funny, lighthearted film that's worth watching for its characters and humor.    I would definitely recommend it to everyone, especially kids! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a simple one. A young woman (Gwyneth Paltrow) who is married to a rich man (Matt Damon) and they have a daughter named Angel. When she is about to give birth to Angel she is killed. Now a homeless man named Johnny (Jason Schwartzman) and his daughter Zoe (Mila Kunis) decide to help her family. This movie is a nice family movie.  It is the type of movie that should be seen when a family is having a little trouble and wants to get back to normal.  I liked this movie and it is an excellent film.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a fun little comedy that makes me smile.    - July 22, 2008It's a good time  Reviewer: gsj - favorite favorite favorite - May 20, 2008  Subject: A Fun Comedy  I really enjoyed this film. It is a good, lighthearted, entertaining movie. - May 200804I really enjoyed
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is the usual tale of a girl who runs away from home to get away from her parents. But, she's not so innocent. She has been having sex with her boyfriend's older brother. But the older brother has a girlfriend and he's a really good looking one. In this movie she has sex with him a lot. He gets her to do it so many times that she wants to get the money to get out of there. The story ends when she gets the money, and she can finally be a real independent woman.    I like this movie because it is a very good looking movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very entertaining movie about a young girl (Kirsten Dunst) who falls in love with a young man (Ed Harris) who is an engineer, a man of few words and a very intelligent man. He has a very good sense of humor, although Kirsten is too shy to speak, and in fact is embarrassed at all times. She is a little too reserved for a young woman who can't get a man to go out with her.   It is a very silly movie but a good one and one that Kirsten Dunsst would be proud to have been a part of.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen this movie yet, but it is very good.  It is a very good movie that is funny and well done.  This movie is a good, good movie and is a real good movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very excited about this movie. I watched the trailer before I went to see it and I am so glad I did.   It's a very fun and colorful film.  It really gets you thinking about how things can change.  I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is pretty good. It was very well acted and directed and I was able to relate to the characters. I don't really understand how anyone could hate this movie because it is just a good story that is done well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this movie and I was impressed with how it was made. This is a great movie and will appeal to people that like to see a good horror movie. The movie is good and scary as hell. I was not expecting it to be so good and I'm glad I saw it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and very well done. It has a great script that is filled with great jokes and it has a very good acting that is well done in the lead roles.  I was very surprised at how much I liked this film,  it had a great story and the acting is top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot, and I like it a lot because it has a good script and a great director.  This is a pretty good movie that has a couple of twists and turns that are a little interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is simple: a man (Cyrus Murphy) is having a tough time. He was a soldier in Vietnam, but he has not been able to get back to Vietnam, nor to his wife, who is suffering from cancer. When he hears of a girl (Ruth Gedda) who has been rescued from a burning house by a policeman (John Ritter), he is moved to help. It is not long before he meets the girl again, and the relationship becomes complicated. This is a movie that makes you think about your own life and the lives of others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original story is about a boy named Ben, a loner who's been living with his father, who's a veterinarian. They're living in a small town near the river, and it's not long before the father finds Ben wandering about the town in the middle of the night. It's obvious Ben's in a bad place, but Ben doesn't know what's wrong. What he does know is that his father's an old man and the two don't get along, and the father thinks Ben is a menace. Ben knows he's in trouble, so he heads for the nearby town of Woodman, where the local Sheriff knows Ben is living. The Sheriff's going to put him on trial. But Ben doesn,t want to go. He's not guilty, and he's going somewhere he's never been before.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie.  It's an entertaining movie that has some great action scenes and a great story.   I think this movie is a great addition to the Batman canon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that takes a lot of time to build up to, but after a while you realize that you are watching something really special. The story of the movie is based around a boy named Tatsuya, who is the son of a samurai who had died in a previous war. After his father's death, the samurai took his son and raised him in the same manner that his father had. Eventually, Tatsu was taken to a different school and lived his life as a normal child, except for a recurring dream that the ghost of his father would appear to him. One day, TATSUYA's dream comes true and a samurai appears. The samurai tells him that he is going to kill the boy's mother and Tatsu is forced to kill his mother. This is the first of the many conflicts that the samurai has with Tatsu, who he later kills. As a child, TATSUIYA was extremely powerful and very cruel. One time, he made his father wear a large red hat as punishment for not doing the laundry. As he grew up, he became very powerful and cruel. Tatsu became a great warrior, and he would kill anyone who he felt threatened. His most notable actions include killing an elderly woman and her young child because he thought that the woman's family was plotting to murder him, and his actions in the final battle are also quite bloody. This movie has a great story, a fantastic story, and a great ending that makes it a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I know it's an old film, but I like it very much. The movie is a good one, but with some strange and peculiar moments. I think the movie could have been better if it were filmed in a more serious style.   But, the story is really good, and the acting is very good too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My second favorite movie from the 90's is  My Own Private Idaho.  In it, the main character, a former Marine who has now turned into a hippie, finds himself with his girlfriend on a road trip.  The trip takes them across the desert to a place called "My Own Private State."  They have some issues with the local government who are trying to take away their land and make them leave.  A lot of the scenes in the film were filmed in a real ranch in Idaho.    I think this is probably one of the reasons it's one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic, and has stood the test of time. I was never a fan of the movie, but the original version by Michael Cimino is great, and this is just as good. The movie is based on the novel of the same name by Robert Bloch, and is one of the most beautifully shot movies I've ever seen. I'd recommend it to anyone.   I also thought the movie was a little too long at 9 hours and 30 minutes. I liked it much better when it was shorter.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie and the characters are all great.    The movie's story is quite simple.  The girl is a nurse and her husband is a dentist.  After his death she decides to leave the dentist and live with her daughter.  Unfortunately they are attacked by robbers and lose everything.  But luckily they get a new car.     The plot and characters are interesting.  It is an action movie, but the main character is more like a movie villain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure I've ever been this happy with a movie.   In fact, I'm a bit surprised I like this movie so much.  I've seen it a couple times before, but I'm still a little confused by how it's done.  It's set in a haunted house.  The whole movie has a very haunted feel to it.  One of the characters is in the middle of the night alone and is having some sort of nightmare.  This is followed by the guy getting the help of a man from the next room, who's dressed as a woman.  Then the guy goes outside to look for the woman. I think the whole thing is pretty creepy.  There are a lot of little things that make the movie really creepy. There are two little guys who are really creepy, but they're also kinda cute.  Even the guy with the big eyes is pretty weird.  Some of the actors are really good.  So the movie is a really creepy movie. I'd say the best part of the movie were the two little kids who act really like little zombies.  And that is what I like about this movie. It's a creepy movie, but it's also a kid's movie. And if it's a kid and he's scared, it's okay.  But the most interesting part is the ending.  At the end of the film the little zombie girl goes back to the man and says, "I'm sorry. I wasn't supposed to be here. I don't know why I came back."  I don t know why she went back.  Maybe the guys were right about her.  My favorite thing about the movie was when the guy came home.  He was dressed as the woman, but there was a black dress on underneath.  That was the coolest part of this movie for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure why it was that way.  For me it was a fun movie with a nice little twist at the end.  One thing I really like about the movie is how well it is shot and how nice the special effects are.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Star Trek" is one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen.  The original series, as well as the recent "TOS" movies, are excellent, and the cast is top-notch, especially for an original series.  Star Trek: The Next Generation - The Next Level "Star Trek The Next Dimension" is a good action-adventure movie.    The story is a classic "science-fiction" adventure story.  The plot is very good, and it is a fun adventure.  It has a good sense of humor, and you can tell the cast was having a lot of fun.  I like the fact that this was a new Star Trek movie, so I wasn't expecting any familiar faces.  In my opinion, the action is very strong, and has an interesting story.     "Star Wars" Star Wars: The Return of the Jedi  Star Wars is a sci-fi movie that has been loved since the days of Star Wars.  This movie is fun, fast paced, and entertaining.  While it is fun and fast paced and the story is great, there are some flaws.  There are some inconsistencies in the movie. The music is also not quite great, but I don't mind that.  Overall, I enjoyed this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is the greatest thing I have ever seen! It was a dream come true to see such a great movie made in England. The film has everything that a good comedy needs. It has the right amount of action, but doesn't get to far in its run time. It also has the perfect combination of comedy and romance that makes it perfect.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very enjoyable movie, with an amazing storyline and amazing special effects.   I liked the plot, and I was really pleased to see that it didn't just follow the typical story.  The characterizations are good, and the movie is interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have not seen the movie before, but I loved it! It was a nice story and was definitely a nice experience. It was also a good laugh.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie! I liked the movie and found it very entertaining. I think it is a great movie and a very funny movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film, and not just a good story. It is a great story, with a great cast and a good director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the concept of this movie. It is set in the 1950's, the year of the "mad scientist" who creates a giant mutant (I thought that was a good idea) and the "un-mad scientist". It has some interesting scenes. It has a great cast (not the greatest of which is that one), and the acting is fine, but a lot of the action is not great. It's a very low budget movie, but it's well worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this movie is pretty damn good.  The story is pretty interesting and the characters are pretty good. I really enjoyed the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best animated movies ever made, with one of the coolest characters ever, a talking pig with an evil grin, and a little girl who gets caught in the middle of all of this.   -  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie. I really liked the movie.   The only thing I would change is that it would have been better if the whole story was told in flashback instead of the present.  I would like to thank the cast and crew of this movie for making me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of people think that this movie is made for children, but I think it's actually made for adults. It's a fun little movie that I definitely recommend to the fans of The Simpsons.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like horror, then this is the movie for you. It is a great example of a modern horror movie. The cinematography is wonderful and the actors were great. If you are looking for a good scary movie then look no further!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie at the cinema a few years back and loved it. It is one of those classic noir films, in which the crime is so dark that you never know who is the bad guy. I'm not sure why this movie was made. Maybe it was the fact that the actress in the lead role is the same actress who played "Lola" in a similar movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I have seen in a long time, a masterpiece.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is simple. A young girl, her father and brother, go to a desert town for the weekend to find a lost puppy. Unfortunately the puppy doesn't appear and is never seen again. It is a short, but effective story and it doesn't need any extra action, which is very rare in these films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie, it was a little funny, a little tragic, and a whole lot of fun. The film was shot in Canada, and it was shot with a lot of great actors. The acting is pretty good, and I enjoyed watching all the people. The movie is really enjoyable and I recommend it to anyone who likes a good laugh and a sad movie.   Oh yeah, this movie has a lot more sex than the book. I don't remember the number of times I had sex in this movie. It was definitely a lot better than the first book.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was expecting the worst.   The first 10 minutes of the film had me rolling my eyes.  The whole movie is a parody of a bad movie.  For instance, in the first scene, there's a girl getting attacked by an alien monster.  She runs to the bathroom and screams, "What is this?"  The monster turns out to be a female alien who's going to rip her up and stuff her into the toilet.  In the next scene, the girl is again attacked by the monster, and she's in the bathtub.  This is a common scene in bad movies.  After this, the monster has sex with the girl and eats her.  But it's a bad sex scene.  It is not the sex scene, but the way the monster rapes the girl that makes me laugh the most.  And then it's over.  That's the first 10 seconds of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a storyteller, John Dies at the End  is a fine film that is fun to watch, funny and heart-warming.  And it was a hell of a movie, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film that is a remake of a film from the 50's. It was a good remake, but it's still too long.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of John Carpenter for many years.  When I was growing up I was obsessed with the Carpenter films.    My father was a huge fan of the original Halloween.   This is another excellent film by Carpenter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is really great, it does what it set out to do. It is a really good movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a really good movie, but it is also a really old movie.   I remember that it was a very long movie, and I think it was made in the late 1950's.  The plot is a simple one.  The "Grim Reaper" (I think he's the name of the "man" in the movie) is trying to kill his wife, the only person he really cares about.  He wants her to leave him, but she's too stubborn to leave.  One day, the Grim Reaper (I'm not sure of the spelling, I think the name "Gryffindor" is used) sends two boys (I assume they are his sons, since he seems to have some sort of connection with the boy who dies, and his "children") to the house of the man who is the only other person he's ever cared about. I thought this was really good.  I liked the fact that it wasn't too much of a gorefest.  It's a little slow, but still has enough good action to keep it interesting.  What really made it special for me was that it made me feel like a kid again.  This is an old, but really good film, and if you have the time, and the will, then I think you'll really enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is really good, and a great little family movie. The kids have lots of fun and do something they love - go to the park. I like this movie because it is different from other family movies. It is an hour long and has some fun parts and also some nice parts. I hope that they make another one soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I don't want to be in a movie about a woman who kills people. It is like seeing a woman with a knife in her hand, and then there's a man with a gun on the screen. I hate movies about women with guns. The gun looks like a gun from an action movie, like an assault rifle.  I can't get my mind around it."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie!  It's a little more serious than I like, but it's a good comedy.  The acting is all right, though it's sometimes a little stiff.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Citizen Kane" was first released in 1941 and was nominated for an Academy Award. It's a good film. I saw it on VHS when I was little and it was the first film I saw in a theater. I remember thinking, "Wow! This is a great movie! I wonder how it would look with 3D?" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are many great movies on the "horror" genre and some of them are quite good.  This movie is not one of them.    I've read reviews that say that this is a good flick, but it's not for me.  I'm not a horror fan.  There is nothing in this film that is scary.  The story line is really stupid.  And I know that some of you are going to say "Why are you criticizing this film?"   It's a good story line and I can understand why people like it, but I found it to be really stupid and I'm glad I didn't watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a good one. The acting is good. The story is very good. I was laughing all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie about 4 years ago in a theater in San Diego. I really liked the movie. I enjoyed it quite a bit.   It's a good, if a little slow, romantic comedy.  It had a lot of heart.  I would have loved to see it played at a higher tempo. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not a huge horror fan. I like to see a good horror film, but the horror genre in this country is not very strong. But that is a personal thing and I am sure some people out there will like this movie, especially if they like horror movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -The film begins with a man standing in a car park talking to a stranger on the phone.  The man tells him that he has an interesting story to tell, which begins with his father being shot dead in front of him. The father was a famous artist and a great painter, and his death was a major loss to the family.  In a way, the film is a retelling of the story with a different ending.   The film has a nice plot and some good special effects, but the story is a bit too long and drawn out.  -In the film's final scene, we find out that the father of the film was a well-known painter and his story is more a tale of greed than a tale about art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had not watched this before and thought it was the greatest thing that had ever happened to me. I was very surprised by it. It was just so much fun! It was really funny, and I laughed at the beginning and the end a lot. There was a lot of stuff going on in this movie, and it was very, very good. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good laugh!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is not bad and not a typical 'thriller' it's just that, it's not your usual movie. It's very different, I love it!   There are a lot of things that make this a unique movie: The characters are very different from one another, the situations they find themselves in are so different and unexpected, the action is intense and the characters are such a great mix of fun and horror, it just keeps you on the edge of your seat, and it's all so very well made.   I highly recommend this movie to all fans of horror, action, horror and a little bit of comedy. It will make you think.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story takes place in the 20th century. It takes place during World War II, and there are a lot of German people living in the area.   There are lots of scenes showing the Germans fighting against the Russians and the Russians fighting against German people.  It's pretty entertaining and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good little movie with a good story to tell.   The film opens with a girl's face on a beach and a young girl walking by with a book.  She asks her what she is reading and she answers "The Little Mermaid".  The scene then cuts to a small town with a school, a library and a diner.  A young girl is playing at the arcade, the place where children of all ages play.  There are a number of people in the diner. They have come for a picnic.  Then the little girl enters the room and begins reading.  Her mother tells her that she has to go back to her room.  The girl doesn't want to leave but her mother tells the little boy that he can stay with the girl.  He is told to sit and the girl asks him if he will help her with her book. The boy replies "no, I'm not a girl."  The little girl then looks out the window and asks the boy if he is really a girl. He replies that he is a boy, but that he will be a girl one day.  At that moment the mother asks the little man if he would like to be a mermaid.  In response the boy asks her if she would like a man.  They then continue to the next scene where they are playing in the beach.  This scene is rather long and has lots of little characters talking and laughing.  I enjoyed the movie quite a bit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to admit that I was expecting a lot more from this movie than what I got. This movie was shot in black and white, and in the movie they make a good job of showing the history of the US. The movie was actually pretty good, but the story line is quite silly. I am not sure why this movie got a release when so many other films out there have made more money than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best thing about this movie is that it is set in a world that is not so fantastical that the viewer is shocked by the most mundane things.   In one of the first scenes, the narrator tells us about the life of an English farmer.  The farmer is called John Smith.  He grew up on his family's farm in a very simple way.  In the farmhouse, the children were taught to do their work by a blacksmith.  The children were told to gather up the leaves from the trees, to gather the stones from the ground and to build a dam to hold back the flood.  This was done with the aid of a black servant who was a little less than perfect in his skills.  Smith never had any reason to think he was better than the blacksmith and never believed he could be any better.  As the narrator describes Smith's life, it seems to be a very happy one.  It is also a very quiet life.  However, in the third scene, Smith has to help a woman named Mary.  Mary is very sick and is being cared for by a very kind, but incompetent, woman named Nurse Mary.   Smith's job is to take the sick woman out into the garden and put her to bed.  After a while, Mary becomes quite restless.  She gets up and runs around the garden a bit.  When Smith comes to check on her, she is not there.  Apparently, she had been up all night in bed and has fallen asleep.  Then a terrible accident occurs.  Nurse Mary has run into a hedge and is crushed to death.  There is a great sadness in the narrator's voice as he tells us of this tragedy.  Later, in one of his visits to the house, Smith finds a very nice little child, called John.  John was just born and is only a few weeks old.  So, Smith decides to raise John himself.  Although, Smith is not very good at raising children, he has no trouble at all.  But soon the little John begins to be very ill.  During the illness, Smith spends a great deal of time with the sick little John.   Eventually, Smith notices something wrong.  For one thing, John is missing one eye.  Because John has lost one eye, he is not able to look in the mirror and Smith has a lot of trouble looking at himself.   At the same time,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The music is good, and the acting is great. It is a good time, with a lot of laughs. The only bad thing is that the movie is a little long at almost 3 hours, but it is worth the watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film and very well made.  I love the theme of it.  I am a big fan of the great "Hitchhiker" movies and this is a great one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a big fan of the original "Logan's Run" movie back in the day, and I still love it today. I have always liked the movie and I always thought the original screenplay for it was very original and funny. I can't remember if I ever saw this movie when it was in theaters back in 1981, but it is a real classic and I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the late 60s, a woman named Rosemary Clooney, who was the daughter of the head of a very powerful American conglomerate called Bantam Books, and who was married to the head editor of the book publishing company Bantam, married the author and poet William S. Burroughs.   She was a writer of many novels and short stories.  She had a long career as a literary critic and a literary reporter, with a special interest in poetry.  Her first husband died in 1968, and she was in the process of remarrying at the time of her death.  It was believed that her death was caused by a stroke.  On the evening of November 30, 1970, Burrough was driving to his apartment in San Francisco when a young woman driving a station wagon slammed into his car. She was not injured, but her car was badly damaged.  He was not hurt, and was not arrested.  The police found drugs in his car, including a small amount of marijuana.  They also found a letter, which they thought was a suicide note.  A year later, he was found dead in his apartment.  After his death, his family was convinced that he had been murdered by the woman who hit him with her car.  This has been a popular theory among conspiracy theorists, although some critics have questioned whether Burrough's death was really a suicide.  I'm going to leave that to the professionals.  There was no body to bury.  What happened was that Burrough, like most of the people of his generation, was caught up in the war in Vietnam. He had been a Marine, and he was very interested in the Vietnam War.  In addition to his literary interests, Burrows was a great tennis player and a good golfer.  While in the United States he was known to spend much time in San Fran, and his friends were also from that city.  But he also lived in Oakland, California.  His friends from Oakland said that Burrows always kept himself to himself, and did not seem to have a good relationship with anyone.  By 1970, when Burrough died, he had a lot of money. He owned a very beautiful home in the San Francisco Bay Area.  Rosemary's body was not found until 1971, and there were a number of strange things that happened during that time.  For example, one week after her death, her body was found floating in the bay
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fine movie with an impressive cast, great performances and a great script.  I would definitely recommend this film to anyone who enjoys movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie as a teenager. It is a fun time and a great movie.  It has a good script and the acting is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very enjoyable, well-made, and very well-acted movie about a man who works for the FBI investigating the murder of a woman in New York.   As far as I can tell, it's based on a novel, The Killing Season, by Thomas Harris.  There's a lot of humor and gore, but not quite enough to make me laugh out loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie I've seen in a long time. I have a feeling this movie will continue to be popular with the fans of the comic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of the "Dumb & Dumber" movies. They are fun, silly, silly movies. I am glad that the "Blazing Saddles" movie will finally be on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a good film that is a movie that we all should see. The movie is the story of two kids who are just friends. They go to the zoo and they meet a tiger that is not very friendly. The tiger is just a jerk and he will eat anything. The kids do not know that and they start to play with him. The boys and the tiger go on a great adventure together and it is the best movie I have seen so far. I recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not my style to say anything nice about a bad movie, but this movie was very bad, and I'm not sure I'd want to see it again.  If you are an angry young man who has a hard time taking a girl to the movies, then you might find it interesting to watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is well made, has some good special effects, and is a lot of fun to watch.   It is good to see a film that doesn't feature a lot on the big screen, and doesn't have a lot to do in the plot, but is still fun to look at and have some good laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:        I have a bad feeling about this movie because I really didn't like it. It's one of those movies where I can't figure out why there are so many people watching it. I've never seen this movie before, and I don't know what the appeal of it is. It starts out as a very entertaining and colorful movie, but as the movie progresses it becomes a very boring and boring movie. I don 't know if the movie was made to get a large audience or what, but I don' t think that's the reason that people are laughing at this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  I was completely lost from the start and that's when the movie gets good.    A great time to be had, I'd recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the sequel to my favorite movie, 'The Wizard of Oz'. I love this movie and it is still one of my favorite movies.   I really hope you guys like it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "You don't have to like it, but you've gotta watch it." -- Tom Hanks, American Sniper  War film! It is the war film that no one wants to see! What is it about? What is its plot? Why, it's a remake of "Saving Private Ryan" with a black hero. "A black man in a white world". What more do you need? What could have been better? But it is just that! What could be better? This film, as you may know, has received numerous accolades and awards. It is praised for its realism. The director of photography, David O. Russell, has won numerous awards. But that is not the most important thing. The most important part of this film is what it shows us about racism. How did racism become so prevalent in this country? What are the effects of racism on the black community? And what do we do about it? It is important for you to know that the film is set in the 50's, and there are many references to Civil Rights. And it is important that you understand that racism is not just a Southern thing. It has existed for thousands of years in America, and it will exist for thousands more. So how do we overcome racism? By understanding that racism doesn't exist by race, but by class. We see how racism is perpetuated in a number of different ways, including through educational institutions. We also see how the white community is not very helpful in dealing with the problems. We even see how black and white people can work together. There are many times when white people are helping each other. In this movie, we see how this is done, through the various organizations and groups that are formed to help the black people. And there is a lot of work to be done. And we see it all. How can we get rid of racism? Through education. We know how to do that. We have to take care of our own. And, yes, we have to work with our white friends. We are not the only ones who have problems. There is a white person who is not helping the black population. He's not helping. He is not doing anything. And that white person is a racist. There's another black person who doesn't help the white population. That black person is not a racist; but he's a racist because he doesn't want to help. We all have to get to a place where
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'll go to my grave believing that I made the right decision, but the fact is I can't believe I didn't make the right one"  I thought the movie was good, and the plot was interesting.  As far as I'm concerned, I don't see how the movie can be considered a "classic" or a "cult classic", since it's an action movie, which is nothing new in the world of action movies.  The film is quite short.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The ending of this movie is perfect, the ending has a really good sense of irony, as it is clear that the real goal of the movie is to try and kill the audience by having them watch this movie, and the irony of it all is that the ending of the film, when the villain is about to die, the camera is in slow motion and shows the audience that the end is coming, the audience is shocked at the end and is completely surprised at how it has ended, and it shows how it is that they were able to kill the villain in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was a bit slow at the start but gradually got faster and faster, until the end there was only one shot after another and that shot was in a cemetery and it was a nice one.   It has a wonderful soundtrack by the way, I think it was more of a comedy than a horror film but it still had some horror in it, the only thing I didn't like was that the film ended rather abruptly and I thought it was just a bit too quick, but that may have been my own personal feeling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie.   I really enjoyed this movie and the whole cast is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really like this movie and I've seen it a couple of times. It's about a girl that was born in the wrong year and had to move back in with her parents, only to be caught by the police while stealing some money from the house of a rich man. She gets a job as a clerk in a department store and does well at it, until the boss decides to take her job away. She goes to the police station and reports her boss and her situation, and the cop who is in charge of her case. The movie is well shot and well acted, and I like how it tells the story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a genre that has been so popular in the United States, this film is a bit strange in its approach, and its ending is somewhat of a let down. The story revolves around the efforts of a small group of scientists to produce an extraterrestrial intelligence, and it is this that drives the story. The plot is very interesting, as it includes a few different aspects that all blend together nicely. There is a good deal of science in this film, and a good amount of social commentary. The film is very thought provoking, and although it can be a bit slow at times, it is always a very engaging film. It is worth watching for this reason alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts off with a young girl named Maddy (Amanda Peet) on her way to work. After she gets to work, she notices that a young man named Mark (Brenton Thwaites) has been watching her and acting a bit strange.  He has been hanging around the office at lunchtime and the day shift is starting soon.   Maddy is not sure how he came to be there.  He then approaches her with a proposition.  The boy says that he wants to be her friend.  Muddy waters indeed.  She thinks that she is just being paranoid and she starts talking to Mark.  What is his problem?  He claims that he has a crush on Maddy and he needs her to help him take a girl to his friend's party.  It doesn't end there.   The young man says that if Maddy won't help him, he will take the girl to the party.   It is not long before the two girls are having sex in the office.  A young woman has gone into the office with a box of condoms.  There is a lot of fun going on and the girls are very happy.  In a scene right after the girls have had sex, a woman comes into the building.  Her name is Julie (Sarah Silverman).  Julie wants to get in on the action.  Julie's plan is to make Mark and Maddy do the deed.  After some persuasion, Mark agrees.  That's when the film gets really weird.  First the two young girls get into a taxi.  Then, they get into another taxi.   They then get into the taxi with a woman.   A man who is driving the car gets in and out of the cab a few times.  One thing leads to another and we end up with a whole lot of sex.  I found it really weird but I guess it is the plot that makes it funny.  This movie is great!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are a lot of great films to be found in this genre, so it is hard to decide which to choose.  But the movie I liked the most was "The Good Earth".  It is a story about the effects of a natural disaster on a small family, and is one of those rare movies that make you laugh out loud while also being extremely sad.  This movie is also very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first half of this movie is good. It's got some good story elements to it, and it has a strong female lead. The second half is where the problems begin. There are three or four characters who are trying to kill the protagonist. The protagonist isn't exactly the sharpest tool in the shed. He gets killed about halfway through. This movie is definitely not for the faint of heart. It is a movie about death and death on a very personal level.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think the original movie is good enough to make it to my top ten list, but I would be happy to recommend it to anyone who likes good horror movies, and this is just that.  It is a well-acted and scary movie, and I'm happy that it exists. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a classic movie about a man who's a priest. This movie is very well made and interesting. The priest and his wife are very loving and caring.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw the movie in theaters. I did not mind the long wait for it to be released, but I did mind the movie being so awful. The movie takes place in the 1950's, and it is supposed to be an old western, with lots of old west movies. The acting is awful, and the plot is a disaster. I guess it was written to be a cheap western movie, so they didn't have to worry about acting. They have to do the best they can, and they do not do it very well. There is no way a movie can be like this, it is like watching a bad version of "The Dukes of Hazzard." There is not a single good thing about this movie, and that is why I gave it a 3/10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was made in 1959, but it's very interesting to see it in 2014.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only good thing about this movie is the great performances by both the stars, and the great acting. I love a good sci-fi movie.  It can be a little hard to get into, but it's a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie that will appeal to the entire family.  The story is a good one, the characters are wonderful and the effects are wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie.  The film is good, but not great.    It's a story of a family who have lost a son in a plane crash.  In this movie, the mother and father work together to help pay for his funeral.  The story of the film is about a man who wants to fly.  He has to pay for the funeral of his brother in a very expensive private jet.  However, his brother is a pilot and knows what he is doing.  After a few mishaps, the plane crashes and the son of the pilot, who died, comes back from the dead.  And he wants to help the family to pay off their son's funeral. The film is pretty much a love story between the father and the mother.  It is sad.  But the film has an upbeat ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie and the first 3 minutes of the movie were amazing. I would like to see this movie more often!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a year filled with great movies, this one is definitely a classic. It has all the makings of a classic movie: strong, dramatic story, memorable characters, interesting special effects and a good mix of humor.  This movie has a great mixture of good and bad: the good are good, the bad are bad, and the bad makes the good even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I can see why people have been looking for a sequel to this movie since it came out.   This movie, like most of John Waters movies, is full of sexual humor, but that doesn't mean it's not full of sex.  The movie follows two male models, John and Johnny, who decide to go to Vegas to "take some pictures".   John and his model pal, Johnny, spend the evening trying to take pictures of a beautiful female body, the beautiful lady is actually a man.  This male body is very large and strong, and John and John's friend, Jerry, are very interested in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always been a fan of the original The Shining, but I always wanted to see a movie about the real-life events that happened after the movie was shot. And it did not disappoint me!   After reading a lot about the murders, it was not until I went to the actual movie that I realized just how far out there this story went.   There are some pretty strange stories in this movie, and some pretty amazing visuals that will have you scratching your head.  And then the murder of the main character and the other people that appear to be involved is just sick.  I'm not sure if I'm supposed to be laughing or crying, but I couldn't help but laugh at the end of this.  The main character is just a poor man's version of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.  He's got a wife and kids.  It was very hard to get through this movie.  As a fan, I was glad that this story is still not being told in Hollywood.  This is a good story, but it's not a movie I want to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - December 2, 2015One of the most original films I've seen in a long time!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good and fun little film, and you get a good sense of how these guys do it.  They do a good job of making a good time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this film several times and it has always impressed me. The acting is top notch and is well matched with the action. It has a story that is a real work of art and one of the best I have ever seen.   A must see!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't really see this movie. It wasn't on the big screen, but it was a fun little movie. I've seen some good, fun movies in my time, but I never thought I'd see one so funny.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, silly, silly movie, that is very enjoyable. It has lots of jokes and references, and even includes a few "Star Trek" moments. This is an entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little over a decade ago, I watched the first two episodes of the series, and loved them. I even bought the second season at the same time. This is a great continuation of the adventures of the titular heroes.   I've been waiting a while to see more of these characters, and this was a very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie. It's a classic "man in a bad situation" story. The main character, a widowed woman, moves into a dilapidated old house. She has three sons and a daughter and one of her sons dies. She is widowed, with no income, no job, and no savings. Her son has a great reputation. He is in the Army. He has served in Viet Nam. When he comes back he has a wonderful job. The daughter has a job as well. She lives alone. She works in a bank. She's a successful woman. But, she doesn't get a lot of money. I know that sounds terrible, but, it's true. The husband is always away on business. The mother is very unhappy. The father isn't home. The son goes to college. The oldest son is married. The youngest son lives with his mother and father. It was great to see these two characters. It made me think about my own life. It reminded me of a great father/son story.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A darkly comic movie, set in the dark streets of the underworld. It is a good story.  There are no strong emotions in it but we are not supposed to like it.   "  Posted by Mike Sargent at 8:25 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been looking forward to this for a while now and I'm glad I finally saw it. It's a very well done thriller.   There is no question in my mind that it's a classic of the genre, but I can't say I had a lot of sympathy for its protagonist. I really didn't like him. I thought that he was too naive and too easily manipulated. I think he would have been a lot better off if he'd been more of a man and a hero. His life is full of ups and downs and he has a very interesting relationship with his family, but that's about it. I'm not going to tell you too much about it but there's a little something for everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is a fun ride with some fun characters.  I do not know how the movie gets made, but it is worth a watch.  This is a very good movie that will keep you entertained.  It is an adventure film, but one that does not take itself too seriously.  The story is fun, but the characters are not that much fun to watch. The ending of the movie is a little cheesy, but I like it.    I gave this movie a 4 out of 5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this film many times, probably in its original release, but I've also seen it in its remastered version in its Blu-ray.  It's a well made film, well acted and well directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A pretty great story about a group of high school kids who find themselves caught up in a murder.   One of my favorite movies  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie.  I haven't seen any of the other movies by Paul Verhoeven, but this is the first that I found that I really liked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie!   It's a wonderful film that I enjoyed immensely.   One of my favorite movies from the last few years! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does not have any good parts, or bad parts, but a lot of things are just bizarre, weird and off putting.  The movie does have a great storyline, but the ending is so strange and out of place it is like a dream.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an interesting movie. I didn't think it would be, but it is a very well made film. I liked it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love the movie. It's not a perfect movie, but it is a good, fun, and silly one. It doesn't have the best acting, but that's just part of the game. This is a comedy, and it is funny. It does have some moments of drama, but there's a lot of humor and silliness in this movie.   It's not exactly a perfect film, but I do think that it's a good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is very much a product of its time. This is not an American film. It is not a Hollywood film. Nor is it an Indian film. And it is not even a French film. But that is the very thing that makes it so interesting. It has its own unique style, and it does not try to copy anybody else. It does its own thing and does it well. And that is what I like about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know if it was a coincidence or just a matter of time but I was so pleased with the film that I wanted to watch it again. I watched it several times and found it to be one of the best films I have ever seen. I loved the characters, the action and the humor. I am glad I watched this film and I look forward to more!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun little movie. I was glad it ended on a happy note. It is a simple little film, and there is nothing more to say about it other than that it was a lot of fun.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "We're back in space!"  Huzzah!  Well, sort of.  We're in the future and our heroes are living in a city that looks like a giant version of the planet Earth.    This is a great science fiction movie and one that is much more fun than it is serious.  This movie is not exactly a comedy, but I think that this is an exception to the rule.  It is very funny and I found myself laughing every time.  The movie starts out with a scene in a park with the two aliens in the foreground and the two humans in the background.  In the background is a guy running on a treadmill and he is not doing too well.  Then the alien guys come running up to the treadmill and they both are going up and down and all over the place.  They are running all over, they are running and running and they are so fast that it makes you wonder what their muscles are made of. After they have gone a little way they come back to the park and the humans are not impressed.  After that they all go to sleep, except for one guy who thinks that he can get them to move a little.  He starts yelling at them.  That guy is actually very annoying and is really annoying and he does a lot of yelling and screaming and complaining and whining and talking.  But when the aliens wake up they are amazed at the way the guy is acting and they all start doing the same thing.  Eventually the guy goes out and he tries to tell them what they are doing and they have no idea what he is talking about.  Unfortunately this does not work so the guy starts telling them about the future.  I really enjoyed this movie and I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys a little comedy in the middle of a serious sci-fi movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie back in '93, and now I'm going to watch it again. It is a great movie and I like the characters so much. I also think that the movie is quite interesting and fun to watch. I like how it deals with the subject of abortion, and the way that the characters respond to it. I can't remember any of the lines from the movie, but I have a few that I remember very well.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is really well acted. I think they played the role well.   I am not sure what this movie is about but I am sure it is not bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this is a great film and a very well made film. It is a very clever film, and a brilliant one too. I will go as far as saying that it is an American film made in England. I can't believe it.    Rating: 8 out of 10  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the cinema on a Friday evening and I knew that I was not going to be able to sit through a boring old romantic comedy.  That is until I started to see the title.    The film is based on the story of an Italian couple who moved to England, but then divorced.  There was only one problem.  One of them (the man) was married to his cousin.  It was quite a strange story.  They were both very attractive, and had very loving parents.  I liked their marriage a lot.  The romance was quite good, but I didn't care for the ending.  My favorite scene is when the cousin (I think it was him) and the Italian are talking about their lives, and they are both very passionate.  Then he turns to her and says, "Now that's the kind of life I want."     I loved the movie, and I think it would make a great movie for a date. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a good story, but it is mostly in the form of a melodramatic romance, and not the sort of thing that you can really sit through for an hour.  It is a little too dramatic and it seems to be a movie that is too often made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this is a good idea, but the movie could have been a lot better.   In the end the movie ends with a big joke, but it doesn't make me laugh out loud, because it is a very simple joke.  It is a movie that is not funny, it is too simple to be funny, but that is the way it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good time with a great cast of actors.  I was just about to call it a "cursed" film until I heard "it is made by Hollywood".  It is just the way it is, with a good script and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fantastic, fun movie.   I found myself laughing at a lot of the funny stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic take on a classic movie. The acting is excellent, the cinematography is stunning, and the acting is terrific. It is a great movie for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Handsome and handsome, and he's in great shape. " "Honey, I'm just a regular guy like you, I like to play tennis, and my dad is a good teacher." "I'm gonna hit the ball, I don't care about how long it takes me to get to the ball. I don''t care how big it is, I just like to hit it, you know? Just like me." And that's what I love about him: his love of the game. I think it's a very important element in sports. If you have a love of it and a passion for it, and you can work with a lot of guys that don't have that passion, and it's very important to have a passion. That's what a good coach can do for you. They can give you a lot more energy, a lot better work ethic, and I think that's important. A lot of coaches are like, 'Hey, why are you playing so well? You're playing poorly.' You have to know how to handle that. If I were playing poorly, I would go to my coach, and say, 'Listen, I feel like I'm not being coached.' He'd say, `You don't play well. Let's go to your coach. Let him work with you.' I think a lot people need that. I know that myself. I didn't play great, but I had a lot going on. I had my wife and I had kids, and a lot to think about. I'm glad I was able to coach with him. He made me better. I learned a lot from him, and that's a good thing."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know about you guys but I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who was hoping that this movie would end on a positive note. That being said I can't stop laughing at how the poor guy was so much fun to be around. He was always so happy and always wanted to have a good time. He even made a bunch of puns in the end. But the real fun was watching him play with his friends. He always seemed to get into the mood when he was around them. And they all seemed to like him even when they were laughing at his antics. He's a funny guy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film starts out a little slow, but that's a good thing. This movie is just a great, old-fashioned, good time flick with a great cast.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an incredibly well done, funny, and well acted film. It features a great cast, and a very funny script, by a very talented writer, which is not an easy thing to do. I think that it will be a long time before I watch another film about a man who gets a new car and it starts to get really good, as it gets more powerful.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was expecting a bad movie with a bad director.  It didn't disappoint.    This movie is about the murder of a young girl.      I'm glad this movie got a good rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good and the animation is well done.  It's a well done horror movie, with a good cast of characters.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic that still stands the test of time.  Not only did the cast look like they were playing in a high school production of The Wizard of Oz, but they actually had fun doing it.    I don't think I need to explain this movie is a good time. I would recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found it a good, if not great, comedy. The movie itself is about a man who is forced to be a professional wrestler for a promotion called the National Wrestling Alliance.   After losing his job, he has to fight his way back up through the ranks of the NWA and find a job somewhere.  He is an average guy, who is very insecure, but when he meets a beautiful woman, who claims to be the daughter of a high-ranking member of the organization, he gets sucked into their world.  A lot of the movie is spent trying to get him to fall in love with the woman.  This is a comedy, but a funny one, and very well acted.  The only flaw in the movie was that it was rather long, and I felt like I was watching a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I notice about The Exorcist  is that it is very, very much in the spirit of the old Roman Catholic exorcisms of the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. The scenes are presented in a similar manner as the ones in the original Roman Catholic ritual (I know, I know, this is a very, VERY different thing), and it has a very good atmosphere. It was made in the 1930s, so the language is not as strong as it is in the modern films, but the story is very interesting and the film is very well-acted by a lot of good actors. The movie is really a good one and has a lot to recommend it, and I hope that it gets the American distribution it deserves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The second half of the movie is a mix of the first half with a bit more suspense and drama, though it still isn't much. I found this to be a good film to watch on the train because of how good the acting was, with some really funny scenes. It is very good to have a story with a twist ending that will have you laughing until you can't anymore.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's an all time favorite, I have to admit it was the first time I saw a horror movie with a female protagonist, but still, I was not afraid at all, and the scares were very well done.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good family movie. The kids are all in on it. There is even a good song about a "bad boy" and a "good girl".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot is good: The plot takes a rather strange turn at the beginning, as one of the main characters, J.R. is on a trip with his girlfriend (and the "pregnant" wife of a neighbor), but gets a job offer in New York. After a visit to New York, he finds himself in an unexpected situation, as a man is killed and his family, who happen to be a couple, are kidnapped by an evil group of people. There's no explanation as to why they are doing this, or who the villains are. I found that odd, but not a bad thing. There is a great scene in the middle of the movie, as the main character is talking with a friend about the "jungle" (Jungle Jim) and they discuss the differences in the two:  It's not so bad that I won't watch it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a real life "Mystery of the Missing Van" that I was so interested in. I mean, this movie has a lot of "mystery" to it. I don't think it is as well done as some of the movies from the old days like "The Missing Person" (that's a good one). I do think this movie is better than the movies that came out a few years before it. You can't beat this movie for mystery. It is one of those movies that I don´t like to watch too much, but it has a mystery that makes it great! It is a bit slow paced, but I like that a lot. I like to see things that are slow paced and not that fast. It has a very "old west" feel to it, but at the same time it is very modern. The characters are very good. The story was good. It was a real "mysterious" movie. I hope this movie gets made again some day. I am sure there are some people who will enjoy it. It took me awhile to decide to watch this movie, because the trailer was bad. It just had a bunch of guys talking about the past. That was it. The movie was OK. The people who were talking about it didn´t seem that great. I really like the actors in it. They are all good. I just don´ t like to have to watch a movie to see the actors. It would be more fun if you could see the movie and then go out and talk to the people that are in it with your friends. I think the best thing about this movie was that I saw it with my friends. The only problem I had with it was that there were too many scenes in it (it is a long movie). There was a scene at the end of the movie that was a good scene, but there were so many other scenes that I found boring. This is a movie I would recommend to anyone who is a mystery lover like myself.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this film, Robert De Niro plays the lead role in a crime thriller. De Niero (Robert De Nieri), is a professional con man, with a penchant for dressing up in fancy clothes and fancy hats. He lives in a grand house with a servant (Carla Gugino) who does not get on with him. DeNiero's sister (Lily-Rose De Niell) is an old lady and lives alone. In a fit of jealousy, DeNieri is determined to take her away and marry her, and he does so by posing as a wealthy landowner, and then stealing the property from him, before the police find out about it. The real owner (Doris Day) refuses to return the property and DeNiere has to go to prison, where he meets a girl (Susan Strasberg) and they have a romantic tryst. After he escapes prison and gets back to his sister's home, he is confronted by a man who claims to be his old friend (played by Don Murray). The man's name is Robert (Robert Duvall). After a few days of friendship and getting to know each other, the two of them decide to work together. They are hired to steal a valuable diamond ring from a jeweler (Robert Downey, Jr.) who has made a fortune in the business. They try to fool the jeweler, but are discovered and they both get arrested. Deenor De Niere (Robert DeVito) and Robert Downey Jr. play the two main characters. I enjoyed the movie a lot, although I was not a fan of the first film, and I thought the plot was rather convoluted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a fan of the series. I love how it takes on a dark story about a group of men who are trying to escape a small town that is going to be destroyed.   It is not the most well written story and it is easy to see why it was not popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's been a long time since I watched a movie like this and I'm happy to see the sequel still being a top movie in this genre.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a simple but very effective piece of cinema.  One of the most beautiful movies I have seen in my life.  One of my favorite films:   This is one of my all time favorite movies.    I have not seen it since I was a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The final scene was amazing.  I didn't know this movie was going to end so soon.    It ended so beautifully.  It was beautiful.  The ending of this movie is awesome!   I'm really glad it's over.  I loved this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun movie, with good acting.   The story is about a boy and his dog that live in a cabin in the woods. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting look at the effects of the drug war on a small town. The characters are all decent, but the story is a little thin. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I loved the movie so much that I watched it several times.  The music is wonderful and the story is very good.  I will say that it has some technical issues that are hard to understand at times. I did understand how the film worked.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot, though not original, is well done and the characters are well written and developed.    This movie is a bit silly but it's still a good one and worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great way to pass the time between school and summer vacation. I was expecting a boring and unimaginative story about a boy's quest to save his younger brother from the clutches of the monster. But this is much more than that. It is a fantastic adventure with lots of great character development, and great fight scenes. It has a great plot and a great voice cast. If you haven't seen this movie yet, do yourself a favor and watch it right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My mom saw this on the local movie channel and I was very pleased. I thought it was very funny and very well made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a simple and fun film with a well-acted movie star and a great plot.  There is not much in the way of special effects, but it's a good little movie and it should be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   This is a good story about a man who was supposed to be dead for a hundred years, and who gets resurrected by his faithful dog.   The movie has good effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit that this movie was really enjoyable. It was an interesting and unusual movie, but it was a fun and interesting movie all the way through.   The plot line was a bit slow for my taste, but I guess it was meant to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story:  The story revolves around a man who has a problem with a giant rat (who is his pet).  The rat is not only very big, but it also has the ability to control the earth by controlling earthquakes, which causes the man to try and fight it off with his own super-strength (which comes from his mother).   A good comedy that's worth watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was excited about seeing this movie and it was great!  The movie had a good story line, some comedy, and it had a little bit of a romance.  It was a little different than your typical action movie and that's why I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have watched this movie many times, but each time I found myself looking forward to more, as the more the better.   The characters are very interesting.  I like the way the story is presented.  A little too much action is used for nothing, but the story doesn't get boring.  One of the best things about this movie is that there are no "sad" scenes, it is just a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been a fan of this movie for years now. It's a fun little comedy about a couple who just moved in next door to a young woman who is a prostitute. The neighbors are so scared of her that she's forced to take off her clothes at night to avoid getting caught. The neighbor, of course, is the only guy who knows what she does at night.   It's one of those films where there is something really charming about it. The actors are all good, and the director is really on top of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-made and interesting story with an interesting twist on the story. It's a story about the future of the US, and its dependence on the oil industry. It follows the exploits of two astronauts who are sent to explore an unknown planet. The astronauts get lost and eventually find out what it is that's causing the planet to be uninhabitable. It has a good mix of humor, suspense, and mystery. It doesn't have the most engaging plot of all the alien-invasion-and-alien-invader movies, but it's not bad and doesn't drag, and the story does a good job of keeping the story moving along and the actors keep up their characters.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The original "B" movie of "The X-Files" (the original one, not the remake or the remake of the remake, because that's a bad idea), "The Human Centipede" is about a group of people who are so twisted that they can be both human and a centipede. There are a number of scenes where the movie just works, and there are a few where the "B"-style humor can come off as a little over the top, but overall it's a good "B-movie" that should appeal to fans of the original show.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not at all worried about the quality of the movie, as I was expecting a good one. I would have liked to see a few more characters in the movie besides the three main ones, but that's not a big deal. The story is quite interesting and is a bit of a twist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little movie. It has some great actors and a good story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Dirty Harry" (1964) is an awesome movie with a great cast. It's based on a book by the same name by author Robert Galbraith and it's pretty good.   A dirty cop named Harry Callahan (Gary Cooper) is sent by the police to do some undercover work and he ends up having to kill some bad guys in the process.    The movie starts with the title character having to attend a funeral. It is a very sad movie, the first scene being the funeral for a cop who was killed by his partner and it shows how a bad guy can ruin a good cop's life.  In the beginning of the movie Harry calls his old partner James Bond (Sean Connery) to help him get his revenge on a guy named John Walker (David Niven) who is threatening him. Harry and Bond set out to get revenge and when they come to Walker's house they find a bunch of dead people.  The next scene is when Harry and Walker come to Harry's apartment and he makes a deal with him. Walker tells Harry that if he helps him get rid of the dead bodies they will share the profits.  After Walker leaves Harry goes back to his house and gets a gun from the basement. He takes the gun from his bed and goes back downstairs to where the bodies are laid out.  When he comes back down to the basement he finds a gun and a dead man in the closet. Harry goes upstairs and kills all the dead people with the gun.  He then goes upstairs to where Walker is and shoots him.  Once Walker is dead he tells Harry to keep the gun and get rid off the bodies.  They then go back to Harry and he takes a picture of the gun he took and leaves.  There is a scene in the next scene where Harry is looking at a book of people who had a lot of trouble with the law and he sees a picture and the name "Marlon Brando" and he realizes he has a problem.  Harry calls the police and tells them what happened and he is sent to take some time away from the office and go to the hospital.  What happens next is one of the most famous scenes in movies history.  This is probably the most controversial scene in movie history and that is why I think it is great.  It is the scene where Brando (playing himself) tells Harry he's a "great actor" and tells him he is better than
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's pretty much a must watch.   The plot is fairly basic:  A woman who lives in the town of Pikes Peak and a few other towns on the Colorado Rockies find themselves in the middle of a plot by an evil, sadistic man to take over the entire country, using the occult to control the masses.  They fight the evil man and rescue their town.  A pretty simple plot.  This movie is very dark, and while the movie does contain a bit of nudity, there is very little of it.  It's all in the way the characters behave.  The characters are almost like a cross between the main character, and the evil mastermind, who are both very good looking, very dark and very evil.  My wife actually said this was a great movie and she didn't even watch it the first time.  I did however and it was pretty much perfect.  Overall I think this is a good, but not great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies ever made and has one of best endings ever. A fantastic, thrilling film with one of most original endings ever and is a must see movie for any fan of science fiction.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, entertaining, family-friendly movie.  I had the opportunity to work with Tom Selleck a few times.    He's a great actor, and a great guy.  He knows how to keep a straight face.  This movie is a comedy with a dark edge.  There's no shortage of bad guys and bad times.   It's a fun ride, and I was glad I watched it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard some people saying this was a bad movie. I've heard the same people saying it was a good one. The thing is, I never really liked the first film. It seemed like the filmmakers were afraid of making a movie that was truly good.  But this one isn't.   It's great.  This movie is a good example of how to do a great sequel.  The movie takes place about two years after the first movie.  It seems like the film was made after the success of the first.  But it doesn't feel like that.  There are still things that are the same in the movie. This is why it's a good sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film that I enjoyed a lot. The movie starts out with a scene of the little boy who is a genius and can solve almost any problem with a thought.   It is at this moment that the movie shows us how much he loves his little sister and how much his father loves him.      Then we have the evil Dr. K and his evil plans to kill the baby.  But the baby doesn't die and then we get a little kid who wants to help his little brother.  I don't like children but I did like the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little skeptical about a film that would star me and a group of people from the late 1980's. But, the good people at The People's Theatre were great to work with, and, I was pleased with the quality of the performance I got. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that deserves to be in a collection of good movie, the story line is great, the acting is good, the music is good. I will say that there are some scenes that are somewhat ridiculous, but that's just a small part of the movie, overall it's a good one!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the first scene we see a young girl walking down the street with a little dog. The dog barks and the girl stops, stares at the dog, looks at the people on the sidewalk and then looks back at the little dog and says "you're just a dog" then walks away.   I like the idea of a dog who can speak, although that isn't really a dog.  I'd call it a "dog who talks" but the dogs in this movie don't really talk, the dog just looks like a little girl talking to a dog, or is that a little boy talking to his little dog?   This is a funny little film that makes me laugh, although I don't think the film has the best acting in it.  It's a good little comedy and the dog's personality really is endearing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that will have you thinking and talking about it long after the movie is over.  As a whole, it's not very good but the plot is great, the performances are great, and it's really just a joy to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most enjoyable movie I've seen all year. The characters are likeable, the movie itself is well made and the story line is clever and clever. It's just a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is really a wonderful movie, I enjoyed it and I really want to see more of this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie. It was funny, dark, and a bit scary. I loved how the movie went to the other side of the tracks. I felt like I was watching a western or something like that.   It was a little overrated in my opinion.  I like it better than The Rock.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie I have ever seen. It is very dark and mysterious. I love it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "What's wrong with you, huh?" That's the question I'm asking myself as I watch this movie.  It's a good film, and it makes me think of the original Star Wars, which I think was my favorite movie of all time, so I was excited to see a remake.    It's not bad, just very mediocre at best.  I think I would have preferred a more original story or maybe a more modern story that takes place in the year 3000.  The special effects look old and very dated, and the special effects used in this film don't impress me at all.  It's just a really bad movie that has the same old recycled effects from the 70's and the 80's.  If you like Star Wars you'll like this movie, but I doubt you'll find much enjoyment in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie and was disappointed.    I didn't like the story very much, it was just too generic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this classic movie, a couple has been living happily in the suburbs for a number of years. Then one night, a freak accident brings home a dark secret to the couple: their son is gay. As the family goes through the traumatic process of coming to terms with this revelation, it is important to note that the filmmakers were able to make the movie look incredibly realistic in almost every scene. This movie will always be one of my favorite movies, even though I haven't seen it since it came out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about the movie is that it's not too complicated.  It's easy to follow, and if you're a fan of the Twilight series, it's a good watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  Weird, fun, and completely entertaining, this film takes a great look at the nature of men, as seen through the eyes of a pair of twins.  In the first few minutes, we are introduced to the twins (the actors are perfect), then they proceed to have a "play-fight" that is hilarious.  The first half is all in the twins' voices, which is really funny.  Then, in the second half, they switch, with one of the twins speaking in a British accent.  I love British accents, so it was great to hear one of them speak so well!  The film was fun, but at times it seemed like it was trying to be too much.  But for me, it wasn't.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is great! The story is good, the actors are all excellent, and the production is great. I am looking forward to the sequel!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie that can't fail.   There is a certain charm to it and it is easy to see why this is a great film.  It's got a great cast of actors in it and is full of charm and fun.  I will definitely be watching more of these films! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this was a great movie, I love the action in this movie, it's just like the old "Buster Keaton" movies, you have to love the violence in this one, but it has a good story, but what I liked best was the use of different types of camera angles to give you a sense of the wide range of action, the wide shots of the characters fighting were so great, you feel like you are there, you can't believe the punches they throw, you see the blood gushing out of the bad guys, it was just like "Buckaroo Banzai" only much more extreme and the violence is just ridiculous! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite movies of all time.   This is a classic.  It is a very well-acted movie, but one of the things that makes it so well-liked is that the whole movie is really funny.  And it is a great time. I've been watching this movie for a while now and still find myself laughing.  The dialogue is great.  We have an old man who is an alcoholic, a woman who hates men, a husband who has a problem with his wife, a young man who's a little girl, a beautiful woman who's trying to break away from her husband, a rich woman who is jealous of her rich husband, an ugly woman who loves a young boy and is going to have sex with him and a young girl who has no idea what she's doing, but has no problem pretending to be an ugly person.  There are some great performances.  John Belushi as the old man.  Bill Murray as the alcoholic.  Paul Newman as the wife.  Steve Martin as the young boy.  Sam Neill as the beautiful woman.  I also love that the film was written by Stephen King. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a true story of the "Grave Digger" of a famous English archaeologist who went out in search of the Great Wall of China. He was lost in the mountains for a year and a half and after a few weeks he was rescued by a Chinese farmer who brought him to his home in a bamboo cage.  He spent a few years with the farmer, who took him hunting and fishing in the rivers, and then one day the farmer died.   This depressed the "Digger", who was very depressed, so he took a hammer to the wall of his house and broke it in two.  The farmer's wife came and asked for a reward, but the "Digger" said no, he would just dig around and let the wall fall apart.  One day while he was working with the wood, a young man ran by with a basket and shouted that he had found a new treasure in the house.  When the " Digger's" wife saw him she told him to get out.  But he just sat and waited.  Finally she came down and saw that the wall was a good deal more solid than she had expected.  She came out and told him he was to take it away and it was a Chinese wall.  After he had the wall he began to dig at it and eventually he came to a little opening and was amazed to see that he could reach down and push it out.    The "Gravedigger" finally found his lost treasure!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is very interesting and the characters are very good.    A film like this is always interesting, and it's always interesting to watch a movie like this because there's always something to learn from it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in a little movie theater, with a group of friends, and we were watching a bad movie. I don't want to give away too much, but it has some good acting, and I thought it was a fun movie. It was made in 1970. The first time I ever saw it, I thought the movie was great, but I wasn't so sure about the ending. I'm not sure if I'm going to watch it again. I'd like to see it again, just for the ending, and for the humor.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is funny, the acting is great, the plot is clever and the music is great. The acting is good, especially the girl who is an idiot who falls in love with a giant and gets turned into a giant. The director is a genius, he is really good at making a movie, I really enjoyed this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to be honest with you:   The movie is terrible.    The characters are stupid, the acting is bad, the plot is nonsensical, and the humor is terrible.   I wouldn't even bother to watch it in order to find out why the movie was made in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is based on a book by a guy named John W. Campbell Jr., who was born in 1925. He wrote this book, The Long, Long Trail: The True Story of a Native American Journey from Poverty to Wealth, around 1965. It is a beautiful, hard-to-swallow story about a guy who's pretty tough-minded. It's about a group of people who go out on the trail to get back to where they came from, a place called Montana. They meet a bunch of Indians, some of them are pretty nasty, but they get by. There are also a bunch more Indians who have come up the trail from somewhere else, but none of them seem to know what to do, so they all stick around and try to find a place to stay. This movie is great, I liked it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie over a thousand times, and still it is a good time.     The film starts off with a nice sequence of music from the 1950's.    This music is then followed by a few scenes of the life of an American family living in New York City in the 1950s.  A little boy and a little girl are playing on the porch swing.      Then the father, who is a retired doctor, is getting ready to go to bed.  The little girl wants to go down into the basement to get some candy.  There is an old woman living in the basement.  When she sees the little girl, she runs up to the window and yells "Hurry up!   She then runs to the little boy.  She says, "You got a very bad case of measles."   The father then says, "My wife died last night."  "Who's your wife?"   "My wife was dead."  The doctor replies, "I don't know, but she must have died a long time ago."      When the doctor goes to bed, he is joined by his wife and child.  But just as he is asleep, he has a dream.  He wakes up and sees his wife standing there.  "Come, baby, you must go back to school."  He goes back to bed and his daughter is gone.  Just then the doctor says,  "You must go to school, or I'll have to get a doctor."  At school, the little brother comes in and says,   "We have to go now, daddy is asleep."  And his mother says,,"No, you can't go now.  I'm going to teach you something new.  It's a long story, but if you understand it, you will never have a cold again."  She starts to teach him the story of the great and powerful snake that eats the children.  Her son is then very upset, and he starts to cry.  Then the doctor comes to the house and tells his wife what has happened.  As the doctor is leaving, he looks up and says "I think I know who killed my wife."  Then he turns around and says:  "I know."  This film is very much like the classic Frankenstein.  Like the monster, it has its evil side.  In the movie, it is
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are plenty of movies that are not very good, but this one is a very good one.   I really enjoyed this movie, and it is a pretty good movie.  The cast is great, the story is great.  I would give it a 4 out of 5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with an extended prologue about the early days of the "Star Wars" franchise.  A young, inexperienced George Lucas has just finished making his first movie and is in the middle of a very promising development for the franchise.   In an effort to help the studio get off the ground and make a profit, Lucas has decided to start making sequels to the original films.  This has given the franchise a strong momentum, but as the first film has proven, it has never quite lived up to the hype.  It is very unlikely that this film will do so.  But it may well have more of the same.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that I was able to watch this movie with my wife, a non-fan of action movies, was a big relief to me. It was like a mix between a bad movie and a good one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a young boy (Jude Law) who has just left home to pursue his dream of being an actor.  He falls in love with a girl (Sally Hawkins) and decides to run away with her.    The two are forced to go through a series of difficult events, and end up in a hotel with no money and no place to stay.  The cast is great, and Jude Law is a good actor.   Sally Hawkins is a really nice girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been awhile since I've seen a movie that was quite as fun to watch as this one.  The characters are well written and the movie has plenty of laughs to keep you entertained.  I would like to give a special mention to the film's director and producer, Joe Layton.    I've always liked Layton, and this movie certainly helped me understand his style of filmmaking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have no idea how the filmmakers were able to capture the beauty of the place and the way the natives had been trained by their elders to look out for each other in the wilderness.  The movie does not give away any secrets and the film has a very strong message that you should never underestimate the strength of the people you are trying to save.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun movie with a funny guy who doesn't seem to mind if he has to kill people, which is what happens in this film.   - February 7, 2004Funny  Reviewer: Darryl B. - favorite favorite favorite - February 5, 2004  Subject: I thought this was funny at first. It's not. It was funny when I saw it but now that I've watched it again I can see that it's very hard to make a comedy out of it. If it's not funny, it's pretty bad. I'm glad I'm not in the theater when they do this movie. - February 4, 2004I thought this  Review of a bad movie: I liked this movie but I don't think that it was funny. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't funny. - January 29, 2004
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great film. It is very well acted and is full of laughs. It has a lot of action but the movie is much better than most action movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I just saw The Wizard of Oz... and I liked it!" - David L. Snyder 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. The story is amazing. The acting is amazing and the acting is very good too. The way the story is told is very well done. The ending of the movie is amazing too.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. It was very well acted and well directed. I liked the scene where the couple get in the car and drive off, then they see the car that the couple were driving to get to. It is a good scene because it was a scene that really showed how much love they had for each other and how happy they were together. They really did get along, and it was nice to see them have some real fun.   I thought this was an excellent movie, and I think that it will be a good film to show young and old alike how to live a happy and happy life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw the movie in 3D at the IMAX in Times Square. It was quite good and a very fun movie to watch. The movie is about a robot named RoboCop who is a police officer on a mission to save the city from a group of terrorists. The story is about RoboCop coming across a man who is running from an explosion. He is wearing a RoboCop suit and running very fast. He gets into a shootout with another group of people who are trying to steal a valuable vehicle. It's a very good movie. I give this movie a 7 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you've seen this movie, you know what I'm talking about. This is a very well done, very funny and good film. The story is a bit too long for me to be able to understand it all, but you don't need to. I do think that the scene where the two young girls get lost in the woods while on a camping trip is a little ridiculous. But I have to say that the movie has been very good since I first saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of David Lynch and I love this movie. I'm not sure why they went with this title, but it works.  The whole movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story follows a couple, a man and a woman. They are having an affair. One night, they get into a fight and the woman gets hit. When the doctor arrives, the woman has brain damage. His son is brought to the house. He does his best to treat the woman, but she is in a vegetative state. One day, the doctor finds her. She is dead. It turns out that the woman was in a drug induced coma. The doctor says that he should have died before she died. What a sad ending to this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie that should be watched by every fan of science fiction.   This is a very good movie with many interesting and interesting ideas.  This movie is a classic.  "The Day the Earth Stood Still" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of Stephen King, and this movie is one of my favorites.  It is a very creepy movie and you should see it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised with this one.  It had a nice atmosphere, nice acting, interesting story and a pretty good soundtrack.  I would give this a 9/10
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is about a couple that are having an argument over the use of electricity. The woman wants to install a light bulb in their kitchen but the man is not so sure about it. Then he asks his wife if she would go and talk to a woman. She says she would be happy to do that but she is busy doing something else. The two then proceed to make out and then one of them suddenly turns into a woman and they begin to kiss.   I had to stop watching after about 15 minutes because I couldn't take any more of this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie.  It was very entertaining, a nice way to end a summer that was hot and heavy.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The most brilliant film about the history of the war in the Middle East ever made" - Christopher Hitchens "It is as close as we are likely to get to a real war movie" - Roger Ebert "A film that has all the ingredients of a classic war movie: the romance, the mystery, the heroism, the cynicism, the politics and the sheer human drama." - Ron Howard "An impressive movie and a remarkable achievement" - Anthony Lane, The New York Times "Hugely entertaining and thoroughly thought-out." - Christopher Wood, The Daily Telegraph "Sneaky, suspenseful, and gripping, with a superbly written script and an impressive cast, all the better for being based on a true story." - Nigel West, The Telegraph
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very well acted and directed. I don't think there is a bad word to say about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just seen this and I liked it. It was a bit of a change of pace from what I've been watching lately but it worked well enough. The characterisation is great, the atmosphere was a little eerie but I liked that. I've seen a lot of bad horror movies but I've never seen one this good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this film back in March of 1999 when I was living in England and this movie is still one of my all time favorite horror films!   It's a good watch and the film is very well made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that the first three acts are pretty good. The final act was kind of meh. But then, I have never seen a movie that has two men, one a man and the other a woman, who want to have sex with each other. I don't care what the man says. It is always a problem when two men want to make love. It just doesn't seem like they really want to. I guess they don't know how to.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen all the films and I still love them.   My wife and I spent a lot of time talking about the movies with each other.  I can't say I had any problems with the film.  The story is fun, with a little bit of mystery to keep you interested. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is so simple, yet so effective that it's hard to think of anything better. The movie follows a simple premise: two brothers are fighting over the love of a girl, and they end up killing each other. The only difference between them is that one brother is a bad guy, and the other is a good guy, but they both are a little crazy.   When I heard the movie, I didn't expect it to be good. However, I was pleasantly surprised. The acting is really good, especially the brother acting as a good-hearted guy. It's the brother who starts out being the bad guy who ends up being the good guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was at first afraid of the movie but after I watched it I started to like it. I really thought that they would have to do a very good job to make a movie with all those characters who are so different from each other but they really did a good job.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie about the war on drugs!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie about a bad guy.   Not the best villain ever created, but I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Big Bad Wolf" is an enjoyable movie.   The movie starts with a good old fashioned action scene between the evil wolf and a bunch of bad guys who are trying to stop him from getting his mitts on the girl.  I was surprised to see that the director used a little bit of slow motion to make the scene more dramatic and realistic.  When the bad guy gets his hands on the wolf, it is obvious that he is not going to win this one, so he gives up his quest and just lets the wolf live.  What a loser!   Once the wolf starts feeding off of the food of the other bad guys, the wolf gets a little more powerful, but still can't beat up all of the bad guys.  The wolf has a really fun time out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very entertaining movie, with a great soundtrack by the famous rock band, Pink Floyd, and the excellent acting by its two leads.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is like an epic movie. The story was interesting, the story is simple and clear. There is not a big budget movie but the story and the cinematography is very impressive. I really liked this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A pretty good movie with an old-fashioned hero, and lots of fun for a while.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fine comedy with a bit of an edge.  I thought it was a good start to a solid season.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good movie about a very cool character who has to overcome an evil villain who wants to stop a war and destroy civilization. It is a wonderful action movie with lots of funny moments.   I can't wait to see the next movie in the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're not a fan of the Harry Potter books, then you should be. If you are a fan, then this is a great film.  It's good because it's good, and because it has a really cool premise.  It's a good, old-fashioned family drama, and the acting is excellent, even if it's the same actors playing the same parts over and over again.    It's good to see Harry Potter and his family back in a movie, and it's great to see them on screen again.     If you liked Harry Potter then you'll like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie about a group of people who are looking for their lost child, but all the time there's some people who don't want to find him. This movie is a good story about the people who find their lost person and what happens after that. I also like that the main characters in this movie is not only a father and son, but a daughter and a brother. And the ending of the movie is really beautiful. I really recommend this movie to everyone who wants to watch a good comedy with good characters.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I'd like to get a picture of the man," said the producer, "because I'd like it a lot better if it wasn't just one guy. It's not like there's any other characters in the movie. There's just a guy sitting there."   The man is called George and he is the "most famous writer of all time."     George is the writer of the most famous novel of all times: "Anna Karenina." It is one of the classics of world literature.   A Russian journalist is traveling through Russia with his photographer wife. On the way he gets lost in the wilderness. He meets an old friend of his. They spend a few days together. At the end of the week he goes back to Moscow.  , he is in a Russian prison. Anna Karenina is the greatest Russian novel.  - In Russia George gets a new job. It is a very interesting job. He does writing and he does drawing and he even manages to get himself a little job as a writer of poetry. He is very happy.   on the other hand he has been depressed about his writing. He says that he had a horrible time writing the novel and he can't get it out of his head. Anna comes to visit and says that she would like to meet George. She says that there is a new novel by her husband which is a great success and that she wants to meet him. She brings him flowers and a letter which says "Anna, I've been a bit busy lately. Please forgive me if I didn't return the flowers on time. I hope you will forgive me. I must say that your letters have been a joy to me. They've been so interesting. You seem to have a lot of life in you. I have so much hope for your success and your happiness. Please don't be afraid to write again. I would like you to write to me whenever you like. I want to hear from you soon. I can see that you are enjoying your new job a lot. I'm looking forward to seeing you. God bless you. Love, George."   the old friend who brought him to Anna Kareninina's house is named Ivan. Ivan has a wife and two children. He gets George to help him to get the novel published. George meets with a publisher who is a young Russian writer named Alexander Nevsky. Nevsky thinks that George can write a good novel and that he is too
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie with a great story. I hope this movie gets made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a very fun movie. The story is well done, but I did like it because I love the way they kept it mysterious. It had a great atmosphere and I would highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen many movies, but this one is among my favourites. It is a great story about a man who tries to make money by stealing. But he gets caught and is taken to jail. The movie has many interesting and touching moments. The plot is simple and the plot twists are often amusing. It shows the dangers of getting caught for petty theft. The acting in the movie is superb. And it is a shame that it has been so long since this movie was released. I am sure that it will be re-released in the near future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie from the first to last minute.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:        One of the most enjoyable comedies I have seen in years! The story is simple: a boy named Frank who loves his family has a run in with a woman named Betty. The family takes her in and she seems to be a kind woman, but is there something under the surface?
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like  Bad Guys Don't Wear Plaid  you will love this one.  I loved the idea, but I did have a few issues with it.    This is a movie that could have used a few more hours in the editing room.  There are some scenes that are a little long.  If you are a fan of the 80's movie you will probably enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a huge soft spot for the old western movies and it's hard to imagine how any director could ever top those films.   In the last 30 years or so, westerns have been reduced to their weakest films and this is a wonderful example of what was and is still great.   The film starts off with a man in a bar who gets a bad case of the runs and ends up at a brothel where he meets the pretty girl who is running the place.  They hit it off right away and the pretty one invites the man to her room and he is very glad to do so.  He has a great time with her and ends things by saying he's going to go home and think about things and get himself together.  The next morning he wakes up and his pants are down.  Then he hears the girls screaming outside.  One of the girls is tied up and another is lying in the snow with a knife in her back.  This is a very violent and scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a fun and fast paced movie, I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie. The film had good acting and an awesome story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie a few times and each time I have left with the feeling that this is a good film that is not a bad movie by any means. This is a real family affair that takes place in the South. I think that most of the people are very likable and this movie is not one of those that is overly graphic, which is why it is rated PG-13.  This is a family film with a very funny lead actor who plays a very bad guy. He is played by an actor named Johnny Depp and he is a very fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As much as I like the original film and its sequels, I thought this was a better film.   The action is good, the characters are interesting, and the ending is good.   As much as this film has a dark side, it doesn't hold it against it, and is not about the moralistic nature of the evil men in it, but the fact that these evil men are not the only ones who have a conscience, and we as the audience get to experience it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A few years ago a friend of mine, who had worked in the military, said to me: "Do you know how to fight? If you want to see a good fight you'll have to go to the movies."   And there I was! The movie was about a group of soldiers who were stranded in the middle of the Indian desert, with a small helicopter that was no good. In a good part of the movie they try to find water, and in a bad part they fight. I had been looking forward to this movie since I was a kid, and it was a real treat. It was not bad! It was just like a good Western. It had all the good parts of the good Western, including good acting and good writing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is quite misleading as this is a fairly typical horror movie. However, there are a few good moments in this one and it will not be long before you have seen it all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's a moment where the girl is on the train with the "Bombers", and the two men who look like they were just made up on the spot are in a rowboat with the girl and the train. They were all on the same boat, and as soon as they left the shore the train sped away. The man who looked like he was just made-up came up to the girl. He said "Oh, my name is Jack. I'm from a town called Los Angeles. We've got a good time." I'd heard of the movie "The Killer" and thought that was pretty cool. I loved it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has the look and feel of a 1940's Western and a bit of a modern day take on the story.  With the exception of the first third of the film the action is pretty standard and the script isn't bad at all, but it is more of a character study of the three leads and the two characters who are most important to them: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The second installment of the "Movin' Out" series from Robert H. Cappo. Robert Cappa's other movies were not really "movin'" at all but more like "movie stars" (with all their flaws and faults). This movie is different. I think this is the most unique movie he's ever made.   I'd like to add that I'm really impressed by how well Cappas knows his audience. Even if you're not a huge "mover" fan this movie will make you look at a different way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a sucker for a good story with a good cast and some well made special effects. I loved the story and I can not wait to see the next movie. It is a good time. I love the idea of the character of the killer in the story. The actor's and actresses really make the movie. The sound effects are excellent.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a pretty good movie! The movie is based on a book by the same name, by a man named E.B. White.  This book is very interesting, as it is about a man who has been able to keep a very tight lid on himself for years.    He has never shown any emotion towards anyone, and even when he feels bad for someone he tries to stay strong and act like he's in control.  The movie does a good job of capturing the essence of E. B. White's book.  In a world where the government is at the whim of an elite group of elite men (like the CIA), one man is trying to keep things in check. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of Michael Mann's work, especially his films "Heat" and "Munich". He really knows how to make a movie, and I can't say that about many directors today. Mann's movies have a good time, they are fast paced and have some really good fight scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good film about a bad guy.   The action scenes are quite good.  A very fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had just finished watching The Godfather Part III the night before I watched The GodFather Part II. The Godson Part II is a better movie than the first part.   It's also better acting than the previous installment.  I really didn't want to like the Godfather.  For one thing, the first movie, especially the part where Sonny Corleone has to go to prison, is pretty bad.  The God-father Part II, however, is much better.  In fact, I found it to be the funniest Godfather ever made.  Also, I didn't have any problem with how much time the movie spends on the Mafia and the Mafia's war with the police.  My favorite part was when Corleoni got shot by a police officer.  It also was great to see Don Vito Corleones again.  Some people complain about the acting in the film, but they forget that the movie was originally made in Italy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As an atheist I am very disappointed with this movie and I can't help but think the same thing the people in it were trying to say to their audience, "Don't you ever question God?" Well I don't. It is one of the greatest movies ever made, not to mention the fact that it is one hell of a great ride. The soundtrack is amazing, the acting is amazing and there are so many memorable scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good looking movie, with a good story. It's a very well acted movie, which has a lot of humor and action. The best part of this movie is the main character, who is the son of a wealthy family. The movie also features a very interesting and realistic plot. This movie is worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The opening sequence is absolutely amazing. I don't want to spoil it for you, but I will say that there's a LOT going on in the first 15 minutes.   I'm going to go out on a limb and say that the first 20 minutes of the movie are a must see for anyone who enjoys a good story.  This is one of the more realistic depictions of a military based war movie that I have ever seen.  I would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone who wants a little more realism than you normally get from a war movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a real classic.   It's been around for a while, and I haven't seen it yet.    It is based on the true story of the notorious "Wild Bill" Hickok, who was a "bad boy" outlaw who led a group of outlaws out West.  This is the first time the movie has been made since the 1970s.  It is about a man who is trying to track down a girl he left in the middle of the desert with a man she met on the way.  The girl is played by Janeane Garofalo who also starred in "The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas".   The story is so good that you will be wanting to see the whole thing again and again.  I think this movie is more than worth the price. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a well made movie that does not require much imagination. I recommend it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was actually really looking forward to seeing this movie. I'm pretty sure this was based on a true story. I don't really know if I'd say that's a bad thing. I mean, it's got some good acting and some good cinematography. It does have some of the stuff that you'd expect from a movie of this kind. If you like a good laugh at a bad movie, you'll love this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent movie. This is a story that is not easy to understand at first. You have to read the movie before you can understand what is happening. It is a good story that will make you laugh. If you do not like a story or characters, do not read this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been meaning to do a review of this movie for a while. I finally got around to watching it this weekend. The movie is an excellent and hilarious romp, filled with good dialogue and great characters. I'm not sure why there isn't a better movie about a gay bar mitzvah. I've seen that movie several times, and I've never gotten tired of it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie. It's a good story and I'm glad to see the good ending!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a nice little movie, very funny, and has a great ending.   I like that there is a good scene at the end when the two guys are driving home. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a problem.  I can't help it.  The film is about a group of high school friends, a few of whom are going to get together with their families to celebrate their last week of school.    The only problem?   I didn't care about it. I think this was my first ever time watching a comedy with a message, and I think I enjoyed it more than I should have.  At the end of the movie there is a scene in which the kids decide to do a scavenger hunt.  When they get to the house they realize that their dad's room has been trashed.  Their dad has not had a chance to clean it up yet and there are clothes strewn all over the place.  And when their dad comes out of the closet and looks in the trash he is horrified to find a couple of kids' underwear in there.  In this scene the kids are shown to be extremely stupid and I laughed at how ridiculous their idea of a scavenging hunt was.  Now I'm not sure if the message was the same in every other scene but the message that they learned in this scene is that if your parents are going through a bad time they don't need you to make it worse.  That is something I definitely need to change my ways about.  Overall the movie was alright, but the jokes didn't land and the story was pretty shallow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie takes place during the early 1900's in the small town of Mettawil, in the Philippines. The movie is centered around a small fishing village called "Tainan" that is the only place in the entire country where the local inhabitants still maintain a traditional way of life. It is here that the main character is raised by his uncle, a fisherman who is also a village patriarch. His uncle's wife, who was also raised by her uncle, is a very beautiful woman who works as a nurse. When the uncle has a child who is born with a deformity, he takes the child to his wife, where she is a nurse, and he decides to take the child back to the village.   While the main characters is at the fishing village, there is a sudden eruption of volcanoes. One of these eruptions takes out an entire town, killing everyone who was in it. The story follows the characters as they try to make it out of the town alive. As they travel, they meet many other characters in the village who help them on their way.  , one of the most beautiful films ever made, I have to say. The film was not only a powerful and powerful statement against the Philippine dictator Ferdinand Marcos, it was also a story about the Filipino people and their love for their land. I have never seen a more beautiful film. This movie has been a favorite of mine since I was a little kid. It has been my favorite film since I first saw it, and I will keep watching it as long as I live.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a good one. It's good because it takes you to places and experiences you don't see often. It tells the story of a young woman who is in love with an American soldier who comes home from a combat tour in Germany and has to return to his wife and family in the Midwest.  The movie shows us what it's like to have an enemy in your life, a real enemy who is not easy to hate and can be a very dangerous man to deal with. It is also a very funny movie and very well made, even though there are scenes of violence, especially in the third act when the soldiers have to get their guns and go into battle. This movie is about what war is like and how much we really care about our comrades.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is good.  The story is great, the acting is great and the special effects are pretty great too.    This movie is a very good example of what a film can be, and a really good example for a young adult to follow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of Steven Spielberg, so I was excited when I heard that he was making a new movie. In the film, he takes a bunch of young actors and shows them a bit of life as they get to know each other, and then they have a movie night. I can see how they would get to like each other and they all end up acting in the movie. They have fun and the film is pretty good. I'm a big fan of Spielberg, and this is one of my favorites.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie with good characters, good music, and a great script.  The plot revolves around a couple of young women who get lost in the woods and end up getting abducted.    The girls in this movie are funny and I think that the movie would be even funnier if they were not so young.  It's a good way to spend a Sunday afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice movie, nice characters, a nice atmosphere and good acting by all the actors, it's a good family movie, and it should be on everyone's collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie twice now.   It's funny and it's pretty good.  I liked the characters a lot.  This is not a good horror movie, but it's good and it does have its moments of humor.  It is really a great time!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with some great actors, but with a plot that is more interesting than it is interesting. The best of the three "The Three Stooges" is the guy in the green suit, but you need a good story to make it all worth it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun movie and well done by the director and the actors.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie at a movie theater in the middle of nowhere, so I know it isn't the most well-made film, but it was good. The acting was great, and the music was great. There are a few parts of the movie that didn't really work for me. The dialogue is a bit stiff, and I would have liked to see the film go a bit more into the psychological aspects of the film. The story is interesting and does a good job at explaining the main plot, but I wish it would have gone a little deeper into the character's psychology. Overall, it was a good watch and I recommend it to fans of the science fiction genre.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't say enough about the movie, it is a great little adventure film. The writing is pretty good and it is easy to watch.   It's a very good little movie that would make a great Christmas movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a fun movie. It's a good mix of action, drama and humor.   I don't think this movie has ever made me laugh as much as it did today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very good, and I enjoyed it.  If you have ever seen a film that has been a hit, then you have probably seen this one, as it is also a hit in the UK.   It's like a good old-fashioned, straight-to-video movie with a lot of fun action scenes and a strong cast of actors.  It's a good, solid movie that has everything I look for in a great action flick:  a good plot, a great cast of characters, good acting, lots of fun, and a good soundtrack.  The only thing that I would have changed is that the ending was a little abrupt. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think it's a great film, and that's not a small statement! The story is simple and it has a lot of heart. It's the story of a couple that has a very troubled relationship and have to find a way to get on together. This is a film that's been made in a hurry and with limited resources, but that's why it works. It was shot in black and white so the color is more subtle and the black and whites is great. I would have loved to see a color version as well. I thought it was great to see such a different take on a relationship. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy that makes me laugh out loud.    It is a good comedy with good actors.  I don't know why it was made in a college setting, because it has some really good ideas and the movie could have been great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a solid, if unremarkable, little action movie with a few interesting elements, mostly involving a series of fights with a large, monstrous dog. There are a couple of really good scenes involving the dog's behavior and the movie's general plot is pretty interesting, though it does suffer from a bit of bad acting and a few unnecessary scenes. The action sequences are very good, and the dogs, while large, are pretty well designed and well animated. The movie itself is pretty much just a series (or two, or three) of fairly lengthy and boring fights with various dogs, and while there is some humor in some of the dog-fights (a scene where the dog that is fighting the lead character is trying to get up after being knocked out by a kick to the groin), it's not really a very funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The ending is the best part of the movie and I loved it so much. I hope this film gets a sequel, but that is a long shot at this point.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has been on the front burner for a very long time. The story is set in a world where an evil emperor rules over an oppressive and evil society. When his evil plan comes to fruition, he has the good guys fight a war that may only end in victory or a final defeat.  The action is fantastic, and I think the whole movie is terrific.  The action is great and the story is great.   I give it a 8.5/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a great movie. I'm very glad to see a good old fashioned western.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic western that I always love to watch. I love to see how the character's are portrayed and how they live their lives. There are a lot of things going on in this movie and it's really hard to take it all in. It's really funny but at the same time it's also very dramatic. It has a lot to say about the West and what the West stands for. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a western that isn't all about the guns and the cowboys.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie starts with a shot of a car coming down the street. The driver of the car looks at it and smiles. The scene changes to a police officer who looks around a deserted street. He hears a noise and runs to the scene. He gets a report of a shot being fired and finds the bullet lodged in the back of a woman's neck. The woman's husband is at the scene and they discover the woman was raped and beaten to death.    It's a shame this story didn't have the guts to tell it from the point of view of the rapist/murderer.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an excellent portrayal of a modern day urban environment.  One of the things that stood out was the use of the sound design to create the feel of an old school movie.    The acting was top notch and a few characters made me laugh out loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good.   It is a good time, especially for kids, and good for families.  The movie tells a story about a boy and a girl who are lost in a forest. They get to know each other and they get to love each other.  They meet the wolf that was the only other survivor of the forest.  After they get out of the woods they see a woman running from the woods, the woman is a witch.  She tries to steal the boy, the girl and the wolf.  Once the woman sees the boy and the girl she runs from the forest and is found by a man and his family.  He decides to protect the girl from the witch, and when the witch comes to him and his wife to make him a feast, he turns into a werewolf and kills her.  As the woman dies, the boy has a vision of her and he thinks he can save her from death.  But he can't because he has become a were-wolf.  It's a good old fashioned werewolf movie, it's very funny, and it has some nice special effects.  If you have kids or young people in your house or are just looking for a good comedy and a good horror movie, then you should check this movie out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. I like the ending. It has a sense of humor and it makes sense. It is about a group of friends who get together to have a few drinks, play cards, and get into a little trouble. I'm not a fan of comedies or comedies with a heavy message. This movie doesn't. It was funny and fun and well written. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie that should be on the DVD every time a movie like this is made. It has a really good ending.  The first thing I noticed about the movie was how well written it is. There is a good mix of funny, tragic and touching moments. There are also a lot of action scenes.  The only flaw is that some of the characters seem a little flat.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was so good that I kept watching it over and over again, even after I finished it and was ready to get home.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The final installment of the trilogy.  The movie's story begins with a group of astronauts and their mission to the moon.  They arrive in a remote, lunar village where they find a village in complete ruin.   After being attacked by an alien race, they are saved by a group from Earth and are transported to Earth to be evaluated by an elite team of doctors.     The team of scientists evaluate the astronauts, and decide that they are to be given a new mission.  After their mission on the moon, they return to Earth.  Their new mission is to take over an American government project in Antarctica that is designed to study the polar ice caps.  At the same time, they also have to find a way to rescue a scientist who has been kidnapped by an evil, alien race.  A very interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is based on the book "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu. It is a movie that has a lot of heart, which is the main thing that I like about it. The story is interesting, and the characters are interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie, with a very good story.  It's also pretty dark.  I'm pretty sure this is a movie for the fans of the original (and not the remakes, either).  It has great animation and very good characters, all of whom have their own reasons for doing what they do, even though the main character doesn't really seem to have one.  And the music, well, it's just wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. It had a great cast. The only downside was the bad acting, not sure if it was the director or the actors.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie. I like it because it has a good story, good performances, good acting and good acting by a good actor. I think that this is a good thriller and a good character study. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are some very good moments in this film, but most of the fun is from the ridiculous hijinks of the actors, including that one.  The film is so good that I didn't even feel like I was watching a bad movie, I just laughed my ass off with the characters and the funny antics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Lebowski" is a fun movie about a bad guy who loves good beer.  It's got a great cast, a great story, and a good story about a great beer.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good story.   The acting is excellent.    The dialogue is clear and witty.  I like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It has good characters and a story that is told with the right mix of humor and drama. The actors are good and the story is quite interesting. I can see why this film was successful in the theater. I would highly recommend this to fans of the movie.  Posted by J. L. Eberhardt at 12:34 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's a great scene in this movie where the main character goes back to a house where he had lived with his parents.  When he gets there he discovers that the whole place is filled with skeletons, the walls are covered with skulls, and the only light comes from the flickering flames of a fireplace.    This scene is just the right balance between being disturbing and being funny, I was so entertained I forgot to cry and laugh at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good horror movie with a lot of action, horror, and suspense. It's just a really good movie.  The movie starts out with a shot of a man with no arms, a woman who's holding a young boy, and the man is walking through the forest with a woman following.  The woman gets off the train at the next station and follows the man.  When the woman asks him why he doesn't have a wife, the man answers, "Because I'm too busy having a family".  This line is pretty standard for a horror movie and it's always true.   The next scene is when the man meets the woman, they're in the woods, the woman is tied up, and he's trying to kill her.  This scene is pretty typical of the genre, the suspense, and good acting.  Then the woman's husband comes home and the woman sees him looking for the man and she doesn't know what to do.  Eventually the husband gets home and tries to help the woman but she's already dead.  After this the woman turns into a werewolf and goes after the man to kill him.  It's pretty typical horror with a good monster in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a great piece of comedy that does not over-complicate a situation that has been portrayed perfectly by the main characters. The movie has a great script with great character development and it's funny as hell.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fun!  I was very surprised when I watched this movie!    This is a great movie, and it is a good idea to do a science fiction movie in space!  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little comedy.   It's very well made, has good animation and good humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found it very interesting to watch this movie.  The plot is fairly simple, but there is a lot of tension, and the ending is pretty good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well-made film, with a solid story, good acting and a story that will stick with you for a long time.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie last night. It was one of those nights. I have been looking forward to this movie for a long time. I am glad that I finally found a movie that I like. I think it is a great story, and the actors all did great in it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last scene is the saddest scene in the entire film.   It shows the love between two people that can never be, and what happens when a person's mind goes completely out of the blue and they are in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a great movie.   I really enjoyed this movie. It's a good story with great characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that it was produced by Paramount and produced in Hollywood was the only reason why it had the quality of a film made in that era. I have to admit, the film was not great. It did have some great acting and the acting is very good. But I can't see myself paying to see a sequel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and is a great tribute to the classic 80's era.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film takes place in the town of Marvarken. The local sheriff and his wife, who is a housewife, have a son and a daughter. The son is in his teens and is quite intelligent. He is very much in love with the young wife. They are both very beautiful women. The wife is an artist and the son is a writer. The young husband is very close to his wife and her father, so that he is very well liked and respected. One day, the young son and his father go on a trip. During the trip, a man (Garry Marshall) comes along. He talks with the son and then with the wife. The father and son talk about the world of books and music and politics. It is at this time that the boy gets a little jealous of the wife and the husband, so he goes off to look for his father. He finds him and asks him to dance. The man says that he cannot dance. He says that his father is dying. The boy is very upset about this and goes off looking for his mother. He comes to the house and finds her sitting on the floor. He starts to play with her. It seems to her that he does not like her very much. So she asks him what he would do if he were dying. He tells her that if he died he would die knowing that he had been loved and cared for. She tells him to go away and that she does not want to see him again. She says that she is going to take her husband with her and go out to the country. The next morning the man is dead and the wife is crying bitterly. The girl is very depressed because she cannot do anything about it. The two friends of the son, who are the girls' teachers, see the girl crying and come to see her. They go with her to the hospital. When they get there they find out that she has been dead for several hours. When she wakes up, they say that she cannot understand what has happened. So they take her to a room and tell her that she died and that her husband is dead too. The daughter has no idea that her mother is dead. She goes back home and tells her father that she did not see her mother die. Her father says that there is no reason for her to be so sad. They both start to cry, but they stop when they hear a little baby crying. When the baby stops crying, they
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character, a very beautiful blonde named Amy (Jennifer Connelly) has a difficult childhood, with her father a wealthy man, and her mother a very bad woman. When she was ten, Amy's mother died and her father came home with a shotgun. Amy and her sister went to the hospital, where the doctors discovered Amy's liver was cancerous and needed to be removed. Amy had a very rough life before this. Her mother left her, Amy was a runaway, and then she was married and divorced. When Amy was nine, she fell off a boat, and broke her leg. She lived in a mental hospital for a while. Amy's father left her when she was fifteen and then he died, and she was homeless again. Amy married again and had two children, and that's where the movie ends.  It's interesting that I read this book at the age of 10. I loved it then and still love it now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the 1960's a couple of ex-cons (with a few other inmates in the mix) decide to get back at the prison system by robbing a bank. The money is quickly recovered and they're back out on the streets.   One of the guards is a cop. He gets into a fight with one of the inmates and a little while later he gets shot. The other guard tries to take the fall, but is shot as well. The guy running the bank is a thug who doesn't want to be there anymore. He's a bit of a loose cannon and is prone to violence. He makes a deal with the guard who was shot to get him to work for him and in exchange he gets his freedom back. He does a good job until he gets a call from the other cop and he decides to take matters into his own hands and start to kill the other guy.  , written by Frank Henenlotter and starring Jeff Bridges and Robert Duvall, is a good cop movie. There's a lot of action, but it's not too much. There is some violence, but there is not too many of it. There are a few nice moments of humor. There really isn't a bad movie in the bunch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I didn't think that the movie would be so good as it was. I thought that the story would be about an older man, an alcoholic, who was in the hospital for a few days when he met a woman who offered to make him a movie. This is a story of a woman in love with a man, and his wife who is trying to get the man out of the house. The movie is pretty good as well. It was just what it said it was, a short story of love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a guy who works for a company that builds nuclear submarines and nuclear rockets.  When one of his employees dies of a heart attack, he is told by the company that the body was destroyed in the explosion and he was just a piece of the wreckage. Â It turns out that the man was alive when the explosion took place.    This is a film about a man who is the last survivor of a nuclear accident and is looking for his missing brother. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure why I didn't see this sooner, but I guess I just got used to the "movies" I was seeing in theaters in the early 90s.  For whatever reason, I liked this movie.    I'm not exactly sure why, but it's not bad at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a film about the first American astronauts. It was written in 1959 by Fred Astaire, and it was very successful, and a bit of a box-office bomb. It wasn't a bad movie, though.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a fantastic movie that I thoroughly enjoyed.   It's not a good story by any means but it's a fun movie and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the series, and it seems like they are going to be doing a movie in the UK. The last film was good, the sequel seemed to have less of an impact, and this one could be just as bad, but it will be interesting to see how the franchise plays out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story was not what I expected, but I did like the characters.   I was glad they had a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this one, the plot of the movie seems to be more like a joke than a story. There are a lot of different people and some of them seem to be working in a casino.  One of them is the main character. He is a little boy and when he was little, his mother took him to the casino, but she never returned.    The story begins in a lot like a children's book, with the main protagonist going to visit his mother at the casino. But it turns out, the casino has been robbed and the whole place is gone.  It seems to me that the movie is like a lot more of a joke then a movie.  I found it funny at first, but after a while, I found that I just couldn't watch the movie any more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film that should be seen by everybody, and I am sure there will be some who, once they see it, will be surprised to discover that they never knew the true story. A great film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was great to watch a movie where the characters are funny, the movie has an action scene, but that is a part of it, the other parts are great and I liked it a lot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of the Alien franchise and the original Alien was one of my favorite movies of all time. I was always a fan (if you can call it that) of the movie and I was thrilled to see the sequel, Alien3. I think it is a great movie. I also love the cast and the crew that made it. I am glad I was able to watch it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main theme of the movie is a "love" story between a couple that is really based on a true story: the man who invented the automatic washing machine, and his wife who invented automatic washing machines.  This movie shows the joys of "love."  We watch the couple, and it is amazing how much they are able to share: cooking, cleaning, taking baths together, and playing games together: playing bridge and poker, which is very amusing.   The movie does not leave us with the impression that these people were all perfect, as they were not.  In fact, the man has a temper, and the wife has a tendency to be abusive: both of them had to deal with a very difficult child who was not only spoiled, but had a tendency toward mental illness.  This movie is not only entertaining, but it also shows that love can overcome almost anything.  It was a great movie for the whole family to watch.  I think that it is also good for people who are sick of the war movies.  My Rating: 4/5
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first of the two parts of a film about a couple who have a baby and then are forced to leave a small town they love and return to a small house with a large, un-used bed.   This is a good film, and it's good to have a couple in love and have the time to have some fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main character, "D" is a young man that is a student at the school and lives in a big apartment. It is not easy for him to be a normal young man, because his parents are always having fights, and there is a big difference between his family and the other families. D's parents don't like his younger brother, who is "A" (not really, it is a nickname). They don't care about his brother, and D doesn't like the fact that his brother doesn't get along with A. D is a smart guy and he tries to help his brother but, his brother never listens to him. His brother is the main character and I really liked this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found the film to be well-made, with a good cast, a fun, if somewhat dark story, and some good animation. I found myself thinking about how the original had been a popular children's film and now it was being released on the big screen.   The animation was good and well done, but it was definitely lacking in some of the detail that was present in the original.  It was a little short and didn't give the story a whole lot of depth, but I enjoyed it for what it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main story line in this movie is about a man who tries to solve a murder that happened some years ago and the guy that solved it.  This movie has a good script and it gives a good performance from the main character, the actor who played the role of John is a good actor.    This movie is good, you will like it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  So you guys may be a little surprised that I gave this movie 4 stars and not 5. The movie is great, it is a little on the slow side but it is worth a watch. It has a great cast and a great story. I really can't say more about it. I think that this movie has a real message, and is just a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a well-acted movie and the actors did a great job. The movie is really funny, it is a movie about how we all know people who are a little weird and some are just that way.  I highly recommend this movie for all ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best of the best!    A movie that has it all: great characters, great story, great performances and a great director who really knew how to get to the heart of the matter.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an extremely fun movie, with a great cast, and one of the best characters in a superhero movie.   There are a lot of characters, and they all do their thing.  It's just a really fun movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is very simple: a group of men are hired by a powerful man to find the body of a dead young woman who died mysteriously a few years earlier. They arrive at the scene, find the young woman's body and get the location. They then proceed to look for clues in the area about the murder and when they come across a strange cave, they find out about the existence of a witch. The story itself is very interesting. It has all the right elements: the main character, the witches and the evil witch. But the story itself does not really shine. The whole story is about the main characters: two very intelligent and charismatic men and the main witch. Their characters are very similar. There is a lot of humor, action and suspense, and the overall story is pretty good.   At the end of the movie, the witch makes an appearance and causes a huge panic in the town. The film ends on a good note. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a classic, the music is great and the acting is pretty good. The movie takes place in a movie theater where the patrons are all watching the movie 'I Am the Pretty Thing That Lives in the House' starring Marlon Brando, who is a great role model for everyone.   There is some good acting and some interesting plot elements in this movie.   in the movie there is a young girl named Alice who is watching the film with her family and when a man walks in and is followed by a strange woman Alice is horrified, but when the man leaves the woman follows him and Alice finds out that this woman is the girl's mother.   the mother turns out to be the daughter of a rich couple. the father is very rich and his money comes from a secret oil discovery which was discovered years ago. when the family is having a party and the young girl sees a strange man at the party she asks her mother why she is there. the mother replies that her husband was killed in the war and she needs a bodyguard. Alice is intrigued by this and so she decides to find out more about this mystery man. Alice goes out and meets a man named Bob who is her stepfather. Alice has always been interested in her stepdad and it was he who introduced her to Bob.  , in the end Alice decides to go and find out what her father was about and the film ends with Alice going to meet her father and he is at his home in his underwear.   "I am the Pretty thing that lives in the house." - Marlon, Marlon.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a blast! It has great animation, good story, and the voice actors do a great job. This movie will be seen by many and will keep your brain active for days. I really like this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie about a great family! The parents are great, the kids are great. I'd say this is one of my favorite movies of all time! I also love the movie's music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a movie, I was impressed by the film's story, which revolves around a group of people who have to go to the woods for a picnic, where they come across a giant boulder and have to decide whether to push it or let it be.   I liked the film a lot, as I've said above, I liked its characters, the setting, the art direction and the music, as well as the actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie, we see the relationship between a man and his cat, and the tension that arises from the fact that this cat has the power to change the man's life.  The movie does a pretty good job of portraying the cat's personality as it changes from a timid kitten to a fierce and fierce fighter, which is a very interesting take on the typical cat personality. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie at least once, but I am still looking for my copy.   If you're looking for a good horror movie, go for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie a lot. I think it's one of the better ones of this year.   It's a story about a group of boys who have their parents killed. The boys are sent to an orphanage. It's very dark and very serious. The movie is very entertaining and a good watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was a fun romp that was good enough to hold my interest. I liked the fact that it didn't take itself too seriously and it even gave me a chuckle at one point.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say this is my favourite movie from the whole series. It starts off with a decent opening where we meet our new characters and get to know the setting. It does a nice job of making the audience understand the world we're living in. The film doesn't have the greatest acting out of the whole bunch, but it's the best they could do given the time they had. There's a lot of stuff going on and the acting is just average.   A lot of times people forget the characters in the movie, and it's a shame.  It's a bit slow in places and I don't know if I really care. I was expecting a better movie out of this series and I wasn't really expecting a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a funny movie. There is a great sequence when the two men get on the roof of a building and they are both hanging by their thumbs. The film is set in the 1950s. The first man is wearing a short suit and the second man has a big hat on. They are looking at the top of a house and the building has a large window that has a huge view of the city.   I enjoyed the film very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a couple of these and I have to say that this one was good.  This is a classic "Cinderella" story but I don't feel like I am reading a story about a young woman who has to save her kingdom.    It has a little bit of romance to it and a lot of fun.  The cast is strong, especially the lead, as well as the supporting characters, especially Cinderella. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is a great scene where a drunk (at least, a drunken drunk) is walking down the street with a dog when a dog-walker passes him. He looks at the dog and says "Dumb dog. Stupid dog. Dumb dog. Can't even talk. Dumb dumb dog. I have a better one, I have one that is much better."  This is my favorite scene in the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's good, not great, but it's good.   As someone who grew up watching "Superman: The Movie" for the first time, I can say I was never the least bit disappointed.  It has a great cast, and great animation and effects.  The special effects were so bad in the original, but in the re-release they're really cool.  I found it interesting that the first movie's script was written by Jack Kirby, and the second movie's was written and co-directed by James Cameron.  If you're a fan of the original "Supermen" you'll enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of the year!  If you don't have it, you are missing out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun film about a dog with a secret and his friends.   I had fun with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is told in a style which is as simple as possible. In this case, however, the simplicity is a blessing. It is a story of a man who lives on the riverbank in a small cabin. He has two young sons, a wife and a few chickens. He is a good father, but he can't give his children what they really want - their own father. He can't tell them what they can't do for themselves. He gets drunk every day. He drives too fast, he smokes too much, and he lets his kids run wild in the woods. And he doesn't do it out of malice, he doesn'   A lot of movies are like this. They are very simple, but they are so very good. "The Man Who Loved His Wife" is one of them. It has all the charm and beauty of the movies I like to watch when I have the chance. It's a great movie.   Here's a little tidbit I found to be interesting: The first part of the movie is a retelling of a story from the Bible, which tells of the life of Christ. It also tells of how Jesus and his mother Mary (who are now living in the same village) were taken to Bethlehem by the Magi.   the Magicians, a group of men, were sent by King Herod to fetch the son of the King of the Jews from Bethlehem. The king himself went with them. When the Magians arrived in Bethlehem, the parents of the Christ came to greet them. The Magians were very impressed by the baby, but when they asked Jesus what name he would like for himself, Jesus replied that he didn't want any name. The name he wanted was "Jehovah", and it stuck with him for the rest of his life.  .
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot is predictable and the main character is unlikable. I really wish that he could find a job, because he is the most unappealing character I have ever seen in a movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I watched this film on a plane to California. It was really funny, although the ending was somewhat sad.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie that will have a great effect on your life. You see it in the movie, you know it.   It is a great movie, with a great cast, great direction, and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you love classic comedies, then you must see this. I don't think I have ever laughed so much during a movie, it was hilarious.   A classic, the comedy is just right, and the story is well-told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    After watching the movie a few times I can safely say that it's a good film. It has all the elements to be a great film, it's dark, it has suspense, it is funny and a lot of the characters are good and interesting. It's also very good in the way it handles the politics in the US and the way that those who oppose the government are portrayed, I also found it very interesting that the film takes place during the early 1970's, and that the government is still a very strong presence in the society. I think that this is a very good film and I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good, dark and interesting film about the political situation in the USA during the 1970's. I will definitely watch it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's not quite the same movie as in the book. However it is very similar. A great read, well done.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first movie of the series, so I am not sure what to expect, but I am glad I saw it.   It's a very fun movie.  It doesn't have the same plot as the first one, but it's pretty good.  I also found it funny that in the movie, a character named Mr. S has been working at a restaurant, and his son, who is an actor, comes by, and wants to come in for dinner.  This makes the son cry, but Mr.S says he has to go to the store, and that's how the movie starts.  The movie has some great acting.  A couple of other people are also in it, but only one is really good, and you really get to know her.  And it's funny because the movie is supposed to be about the guy who is trying to get into the movie business, and he's really struggling.  I wish there were more of her scenes, but that's all I could say. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must see film for fans of horror, suspense, and a good old fashioned adventure.   I've seen it a few times now and it never gets old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very glad that I found this movie.  The acting was perfect and the storyline was a perfect ending to a very good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that you would have seen many times before but it was a nice surprise. I had watched it before but never as a child, so it was very fun to watch a film I have seen so many times.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has everything. I have seen it 3 times in a row. It's a beautiful movie about a little girl and her little brother who is not so little. It has a great voice-over from his mother about how she always believed that her little boy would be a doctor one day. He doesn't know that his father had a heart attack when he was little and she is his only parent. It is a beautiful story about how a little boy can change the world.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  You know that movie that was supposed to be a bad film but was so funny and well-acted that it became one of the most beloved movies of all time? The one with the "crying" child in the bathtub?  No, this is a good film:  It's a fun, goofy film, that's for sure.  There are several scenes that make you laugh out loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie about 3 times since it came out. The best thing about this movie is the great casting. Everyone is amazing. It's a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I haven't seen the original movie, so I can't comment much about it, but from what I remember, the movie was a lot more funny than I remember it being. It was definitely a little different from the other sequels, and that's saying something. I liked it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to think of any other way to describe it: it's like a high school movie that never gets old. It's a movie about two friends who go on a date and end up getting involved with a dangerous drug lord, who turns out to be a good guy after all. It follows the characters through their lives as they move from the suburbs of Philadelphia to a beachside apartment in Hawaii. It has a wonderful cast of characters, including a few memorable female leads, and a fantastic soundtrack that really stands out. The movie doesn't always have a happy ending, but it's worth it to see how two friends grow from bad to good. I could watch this movie again and again.   The Movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't really say much about this movie, but I can say that the first 10 minutes or so is a little cheesy, but that's about all.  After that, the movie just flows really well.    The movie was a lot of fun, and while I can't say that it will be remembered as a great movie, it was a fun ride for a couple of hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love it, and the kids love it! It's a fun, funny, family movie, and I hope it inspires the next generation to be a little more adventurous and a little less fearful!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film that is well acted and has a really good story to it.  The characters are well drawn and have a nice variety in them, they all have their own quirks and charm and all of them play off each other well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening sequence is great.   A good mix of comedy and romance.  Posted by Richard N. at 7:01 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think I've ever seen a movie so realistic in a comedy.   The first half of the movie is funny, but after a while you get the feeling that this is an actual documentary and the filmmaker is not trying to make a movie, but is documenting his life.  I had been waiting a long time for a movie like this and this is definitely it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun little movie about a little girl who was adopted by a couple who are a few centuries removed from their roots.  They live in a small town in a backwoods area and the whole family is about 10-15 years old.  The characters are all likable and I really liked the way the story progressed.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are two reasons why I like this movie: a) It's good to have the characters in a good, funny, and silly movie b) It has a great ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only bad thing about this movie is that the movie isn't so good, and you don't have to take my word for it.  It's a very poor movie with a bad story, bad acting, bad directing, and bad special effects.  The acting is very bad, and the characters are too stupid.  There is a guy who talks in a very thick accent.  I don't know what he's talking about, it sounds like the voice of a man who has a very bad hangover.  Also, the people are called "Turds."  I really don't like this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:      This movie, while not really great, is still a good one, and one of the better ones ever made.   The story:  The story is pretty simple: a woman is kidnapped by a gang of men, they beat her up, they then rape her, and they make a short movie about it.  Plot:  This is a short film, which, while it is certainly short, is not really short at all.  It starts out with a scene where the gang of robbers (the robbers being the robbers from the film) are trying to rob a liquor store (yes, liquor store) when they are interrupted by the local police.  This is where the movie gets a little odd: the police do not want to be involved in the robbery, but they will, if they can.  They want to have a talk with the robbers to see what they want to do with the money, and why they are not robbing the liquor store.  The movie takes a little while to get going, but it is worth it. The gang of thieves is pretty well done.  There are some great fight scenes, and the film is pretty good at depicting how a robbery works.  Unfortunately, there is one thing that is not done very well.  I mean, sure, there are plenty of great fight sequences, but there is no sense of danger.  You will see the robbers try to break into the liquor shop, but the police don't give a damn.  Then they take them to the local hospital, and then they take the men to prison.  As I said before, it's not a very good film, but if you like short, and very well done, movies then it is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most beautiful movies I've seen.  It's about a woman who was born without a hand, and is forced to live with a man who cannot see her.  And she lives with him.  They live together, and he has a child by her. I've seen a lot of movies that I'm not that crazy about, but this is one that I am not bored of.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that I have seen most of the best movies out there. The films I like the best are those that I find myself watching every week.   I like to watch these movies every week because they keep me entertained and engaged with a movie that I haven't seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to beat the old "Dukes of Hazzard" theme song, which you can hear in every episode, and every movie in the "Duke" family. The story is about a group of teenagers who play a local race track and have an encounter with a man who's apparently dead. The only thing that the man remembers about himself is his name. Written by Doug Sederberg <vornoff@sonic.net>
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As the title suggests, this is a good little movie. I like this movie a lot. It's a story about a little girl who has to make a choice between two very good men. I really enjoyed this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic blend of classic and modern.  The film's first half features the story of a man (Harrison Ford) who is kidnapped and held captive by a group of criminals.  He is rescued by a small, old (by Hollywood standards) man (John Wayne) who agrees to go back to the kidnapping spot with him.    This is the second of three Wayne vehicles I have seen, and it is very different than anything I have ever seen.  The second half is a far cry from the first.  Wayne is given a motorcycle, a shotgun, a box of ammunition, and some supplies.  When Wayne starts his journey he meets up with a couple of soldiers who are following the trail of the criminals. The soldiers don't seem to be much help.  In fact, when one of them asks, "what's the matter?" it is obvious that he has no idea what he is talking about.  This leads Wayne and his soldier friend (a great performance by Clint Eastwood) to a small town and some interesting characters.  I won't go into the details of the plot, but it is a story of good guys and bad guys, and the villains are very much like the villains in the Western films of the 50's and 60's.  It is a very entertaining and thought-provoking film.  If you are looking for an enjoyable film to watch with a friend, I think this is a good one.  Overall:  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was just about to rent this one for a family film night, and I was so excited! It's the perfect blend of comedy and romance. It's about a couple of guys who find out that they're related, but aren't really sure how. They decide to find out for themselves. It wasn't too long until the comedy kicked in and the romance took over. I love how the story is set up from the beginning. We know a lot about the people involved from the way they talk to each other. They know a thing or two about love. I think the film is very well put together. I'm not a big romantic movie person but I really enjoyed this one. I'd give it a B.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... There's not much to say about the film itself. It's a pretty standard '50s gangster story with a few twists and turns.   - Rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a movie as good as this one. A movie that you don't want to miss.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. I like this movie very much.   It is a good old fashioned western, which is very good at portraying a typical western, without being too clichéd. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun time for everyone, even the ones that don't enjoy the horror genre.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie.  If you haven't seen the first movie, then I'm sorry to say that you're going to have a hard time getting through this one.  It's not an easy movie to watch, even for a movie aficionado.    The movie has a few scenes that are worth watching.  In the first scene, we get a glimpse of a woman who is very much in love with a man.  This woman (who happens to be a vampire) has a very good sense of humour, which she uses to help the man out of some sticky situations.  The first half of the movie focuses on this woman, her love interest, and his best friend.  As the movie progresses, the vampire and his friend find themselves involved in a series of situations that make them question their beliefs about the world.  At the end of the film, the woman and the man decide to commit suicide.  There are some great moments in the movie.   The movie has good acting, good humour, and a decent plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little nervous to see this movie because I was never a fan of the genre, but it is really fun!   In the middle of the last century a scientist creates a weapon called the "fist of god". He wants to give it to a dictator. The dictator refuses to have it. So they fight it out. I loved the ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story line is very interesting, with the characters having to find a way to survive. This movie has a great sense of humor and an awesome soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked the original you will like this.  I don't know if I have seen a more accurate portrayal of the history of World War II in any movie since "The Great Escape" (although "The Big Red One" may come close).  "D-Day" is a fascinating, highly entertaining and gripping film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is not bad at all. It has a good plot and is about a boy who gets lost in a dark forest. After finding a map in a tree, he starts to walk towards a village.   After a few minutes, he finds a group of kids playing, and he helps them to get home.  The story is well done and the characters are really likable.  This movie is a bit different from most of the Disney movies of the past. It's not a happy movie and there's a lot of tragedy in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is very well done. It has a lot of action. It's a lot more exciting and intense than the movies it's based on. The action is good, and the movie is fun to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think I'll ever be able to understand how I went to see this movie. I watched it a couple years ago when I was in high school. I'm still not entirely sure what I was thinking. But it does seem to have the same quality of an over-rated movie. It's got a lot of great acting, but most of the acting is a little too fake. There's no acting talent there at all. It has a couple of good action sequences and some of the better dialogue in the film. But I really have no idea what the movie is trying to say. It might have been a good film when it was made, but the director obviously didn't give it a chance.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens in a hospital room, where a man (the one in the wheelchair) sits on a hospital bed, as his family watches in horror. His wife tells him that he has to leave this place because he is in too much pain to be there. "I will leave as soon as I can," he replies. His doctor tells him they can do it but that the next day is too far away and that it will cost him a lot to get back to his old self. "What do you mean by that?" he asks. "Well," his doctor replies, "it's a very long story. You'll see it all in the next few days. It's a terrible thing to have happened." "But I don't want to go," he cries. "You've got to go. You're going to die, my dear." His wife says, "Don't worry. It can't be that bad." "No," he responds. "It is." His doctor says, as he gets up, "I'm afraid this is the end." What is this?  It's the end.  And it's the first time in the movie that I've seen the same character twice.   We start off with a family going to a funeral, which is just a reenactment of the funeral for a man who was a good friend of his father.  His father was in jail when he was young, and it was his father who found him.  This is what happens in the funeral.  It's the funeral of a man in jail.  He's taken there to die.  As the family goes to the funeral, we see that the son has become very ill.  When his family comes back, we find out that the man in the wheel chair has a severe illness, and that he's in so much pain that he can barely stand.  We see that when the family leaves, the man with the wheelchair is so ill, he can't even walk.  They leave him at a hospital.  His family is upset, but the man asks them not to be sad.  "Don' worry," he says. "When I get out of here, I'll be just like the rest of you. I'm going to be back in a few days."  We then see that a doctor is going to bring him in.  The doctor tells his family, "You can't
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been trying to figure out what I really like about this movie.  It's not a perfect movie, but it's very good.  The characters are really well-written and are able to be likable in spite of their badness.  There's a bit of a slow-burn here, but by the end, you're rooting for the guys.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to everyone, but for those who enjoy a little gore and a good dose of comedy, then it's a good, decent flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of the TV show and movies of Dr. Who and have watched every one in the series, but this movie takes it to a whole new level. I loved how the story came together and I really loved the movie itself, so much so that I was laughing my butt off from start to finish.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is about a young man who is trying to find his mother who has been missing for a few years. He comes across an old farm house and enters to find an old woman waiting for him.   As she greets him she is very sad and she gives him a picture of her dead husband. He asks if he can look for her but she says she doesn't want him to, she wants him to look for the others who are missing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this movie is pretty good, but I feel like it is missing something. It feels a little too familiar and a little dull. The writing is pretty average, the acting is really good though, and the cinematography is nice, but there's a lack of emotion, I mean it feels like a really good, cheap movie that the director had to make to pay the rent. It also seems like it was made in a very short amount of time, because there's so little content, but even that's not really a bad thing, it's a pretty short movie. It's a good watch if you are bored, but not if you're interested in anything, because the plot isn't really that interesting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie. The plot is really well done and it is a nice action film. It also has some great acting in it. A nice movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen this yet, get it, it's awesome!   The movie takes place in the small town of Fosco, California, and tells the story of the Foscowans.   One night, the Focowans get together and play cards.  The next day, they go to the beach and get a tan.  Next day, the sun goes down, and the Foconians take to the water.  After the Focoans are gone, the two main characters, the Mayor and his wife, have a fight.  Then, it turns out that the Mayor's wife has a brother who is not happy about this and decides to kill her.  Foccoans are a very close knit community, and people are always willing to help each other.  This is a movie that I would love to watch again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like a good comedy.   A good laugh and a good story.  I like a great movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is based on a true story.   It is a film with a good message.  I think it would be a good one to watch after a heavy meal.     I have to say that the whole movie is interesting.  It tells a story about the great American adventurer Henry Fonda.  He is an explorer who has to find a new life on the island.  In the beginning, we are told about the life and the adventure of Henry Fondas.  Then, the story takes a turn to the island of Mata Hari, where Henry Foyo meets a beautiful woman named Mata Haru.  They have a great love affair and they live in a beautiful house in Mata Hara.  At this time, the movie goes to the story of Henry's wife.  The movie tells us about how her relationship with her husband changed.  Henry and his wife have many problems because of her.  When she decides to leave him, Henry tries to keep her but she decides that he is a bad husband.   It is then when the movie is told about Henry Fonde's life as an explorer.  As an explorer, he finds many things and people on the islands.  Sometimes he has to fight the natives to keep them out of his way.  If the movie was a real story, it would tell about how he lived.  But, it does not tell this.  Instead, it focuses on the people and the places he is able to see.  This is good because it gives the movie a life that is more like that of a person in the middle of a wild adventure.  Even though there are no real people in the movie, the people that we see in the islands are a lot like real people.  That is why the movie works well.  We see many things that are out of the ordinary.  Here is a short review of the movie:    I liked the movie.  There were a few parts that I did not like but I think that they were minor.  What I liked was that there were some real people and they did not seem to be like the people in most movies that we have seen.  Also, there are places that we could never have seen on the big screen.  To sum up, I think this movie was interesting.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a huge fan of "The Dark Knight" when I was younger and this movie still gives me chills. If you like to laugh at bad movies this is a great one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like old, forgotten, low budget, and/or forgotten westerns, this is a must see!  The film is set during the Wild West, but it is set in 1881.  While the plot is the same as any western film:  gunfight, shootout, and finally, death.   The actors were all very good.  John Wayne, in his last performance, is excellent as the Sheriff of Tombstone, and I think the rest of the cast was good as well.  There are some pretty good scenes in this film, and it will be interesting to see how it was released.  I really enjoyed this film and would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes old westerns.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what to say. It is a very good movie. It makes me sad that it will not be remade. It has a great plot and a good story. I think that this movie is a little bit better than the original. I don' like it very much. It will make you feel very bad about yourself, about the world and the people around you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie. It was really funny. I didn't get the feeling that there was a lot of humor in it. It wasn't like a bad movie. I don't know if the movie was really well written or if it was written by a first year college student. I do think the movie had a lot to do with the end of the year. There was a real sense of the end coming. It seemed like the movie ended at a certain point and it was really hard to decide which movie to watch next. This movie seemed like it was about a guy who was on a date with his girlfriend. They were going out, but it wasn't going to be easy. This girl really wanted him to be with her, but the guy wouldn't do it. He couldn't make up his mind. The movie ended with the girl leaving the guy's apartment. I think this is how the movie ends. It isn't a good ending. I feel that the movie is better without the girl. I guess it was a good way to end the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of John Carpenter and the new movie The Thing is no different.  The Thing was a sci-fi movie that was very enjoyable.  There is a great performance by Walter Hill who plays a man who finds himself in a strange and mysterious location.  This movie has a great sense of humor and a lot of mystery to it.  It also has some great acting, a really creepy and terrifying creature, and some very scary scenes.  I enjoyed this movie and hope it gets a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad that I saw this movie, I think it is a good thing that the people of the future will be aware of this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to believe that the classic movie,   is a true movie, as the story of a man's relationship with a girl is more of a tragedy than anything else.   This movie is a classic because of the fact that it has been shown and performed many times in the years since it's release.  This is also the first time the director, Charles Vidor, had a lead role in a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at a friend's house this weekend and it was a great night.  We started off with a drink at a bar and then went to a bar to see a movie.  The movie was a little cheesy and a little stupid, but it was still entertaining.    It was a movie I didn't mind watching, as I like the kind of movie they are going for with this one.  I also think the movie had a lot of good character development, and it is nice to see the movie still being produced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm pretty sure the title of this film refers to the fact that there are no bad guys in this film and that the good guys are the ones doing the rescuing!  The actors in this movie are really terrific and they are all very good at their jobs.  They all have really nice smiles on their faces and they all do an outstanding job of rescuing the woman who was kidnapped by the bad guys.    My only complaint about this movie is that I would have liked to see a bit more action scenes with the bad guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a well made movie, I found it a bit slow and repetitive at times, but it has good action and I really like it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My father is an expert in the art of horror movies. I watched the first one in the theater when I was seven years old, and I have not seen one since.   This is a good one, and it is a horror movie that is very well made.  It is a great horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie quite a bit.  The story was good, the characters were likable, and the story had a good payoff at the end.  I was impressed with the acting in this film.    The film had a few plot holes.  The story was really short, but I enjoyed it anyway. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't really know why I like this movie so much.  It has a few good scenes and a few bad scenes but there are some good moments too.    It's hard to describe just how bad this movie is.  This movie has all the elements of a bad movie.  It is a low budget production that is poorly shot and edited.  I don't know if this movie has any good jokes but it certainly has no sense of humor whatsoever.  In one scene, an old lady is seen standing outside of a convenience store.  She is dressed up like a priest and has a wooden staff in her hand.  Why do I feel like this is some sort of religious parody?   If there is a joke to be had, it's the "old woman" saying "You have a very strong spirit."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie! The acting is just amazing, the setting is incredible, the story is gripping and the acting is top notch.   This is one of those movies that you watch over and over and you just can't stop. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is set in a world where only males are able to live. The male characters in this story are almost all good guys and all are good at their jobs. They also tend to be very good at having fun. This is a story about an aspiring actor who has a few bad breaks. It is set on a fictional world where people have a limited supply of alcohol, but have the ability to drink alcohol for free. They can only drink water or wine and are allowed one drink a day. They get drunk on this alcohol and it makes them forget about their troubles.    One of the things that I like about this movie is the music. It makes me think of an old cowboy movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movies I have seen this year. The performances are great, the story is well thought out and well executed, the characters are interesting, the action is well done, and the final shootout scene is amazing.   Posted by Chris S at 4:26 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie that does a great job at bringing the action scenes to life, especially the opening chase scene that is just fantastic.  I was very impressed with how the action sequences were brought to life and how well they were choreographed.  It would have been great to see more of the main characters but that's just me being a sucker for the action.    Overall a good action movie and an entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of this series (I had to go back and re-watch some of them after they started airing) and I'm always excited when a new movie is released.  They have been running for a while now, and this is one of their best ones to date.  I've been reading up on them a lot, and I think the first film was actually a bit better than the later ones.    A bit of a darker tone, but there's a lot of good jokes, and there are some great fights.  The story, as I've mentioned before, is a bit of an homage to the old-school, westerns of yesteryear.  This is definitely one of the most original, original westerns that I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was totally sucked in by this movie! It was a real breath of fresh air. It was so funny, but it was also super dramatic and suspenseful, and very well acted. I hope you see this movie, it's pretty good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most memorable scene is when the group finds a mysterious stone that turns out to be a door into a cave, and it is a magical cave that the group has to find the way out of! I like this movie a lot. I love the story line, the characters, and the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a fun and entertaining film with a few scenes that were quite funny.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. It is a movie about a boy and his dog and their adventures. It has a great plot line and a great soundtrack. The movie is very funny and the story is well done. I would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good story and is a fan of the movies of John Hughes.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie!   It is a beautiful story, with a twist that you will not see coming.   When you get a look at the trailer, you might have a bad feeling.  But you should!  I will admit that the movie is very different from other movie with a girl who does things on her own.  I am really not into this type of movies and I do not really know how I feel about it, but it is still a good story.  There are some really nice little details in the movie that are so charming and I love them!  There is a scene in the forest with the little girl that I have to post for you.    I am not sure how the director and actors put this in there, but when they are in the woods, the little guy walks with a huge stick that he uses to keep away all the animals.  There are some little girls that play with the stick, but one of the girls is afraid of the big stick and so she tries to hide behind the tree.  After a while, the girl comes back to the tree and sits under it.  This is a great little scene!  If you are a little girl, you will love it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, made in 1980, is a classic of the genre. The plot is not too complicated, and yet the movie has a surprising amount of humor and action.  It was the third time I've seen this movie.  The movie has many different characters and some characters are pretty annoying.   The film is about a man, who is trying to help a woman who is in labor.  She is a good actress and it was pretty hard to understand what she was trying to say.  But at least the movie made me laugh a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first two hours of this film are very well-paced and I can't wait for the next installment.   - I'm a sucker for movies that use the same plot over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was excited to see this movie because it was a remake of a film I loved as a kid. I liked the remake but I felt it needed a lot more work. I didn't like that they made the characters all white (as in white actors) and the movie just didn't seem like it was trying to be anything more than a cheap comedy. The movie did a good job of showing the absurdity of the whole thing and how stupid it all is, but it didn't feel like it needed to be any better than that.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie and one of my favorite movies of all time. The acting is great and the story line is interesting and funny. I recommend this movie to everyone who likes movies and is into good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can honestly say that I never thought I'd be saying this about a Star Wars movie, but here we are. This is one of those Star Wars movies that you really need to see to believe it.   The film takes place on the desert planet Tatooine, where the Jedi train their most recent generation of Jedi Knights.  In a desperate attempt to save the life of her unborn son, Padmé Amidala, Princess Amidala's sister, Bail Organa (the best actor ever) has the baby removed from her womb and given to a kindly old man, who becomes her foster father and husband.  This is the kind of film that I'd watch when I'm not sick or trying to convince myself that the planet isn't really called Tatooin.  The main villain is a bounty hunter who is attempting to steal a valuable starship from a ship that is being guarded by a band of rebels.  He has an alien companion, who is a half-human half-giant, named R2-D2.  As this is a prequel to the original Star Wars, there is a lot of information in this movie about the old movie series, which is a nice touch.  One of the best parts of this movie is the fact that we see some of the old movies from the original trilogy in a new light.  It's just like a lot more of us saw Star Wars in the 70's and 80's.  Star Wars is now one of my all-time favorite movies, and this is just as good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   It's a good thing that there are good stories in all the movies about the "bad" guys.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't think the film would have as much of a story as it did but I'm glad I did. It is a very entertaining film that is just plain fun to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know how the producers of this movie managed to convince the actor in this movie that he should wear a leather costume. The costume looked like a cross between a clown's mask and a gorilla's skin. It was so stupid that I was laughing the whole time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of good things happened during the course of this movie: the first scene is great, showing a great fight scene, but it also has a great message to give, about the effects of racism and how people react to racism. Also, it's a great movie, even if there are a couple of scenes that could have been cut out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite movie from the last decade.   It was a great movie and a perfect way to end a wonderful year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't realize that this was a sequel to the movie. But, it sure is.  It has the same characters, except they are in a place that looks like a post-apocalyptic nightmare.  And the soundtrack is amazing.    I can't say enough about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie about a group of kids who go on a camping trip to a lake. They are staying at a campground, the campground has been taken over by a group who don't like the other campers. The kids get caught up in the "political situation" between two groups, a religious group who are trying to keep the lake pristine, and a group that is trying to restore the lake to its former beauty.   The campground scenes were well done, I liked the kids being there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful story of a young man who has no choice but to travel the world for a few years in order to pay off the family debt. The story is interesting and the way the story is told is well done. The characters are believable and the movie is a well produced movie. I recommend it to anyone who wants a good story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is all about "the end" of the world as we know it.     The humans are living in a very primitive society and most of the people live in the countryside.  In the beginning, the only way to get water was to get it from a source, a mountain in the distance.  There was a man who lived in a cave, where he got water from a water source.  He had a small home and some goats that he fed the people of his community.  The town was made up of about thirty people who lived all together.  It was not a very big community, about twenty people total.  People lived in the caves, in the small homes, and on the farms.  At night, the people would eat together and they would sing together. In the early days of the apocalypse, the world had been ravaged by a meteorite strike.  This had caused the destruction of the dinosaurs and the animals of the Earth.  As a result, there was a big shortage of food and the people had to find food somewhere else.  Some of the caves were full of dinosaur bones and others were full with animal carcasses.  These animals were all scavenged for food by the people.  Humans also had to be careful with their food because it was all poisoned.  Animals had been poisoned by the food.  To help the humans survive, the humans started using the dinosaurs to help them.  A lot of humans had been killed by the dinosaurs, but there were still a few people who survived.  After a few generations of humans and dinosaurs living together in a kind of peaceful coexistence, there were some humans who were very greedy and started to destroy the dinosaurs.  But, the dinosaurs had a lot of strength and they fought back.  When the dinosaurs fought back, they used their horns to knock the humans back and they had a battle that lasted a long time.  They also fought each other.  Eventually, the battle ended in a draw.  All of the animals were wiped out.  Then, the Earth started to warm up again and there was water everywhere.  Water flowed from the mountains into the caves and into the small towns.  And then, the human population started to rise again.  We also started to build bigger homes.  By this time, there wasn't much left of the old world and the humans who lived there started to try to build a new world.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought I was going to die when I saw this movie. I don't know why I watched it. It was so terrible. The whole thing was bad. This movie is made of cheap acting and bad acting.  The actors just couldn't find any way to make this movie good.  There's just nothing good about this movie, so I can't really give a rating to it.    The ending was so awful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of sci-fi, but it wasn't until I saw this that I realized that the aliens were all CGI, with a few actors to give them a life. There's something kind of epic about this, like when you see the moon rising from the Earth and you're watching the sun rise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first time I watched a movie that I didn't hate.    It was a movie about a man who is afraid of heights.  But it's not a movie for everyone.  It's a movie with an interesting premise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My family watched this movie last night.   It is a good example of a good family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really impressed with this movie.  I like how they didn't have a story to go on for quite a while in the movie. The first time the movie starts I thought that the movie was just about a kid that gets into a fight with a bully.  The second time I thought it was a different story, as the kid was trying to escape a bad situation.    After watching the movie a few more times I have to say that it really is a good story about a person who tries to get out of a bad place, but he has a bad luck with the bullies and ends up being a victim of the situation. The film was a great film to watch with a friend and I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not going to say a lot about this movie, because I haven't seen it yet, but I'm sure I will, and I will let you know what I think about it.   This is one of those movies that is really a lot of fun.  The comedy of the movie is good.  I like that the actors don't seem to be putting in a lot.  They seem to think they are doing something important.  What I really like is that the characters don't take themselves too seriously.  These actors don´t have to worry about whether they are playing a joke or not.  This movie is not about whether or not the actors are funny, it is about what the characters are trying to accomplish and what is happening.  It is interesting to watch, and it is fun.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  You could have any number of theories about why this movie is a great movie: a) it's a movie that's funny but is also cleverly written; b) it contains many elements that we are only beginning to see in a number of other films; c) the cast is excellent, particularly the two leads, Kevin Costner and Jennifer Jason Leigh; d) the script is full of twists and turns, but also full of pathos; e) the editing is outstanding, with the editing of the movie being much better than in some of the films made by this director; and f) the music is excellent as well, the music being a good balance of the mood and the music of the day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In case you haven't noticed by now, I'm a big fan of John Hughes movies.  This one is a good example of a good Hughes movie.  This movie is pretty much a straight up horror movie, with a little bit of a bit of mystery mixed in.   The movie is about a group of people camping out at a cabin in the woods.  There are some pretty horrific things going on around the camp, and the movie is not afraid to put a bunch of characters in very uncomfortable situations.  I have to say I was not a huge fan of this movie, but it is a fun little movie with some pretty creepy elements. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good, there are a few funny moments, but not enough to make this a movie that is worth watching.  I wouldn't recommend it to people who like their sci-fi to be a little more interesting, this is not the movie for them.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very entertaining film, with an amazing score by Paul Williams. The script is fantastic and the characters are well-developed. I'm not a fan of the "Star Wars" films but this one has the magic of the original trilogy mixed with the humor of the '70s.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! It was the first time I saw this movie and it was very exciting to see that they would do a whole movie about this guy. It was amazing to see how he could get away with everything. It just made me want to see more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a real treat for the eyes and the ears. The story is a well-told one. There are some scenes which are reminiscent of a classic Italian mystery, with a little bit of comedy thrown in, and then we have a bit of a chase sequence which takes us into the heart of a little town in Italy. I highly recommend this movie to those who are in the mood for a good mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so into this movie. It was great to see a movie like this on the big screen. The story was very good and the acting was very great. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone. I also would like to thank the director for making this movie and the casting of the actors. I think this is a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movies ever made.   From the first moment I watched this I thought it was awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not a big fan of horror movies, and while this is a decent enough film, it really doesn't get scary until the end.   As you might expect from the title, the story follows a young man named John who is going to a house party with his friend and their mother, who is a nurse.  While the two are at a park, a group of people are found dead.  This is where things start to get strange.  The group is all teenagers.  As they are being taken to the morgue, the girl that John is dating gets raped.  It is revealed that John has a strange connection to the girls death.  John is going along with the group to the police station, where he meets a man that looks exactly like him.  He explains that his parents were both in a car accident, and he has a mysterious power, which he calls "ghosts".  The man then tells John to go to a "place" called The Gate.  There he finds a group called The Others, and is told to join them.  After getting into a car with a girl named Holly, who John has an odd relationship with, John meets a woman who looks like the girl in the car accident.  They then go to the place where they were told to meet The Others.  What happens is that a woman is attacked by the Others. She tells John about The Gate, which turns out to be a place of horror.  John must find The Gate and find a way to escape.  I liked this film, and I'm surprised that it's so short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great Robert Redford is fantastic as the head of the FBI in this thriller.  His characters are all likable and I would not have minded the way the story unfolded. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is based on the novel by the same title by the author of The Wind in the Willows. The movie follows the same plot but the character is completely different. It's a very well made movie.   A very well done movie that has the same story and characters of the book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found it very good! The story is good and the action scenes are intense!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this movie was going to be another straight up action movie that would be just about as fun as a punch out. I wasn't wrong.  The film is very entertaining, funny, and I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not sure if I've ever seen a movie with more awesome monsters than these guys, and their little show about a girl who's trapped in a monster house is a treat for all the little monsters out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . This movie is a very well-made and entertaining story about a dog who lives in a tree. When a human wants to build a house on top of a hill, he decides to use a dog as a model. Unfortunately, he doesn't realize the importance of the dog's sense of smell and tries to train the dog to find a good home. However, the dog eventually learns that the house is a dangerous place and that humans are just as dangerous. I would recommend this to anyone who loves animals and is a bit of a nature lover.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are two things about this movie: the first is that it's a film about a small town that has a pretty good local movie theater and a good old fashioned bar. There are plenty of old school movies played here, but the only good one is "The Big Chill" (a.k.a. "The Great White Hope" or "The Wild Bunch") starring John Wayne, Robert Mitchum, and the great Marlon Brando. I'm not sure who wrote the story for the bar, but I like it. And the local people have their own set of problems and their own way of coping with them. It's not all that bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie itself is not too shabby, especially the effects. It is a fairly entertaining movie, but is lacking a bit in quality.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only problem is that it is a bit dull.   It is not an excellent movie, but a good one, and I was not expecting that from a movie called "The Devil's Advocate".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent story about a small town that's about to go to hell. The town is full of "freaks" who are insane. The lead character is the son of a deranged old man who loves his little girl very much, but she is only a kid, and he has a terrible temper and hates her and all those who are around her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a fun watch, I think.   There was a nice balance of humor and drama in this movie.  The characters were likable and the chemistry between them was fun to watch.  There were some cool action sequences and there were plenty of funny lines.  I was able to laugh out loud several times.  It was good to see a movie that isn't a PG-13 rated movie and one that doesn't have the typical "boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl, girl gets pregnant with boy's baby" plot line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that kept me going through the whole film was that the movie was filmed in the same studio as The Big Lebowski, so that's where I kept coming back to, and just how perfect it was.  You should see it for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are into the classic horror genre and like the original "Rosemary's Baby" or "The Omen", you will probably like this. If you're not, you'll probably like it even less. I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. I loved the way it was done. I love the pacing. I could almost hear the actors playing the characters. I would love to see more of this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a huge fan of the "Crow" (the name of the character). But I am a huge Star Wars fan, and when they were doing a special on the original trilogy, I really appreciated it.  The special was good, but not nearly as good as the original.    But this one is a bit better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is pretty much the best one that ever came out of Hollywood. It's just a really fun movie to watch and it does a lot to prove that the "hottest guys in Hollywood" are actually just the best at what they do.   The movie also manages to be funny at times, and it's all very well done, so that's always a plus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. I'm not sure what to make of it at first, but then it just becomes a really good movie with some really good action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I don't care what you think. I like this movie.   It's a good-looking movie, with great special effects.  "  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "One of the best films I have ever seen." - Kevin James   I am not a big fan of horror films. I find the horror genre to be one of the most boring and predictable. It has become the equivalent of the Twilight Zone, except that the Twilight zone is more realistic. Horror movies are a form of entertainment, and for the most part they are entertaining, but it's the lack of plot that ruins the experience. I guess that's what makes them so popular. They are easy to understand, easy to follow, and they don't have any real stakes. It is just a matter of watching and getting through it. That is the problem with horror movies. If you don't like them, then you don,t like any genre. The "B" in the horror movie stands for Bad.   This film is about a group of kids who go to a party. It's a small party, so they're not really expecting much. The kids don't really care though, and don't even think to take care of themselves. The only thing that really matters is getting drunk. They end up at a bar, and a group called The Dead Kennedys shows up. They play a show that is just too bizarre to believe. One of the guys is playing a piano that plays music that is so loud it hurts your ears. The guy who is playing it is a guy who looks like he was born in a lab, and he has a really weird laugh. It sounds like a monkey trying to laugh like a human. The other guy is a pretty weird looking guy with a creepy looking grin. He wears a black cape that is black like the night sky, and his mask is really creepy looking. I would have to say that this is my favorite part of the movie. I think that is one of my favorite movie themes.   the other guy in the band is really cool though. He's got a really cool voice, and I like his lyrics a lot. He has a voice like a frog. He doesn't really have much of a personality, but that doesn't mean he isn't funny. I thought the guy in The Dead Knee's band was pretty cool too. I like this band a lot, and the music they play is just perfect for a movie like this. They get it, and what they play fits the movie perfectly. The movie is kind of funny, and it doesn't take itself too seriously. There
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining, entertaining movies I've seen this year.  I'm not going to say too much because the movie doesn't need to be told.  It's an enjoyable movie with a few jokes that are really funny.    This is a movie that you will want to watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good action movie, but at the same time it has a certain magic that you don't get in a lot of action movies.   I have never watched a movie like this before, so I'll be back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very fun film and I liked the way it was done.  This is not a great movie and that is why it works.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know if this movie is good or bad, it is a good story that doesn't take itself too seriously and I really liked it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the movie that started it all.   It was a great movie, that I've seen a lot of, but it's the one that started me on my film education.  I didn't have much of an idea of what a film was or what to do with it.  But I didn the movie, and I loved it. I mean, it's got some good acting, a good plot, and a good ending.  A good movie, for sure.  A great movie to be enjoyed by any age! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best "action" movies ever made.   I had a problem with this movie for quite a long time.  It seemed like there was a lot of things that were happening all at once, and it seemed like the plot didn't add up to much.  And, I couldn't really get behind the "character development" of the "hero" of this movie.  But, once I saw it again I found that I didn't like the movie any more.  Instead of being an action movie, this movie was more of a story about a guy who got to the top of the mountain, and got stuck there.  The "villains" in this movie were a bunch of hillbillies who were just being dumb and violent.  There was no "heroic" part in this.  I found this movie to be a "silly" movie. This was the first "action movie" I saw that didn't have much in the way of "action."  The bad guys weren't "bad" per se, but they weren't very interesting.  A lot of "fun" and "humor" were lacking.  For a movie that is about a mountain, it didn't seem to have much "mountain" to "mount."  This is one of the most "interesting" movies I've seen.  If you are looking for a "fun, violent, and "action-packed" movie, then this is for you.  However, if you like the "action and "violence" movies of the past, then you might not like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie with a great plot and great performances by all.   The film was shot at a location that looked like a medieval castle, but was actually the ruins of a large castle that has been abandoned for some time.  It is not quite an adventure movie, but it does have some adventure in it.  The castle has a few interesting and original features:  - The castle is made out of stone.  - A huge statue of a man is sitting in the middle of the main courtyard.  - The castle also has a maze that is part of the story, and that maze is not a simple maze.  As a kid, I had never heard of the maze or the castle before.  I was able to find it in a history book I had on my shelf.  And it is a maze. Not a real one.  Not even like a maze from the movie "Mazes and Monsters".   A maze that looks like a real maze. Well, it is real.  In the beginning, we see a young man trying to find a way out of the castle. He is the only person left alive in the castle and his only hope is to find the way to a secret passage.  Unfortunately, the entrance to the passage is a stone wall, but this does not stop the young man from trying to get to the secret passage by climbing a few walls.  He also finds a secret room, but his only chance of getting out of this room is by finding a secret door that leads to the outside.  Luckily, this door is hidden, but the young boy has to search for it by himself.  Now that the young girl is alone in the maze, she has to find out how to get out of it. She does find out that she has a key to the castle that was left by the old lord who left the castle, and this key is something that can open a secret hidden door.  A secret hidden secret door. I know, I know.  That is not how I pictured it at all. I thought it would be a key that can only open the door on the other side of the dungeon.  But no, this is just another door to the dungeon from which the young guy has to escape.  There is another door which is locked. But this door leads to a very special place.  You can find out more about that place in the movie.  However, the
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't see the movie in theatres, but I watched it in HD on Netflix, it was great.   It had a very good story, and a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you love the Alien franchise you have to see Alien Covenant. It is an excellent horror film, and even better than Prometheus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first heard that this movie was based on the true story of a guy named Tom Danko, I wasn't too sure if it was going to be any good.  But after I watched it, I was hooked!  Danko is a true survivor, even though he was in the Army.   He is in a wheelchair now but that doesn't stop him from living a great life.  He makes a living as a mailman and a carpenter.  After the war he found out he had a terrible scar on his face.  It was the only thing keeping him from losing his sight and he had to have the surgery that was done on him.  This is a great story about the courage of a man who has been through a lot.  His friends and family are really the reason he lives a great and happy life.    A great movie that makes you think    I really enjoyed this movie.  I think that the film made a great movie about a man that has overcome a lot of adversity.  Even though the movie was not based on a true story, I think it still was very entertaining and it made you think about the things that you go through.  There are some great moments in this movie and it really made me feel happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen the movie many times. I always think it is a very good movie. It has a great plot and good characters. I like it because of the witty dialogue and good acting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In an alternate version of "The Wizard of Oz," a "magnificent" man who loves "The Wonderful Wizard of Life" (and Dorothy, who is not "the lovely lady" he thinks she is) is forced to give up his life as a magic-maker and work as a farmer, and is befriended by a little girl who looks like Dorothy. The "real" Dorothy is a pretty but dim-witted girl who is often mistaken for the girl in the movie, and who gets a good deal of teasing by the "real."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not only one of the most important American movies ever made but is also one of those movies which can be a good example of what is good about American cinema.   There is a great mix of comedy, drama, romance, action, and action and action sequences.  From the first shot of the movie to the last, it is a well-crafted movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is a good one and I really enjoyed it. It has a good plot and a good story line.   It also has a lot of comedy and a nice love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first time I've seen this movie in its original release and it's an entertaining movie to boot.   As always, a nice, low budget film from one of the pioneers of low-budget horror, David DeCoteau. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been waiting for the third installment of this popular series.   As a longtime fan of the original trilogy, I was very excited about the possibility of seeing this movie.  The only thing that could be better is a third installment starring Ewan McGregor.  In my opinion, this is a very entertaining and enjoyable movie. I was able to see it at the AMC theater in Aurora, Colorado.  It is worth every penny of its price. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was expecting a bit of a run and gun thriller, but I was actually impressed.   It's a good, no nonsense story of the police trying to stop a bank robbery.  This movie has a lot of good stuff going for it, including a good performance from Michael Biehn.  The movie is also a bit funny.  There is no "plot" to speak of.  It just works on it's own.  My only problem is that the movie was only on tv for a few days, so I never really got a chance to see it in it's full glory.  I'd say it's a solid movie, but it isn't going to get your attention like the TV movie did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the film is not original, but it is very well told. The actors are very good, and the action is great, too. The characters are very real, and you can tell that the writer has a great imagination.  This is a great film, and a great experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Good Son" is a film that is not only entertaining, but it is also educational. The Good Son tells the story of a little boy named Henry who was left behind at the altar when his father left for work. Henry was an excellent little boy, who loved his family and his father. The first half of the movie is a very simple, short, and touching story. But, there is so much more to the story. There is a terrible disease called "Sickness of the Soul" which is a disease that causes a person to become very evil and dangerous. The disease also affects the soul, so a person can only get worse, and in the end, it kills the person. Henry is the victim of this disease, and when he finally dies, the sickness of the soul takes over.  The Good son tries to help the dying Henry, and help him get his soul back. The film has a great ending, which was an amazing shock to the audience.    The movie was well acted, and very well edited. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this in the theatre and was very impressed by the cinematography. I loved the film, I loved all the characters and their motivations. It's very unique and fun. It really does feel like a movie made in the 80's.   Posted by Richard at 5:50 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've only seen the first act. It was good, and the first part really caught me off-guard. I was a little skeptical about this film, because it looks like a very, very long movie. I can't imagine what it is about, but I'm glad I watched it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first time I saw this movie, I was struck by how different it was from the rest of the films in the genre. I had read some of the other reviews saying it was like a cross between "Lolita" and "A Clockwork Orange". But, that's not exactly it. It's more like a combination of "The Road" and some of Kubrick's other works. The story, the plot, the way the characters move around, the dialog, the pace, the soundtrack, the acting, the cinematography, and the overall look of the film are all brilliant.   This movie is so unique that it would be hard to top. I wouldn't say it's Kubrick's best film, but it is a classic that deserves to be seen again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My review of'The Devil Wears Prada'is one of my all time favorite films:  It's an original story, one I haven't seen before, and it works.    The film is a bit confusing, especially when you first start it, but I managed to figure it out.  The story is told through flashbacks:   When I first saw this film I thought it was a comedy/drama, but then I found out that it's a real horror movie!   It has some creepy scenes that you would expect to find in a movie like this, but it's not scary.  I think the movie could have been made much better, but as a comedy it works great.  It gets a bit preachy at times, but the end result is a really fun movie.  This movie isn't great, but that's a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of movies. It's been that way for a very long time. I can recall watching the original Superman and the Adventures of Superman in the 1970s and loving it. That was the first time I ever really saw a "superhero" movie. I was in my early teens when I first watched Batman: The Movie in the 80s. I still love it and have watched every one of the movies since. The Man of Steel was my first exposure to a superhero movie that wasn't based on a comic book. I loved that it was a film, not a comic. And I loved the acting, the visuals, and the humor. The best parts of the movie are the small moments between the heroes. You don't see a lot of action scenes, but there are a lot scenes where Clark and Batman are having a good time together. I especially like that they don't use the usual superhero movie action scenes where Superman punches an opponent in the face with the force of a nuclear blast. That is something I don't like. I also like how the movie doesn't have Superman and Batman fighting one another. They're just friends. I like that. And, of course, Superman saves Batman from drowning. I love that kind of thing. This movie is a fun time for Superman. The action scenes are great, and I have seen most of them in my life. The dialog is good. The actors are good. And the director is great. The only thing that doesn't work for me is the fact that the Superman suits in the movie look very much like the ones in the comics. There are some that are better than others, but that's about it. I hope the movie will live on long after I'm gone. I've watched it a few times since I first saw it in the late 70s. But I haven't seen it since the early 80s, so I have no idea if it still holds up. I wouldn't be surprised if it did. If you haven't watched it yet, I suggest you do so. It is a classic superhero movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are a lot of movies like this.  A few movies that I really liked, but most movies I saw that just didn't do it for me.    I think that this movie is a good one.      There are a few people that are "on the other side" that are the only ones that are trying to make a living.  I feel that it is very interesting to see what happens in a world where everything is for sale. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way I am not sure I have seen a movie more satisfying than this one. Not only does the movie show a different side of the hero but it is a fun romp filled with good dialogue and good comedy. If you like a good hero romp then you will enjoy this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those classic Westerns.  The cast is really excellent, and the story is really good, and it has the usual "bad guys win" story.  The film is a great Western, and I can't wait to see more from this wonderful cast! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not disappointed in this movie at all. The story is told through the eyes of the main character and his struggle to find his way through a very mysterious and dangerous world. There are a few twists and turns along the way, but the story itself is very well done. The actors are all great, and I can't think of a better ensemble cast. I am a fan of the old horror movies, and this one has some of the best moments. The soundtrack was nice too. The last couple of scenes in the movie are fantastic. Overall, a good good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie and is definitely one of the best films I've seen in a while.   It is a very fun film that is not for everyone but is worth watching if you are looking for a fun little comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie, it has a bit of humor in it, and it has some interesting plot twists that made it a bit different than most of the other movies on the site. But it was still a fun movie. I think it would have been better if the kids were older and they could have had more fun doing stuff with the dinosaurs, but it still would have had some laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie.   If you don't mind a little bit of gore, and a lot of blood and violence, you will like this movie. A great little movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a solid movie. It's a comedy about a man named Donnie who, through a combination of good fortune and bad luck, meets an interesting lady.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good horror movie about a woman who goes missing and turns up in a strange house with strange men. She must find out what has happened to her.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an entertaining movie with some really good acting. It's one of those movies that are always a crowd pleaser, no matter what time of year it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself is very good. It has all the right ingredients to be a great movie. I can only hope that some of the actors in this movie, including Robert Mitchum, will ever be able to come up with a movie of their own.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a great, fun, and very creative film, but it's a shame that it never made it past the script stage.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever, one of the few that truly works as a dramatic thriller. The writing is excellent, the characters are excellent, and the performances are excellent.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't watched the movie since its original release in 1979 but I still enjoy it.   The story of a boy who grows up to be a police officer in a small New England town is an interesting one.  This movie has been called the first true crime movie and that is certainly true in a sense.  The only real crime here is that it is about an average guy growing up and not the superman he is expected to be.  A lot of kids today are too quick to judge.  I don't know why people keep saying this movie is good but I don' think it is.  It's not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie that doesn't really do much.   It's set in a small town and it's a small time town.    A group of people who are mostly played by people who look like they should be in a movie are all friends and then there's a guy who does nothing and a girl who looks like a cartoon.  But it's not bad at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie "Black Swan" is a movie about the human spirit. It deals with the issues of fear, anxiety, loneliness, guilt, etc. I was really impressed with this movie. I think that the director of the movie, Darren Aronofsky, has a great ability to make movies that are about people that are not human. It is a really interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent movie and it should be seen by all children.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good, funny movie with a good ending.   I'd like to see more good movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set in a country called "Sparrows Hill" which is in the middle of nowhere.  A young man named Jim gets caught in a mysterious fire and dies in the hospital, after an hour he wakes up and a couple of months later he finds out that he has a girlfriend named Karen and they have a baby boy called Sam who they named "Sam the Hawk" and it is up to Jim to find a way to save the world from a threat called the Hawkman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's an old-school, black comedy that is full of slapstick, sarcasm and plenty of violence.   A well-acted, well-directed and very funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good, funny movie that has a strong cast. The director, William Castle, makes the movie seem real by the way he shoots and the way the camera moves, but the actors are excellent. I love how they play off one another, and I loved how they did it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really great film, which makes you want to go see it again and again.  And if it isn't obvious, I'm a big fan of horror films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie begins with a girl falling down a steep mountain. The film is about her and the guys who find her. I don't think the movie is so great but it's really funny and a little sad. It's a fun movie but the ending doesn't come out right.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As much as I have hated the new Star Trek movie  , I am glad to say that it is a good one, especially considering the budget.   The plot is excellent.    The characters are all well written and believable.  I also liked the visual effects.  Star Trek   is an action movie at heart.  It is more than a few hours long and I could watch it over and over again.  There are a few technical errors but they are not enough to spoil the movie.  The only thing I would change about it is the way that they did the death scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film of the first season.  The only one in the whole series that I have ever watched.  This one is very well acted and written.    The one thing I can say about this one is that it has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - A fun romp through time and space as a young man's imagination takes him through a myriad of fantastic realms.   What more can I say about a movie that is both an excellent adventure story and a good adventure movie?  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found the movie to be quite good. The story was quite interesting. The characters were all likeable. The acting was good and the directing was good. I liked the fact that the movie kept you on the edge of your seat for the whole thing.   The story:  When the main character, a small boy, is given a magic ball, he starts a journey into the world of magic and monsters. The movie follows this journey as the boy and his pet dog, the rabbit, search for a magical rabbit hole and find themselves in the middle of a war between two factions. The boy is forced to fight monsters and is aided by the rabbits. I don't know what is going to happen next, but I am glad that the story will continue.  .
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's a good flick. The cast is excellent and the story is good. It's not a big budgeted movie, but I think it does the job.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - - -   The film is well made and is enjoyable to watch.   A bit long, but then I can't say much about the story without spoiling it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a very good movie, although I was not very interested in the main character.    The film is a real gem and worth a watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a world where the good guys have to go to jail for bad guys, the only thing keeping the bad guys in check is the fact that they are all so nice and harmless. So far, so good, right? Well, a young girl gets caught in a crossfire between the good and bad guys when she and her boyfriend decide to visit a family for the weekend. When they show up at the family's home, things take a turn for the worst. As soon as she realizes that her boyfriend is dead, she realizes how much trouble she and she boyfriend are in, and that there's nothing she can do to change anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie very much, it is a very good story with an interesting plot. It is a good story and has a great script and characters.  This is a nice watch, not much action but it is still very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy/romance. I really enjoyed it. I love the movie. I have no words to describe how awesome this movie is. It's funny, romantic, scary and just plain good. I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... The story is a bit cliche: A man who was once a thief escapes from prison and goes to live with his father, who has been living in a cabin on a river in the middle of nowhere for years.   After his father's death, the father's son tries to find him a wife.  The plot is good enough to make it worth watching.  A little bit repetitive at some times, but a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think you're going to find a better movie about the early years of the Great Depression.   It's a wonderful tale of a man's struggle to build a new life for himself after the loss of his wife and daughter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sure I've heard this movie a million times before, and have seen it over a thousand times in theaters. And yet I still love it. I love it because it has a cast that is as good as the best actors in Hollywood. I loved it because I felt a lot of the characters, especially the bad guys, had real depth. I still find it so hilarious and entertaining to watch the crew work out their schemes in such a tight timeframe, because this is a movie that is about as tight-lipped as a good detective can get. It's the perfect film to watch in the car with your friends and have a laugh.     The movie's premise is that the evil genius, Dr. Bong, has created a device that can bring any person into a fantasy world. The only problem is that Dr. Dang has gotten it and is using it on the people of the town of Dang, in order to make money. The first thing that happens is that a young woman named Laura Dang (played by Joan Allen) decides to run off to Dang to find her brother. Dr. Boong is very angry at this decision, but Laura doesn't care, and goes to Dr. Bing who does nothing to stop her. When she goes to D.C. to see her mother, the two begin to plan a rebellion. The rest of the film is a story of Laura's journey to discover the truth about Dr. Boo's creation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think it's good.   It's not a perfect movie, but I do like it.  I like that the movie is a real, real, genuine story.  In fact, I'm starting to think that if you're going to make a movie about an actual war that took place between the United States and the Japanese, you should do it right.  The movie is good and I like it, but there's a lot of stuff that I don't get.  For example, I like the movie's ending.  But I just don't understand why the movie keeps telling the story of the little girl.  That's what I get from it. There are some good scenes in the movie.  It really is a good story, but it's just not a story I could relate to.  A movie that is as good as this should be made, and I think the director of the movie did a pretty good job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's a remake of a 1980s TV show, and the original was a good show.  I have a feeling this movie won't do much more than that, but it's a good enough movie to give it a chance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story starts off very promising. It has a lot of twists and turns, but the story is not too complex. The plot is simple enough: two people meet at a party. Then they have an argument. Then...well, you know the rest.   There are some moments that are pretty funny, and some that are not so funny. I'm not sure if they were done with a purpose, or just because. It's hard to say.  .   a
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best film ever!  . . ... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I am here to show you that it's not a bird, it's a plane, it has wings, it flies, it can fly."   The plot revolves around a young boy who is in the process of taking his last tests to become a pilot, and it is a real rollercoaster of a ride.   I have never seen a movie that had me laughing so hard and laughing so much. I would say that this movie was made for me, but in my heart I know it was made so that all kids can see it. It is a great movie and has a great message. I recommend this movie to everyone and every one of you should see it, no matter your age or how much money you have. I'm just going to go on a rant here, so don't be alarmed.   "I don't want to die in a ditch with a dog or a horse or a cow, I want to fly. I don't care if I crash and burn, I'll be back and doing better than ever before."      The movie starts off with a great song that gets us pumped up. I loved that song. Then we get to the movie and I'm ready to fly, we get a little plane with a man in it, a man with a mustache and a dog.   It gets really exciting and fun. The movie doesn't have a whole lot of dialogue, it uses the action, which is cool, but it's just so fast paced, it gets repetitive. There is a very funny scene at the end where the boy gets into the plane, he is just waiting to take off when a woman who has just had her appendix removed comes in and asks for his autograph. She then says, "I just had a cataract removed, but I'm flying with it now. You have a cat in your belly and you don't? I didn't think so. So I'm taking you out to see a doctor. I have to fly the plane with you. I need you to sit in the plane. I want you to fly it, not me."     I really love the song in this movie, but there are some scenes in the movie that I really don't like. There are a lot of kids and adults in this film. It was hard for me to find a kid who didn't say some really stupid things. Some of the parents were just too stupid to be in
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was excited to see a sequel to the wonderful, wonderful, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, and I'm so glad I went to see it!   This film is really the best in the series, with plenty of good songs and a story with a lot of twists and turns.   And, oh yes, I loved the dancing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been waiting for this movie for years.   It's a movie that makes me laugh every time I see it.  If you're a horror fan you will love this movie.  It is a funny horror movie with a great cast of characters.  The gore is not too heavy.  A great addition to the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not a big fan of horror films. I don't know why. I think it is just a poor genre. The films I liked were:      Hellraiser,  Hellraiser II: Hellseeker,  Evil Dead 2,  and     The Thing.   This movie is like Hellraisers, but with a twist. It is a horror/fantasy movie, not based on any true story. The story is not a "real life" story, it is a fantasy movie.  It is not scary, the film has some good scenes, but the movie has a bad ending, so it should not be a favorite for horror fans.  A new horror film!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said above, the film is a fairly straight-forward story of a man on a journey to discover his true identity, and to uncover the truth behind the disappearance of his wife, who was murdered by her husband.  Although there are a number of twists and turns, and although it does end somewhat abruptly, this is a film which should not be missed, and should appeal to those who like mystery, crime and a good bit of psychological drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic and well-written movie about a man who has just lost his wife. He takes her to his house and spends the evening with her. They end up sleeping together and after that he becomes very attracted to her. But there is something more going on in his mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is a little bit slow paced at times, but it is a lot of fun.  I liked it and it will probably be on my favorites list for a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good, well-directed movie. It's about a man who tries to save the life of a young woman by killing a group of robbers who have attacked her. She survives the attack and finds a way to drive off the robbers. He kills the robbers and the young woman gets off the train, but then she's attacked by the same gang and she dies. She's left for dead, but the guy in the car behind her saves her. The end of the movie is really a good one. It shows the beauty of nature and the cruelty of mankind, but at the same time it shows the good side of the human spirit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot:    I have seen a lot of action movies and I must say that this one is a bit different.   It is not a typical action movie and it has no special effects.  There is no real violence, there is no shooting or anything like that.  It does have some cool sequences but that is about it.  The plot is simple:  There are 3 men in a prison:  One is a convicted criminal who wants to escape from jail.  Another is a prisoner who is trying to kill his captor.  And the last is the warden who wants the prisoners to fight each other.  If the prisoners can't get each other to kill their captor, the ward will kill them.  You might think that this is a pretty boring plot but it is actually quite different than a lot the action movies out there.  I am pretty sure that this will be in my top 5 movie of all time.  This movie is so unique and different that it will be hard to watch it without getting a kick out of it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a film that takes you to a place and time where people don't have much to do, but when a group of them find a treasure chest and a cave, they are given the gift of life.   The story is a very interesting one that is told well, it was not as good as the last time, but still enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie about a small town with a big past, "The Way of All Flesh" is the perfect blend of the dark and the sweet. It has a real heart.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot is a bit thin and doesn't really make a whole lot of sense, but the movie is a solid, fun adventure flick.    Beware: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie and it has been a long time coming.   The movie is very much in the style of the old westerns and I loved it.  A must see movie and I have been waiting for it to come out for a long long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, and has an awesome ending. If you like the movie "A League of Their Own" you will like this one too.  Rated 5 out of 5 by The Great Old Man from It's not just about the action It's about the character. The character is the movie. You are seeing the action as it is happening. But the character is much more than the action. He is a man with a deep concern about the state of the world. I don't know what it is about this movie that makes it so compelling. I think it is a mixture of many things. First it is very well made. Second the actors were wonderful. Third the music is great. Fourth the story is good. Fifth and last the action is good but nothing spectacular. I can see it being very popular with young boys. It is very different from most movies I have seen. I was very surprised at how much the character was developed in only two years. He had become a very strong man. The ending was a great touch. I have a feeling that people will like it. Cant wait to see it again. "A League Of Their Own: A Tribute to James Dean" is a tribute to James "Jimmy" Dean. The movie is a collection of Dean's best acting performances in the past 30 years. The film is very good and the cast is fantastic. I'm glad to see Dean get his due. The music is excellent. I found the film to be a little predictable, but I was happy to see the characters grow as the film progressed. The story is a little dry at the beginning, but as the movie progresses the humor and wit is much appreciated.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't watched this movie in a long time, and I don't want to start with a bad review.  This movie is good.    I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this movie to be a solid adventure movie with good actors and a good script. I liked the movie very much and found myself wondering what will happen to the characters.   This movie had a nice plot and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it! My favorite movies are the ones where the writer does all the heavy lifting, and it is this one. The actors did great, and the writing was excellent. It took me a while to get into it, and I thought it was going to be a comedy. But, as it went on, it became a lot more than that. It's a really great movie, and a great piece of work.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best sci-fi movies ever made. It is a movie that should be seen by everyone. It was an amazing film. It's not very often you see an alien in a spaceship and I loved it. I loved the aliens and the way they were done. It made me laugh and it made me cry. It makes me happy that there are still people out there that like good science fiction.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a modern day adventure film with a great mix of comedy and action, the story is fun and very exciting, and the action is really cool.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the old western films. I've seen them many times and always loved the characters. This is a very well acted movie. The action scenes are great. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves old westerns. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are a few flaws in this film but most of these are nitpicks:  - The film is a bit slow and the ending is a tad rushed.  - There is a great amount of blood in this movie but it's not enough to warrant an award.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of the movie for a long time. I was always thinking about it and I wanted to see it. I finally got my wish and watched it. The movie was great. I am very glad that it was in this century. I wish it had been released a few years earlier. But I like it very much. I would like to see a remake of it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A really good movie, great acting, great cinematography, and a very strong script.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favorite part of this movie is the part where the girls are making a snowman out of a sheet.   The movie: It's about an orphan who has to live with his foster parents (who aren't his real parents) and his foster brother (who isn't really his brother) and they all live in the attic of a house.  They have a lot of kids and when the boys are out one night and the girls come back and are making snowmen they get angry and throw a lot snow at them and that causes a big accident.  This is a really good movie with a lot to say about children and how hard it can be to raise them well.  It is very short and has a lot going on in it, but it is a good story.  I highly recommend this movie and it is definitely worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has everything. It's got a fantastic soundtrack, a strong story line, and a great performance from its lead actress.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie that was well made and well acted.   The movie takes place at a campground near the mountains in Wyoming.  There is a little town that has a post office.  This town is run by a couple named Bill and Alice.  They have a son named Bill Jr.  He has an abusive step mother.  Bill Sr. is a real bad man.  The bad man is played by Billy Bob Thornton.  As the story progresses we learn a little bit about the camp.  It is a place where the children of the town go to get away from the bad things that happen in their town.  All of the kids are from bad families.  A lot of the movie takes a trip to the place where these kids get their supplies.  One of the most enjoyable parts about this movie is watching the character of Alice.   She is a good girl and does a lot of good for her friends.  We get to see a lot about the children and the way they are treated.    We also get to get to know the people that live at the camp and we get to understand the place a little better.  The movie was shot at a very good budget.  I am sure that they could have done a much better job if they had gone to a studio.  At the end of the day, this movie will entertain a lot more people than it annoys. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have a couple of things to say about this movie.  First, I am very pleased that the people at Troma were able to pull off the story of "Tombstone" so well.  The story is pretty good.  And as a bonus, we have a great performance from George Burns, who plays the bad-ass sheriff in this movie!  A really fun movie, especially for kids! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little like a dream come true. It is an amazing story of love and friendship, love and tragedy, friendship and tragedy.  It has a wonderful script by David Mamet.    It is the best script I have ever read.  It really captures all the wonderful qualities of the movie.  The movie is about two best friends, two good looking boys, a girl and a rich girl.  They are all the way through a long winter vacation in the mountains of Maine.  As you can guess they are not the most experienced hikers and have had a bad time.  After a night out they are walking through the forest.  Their companion who is also a boy, is lost.  He has lost his way, his way is covered in snow.  Eventually they find a little clearing and make camp for the night.  Later in the morning they wake up to find the snow had melted.  This leads to a day of adventure.  A great one with the two boys who are now together again, a little lost and an even better one with their beautiful companion who they must rescue.  I don't know how long it took me to get through the movie but it was a great time.   The movie starts with a great song by the great songwriter Bob Dylan " It's All Over Now ".   The film has a lot of beautiful scenery and a good script.    The acting is great and it is the type of movie that can make you feel good and then leave you feeling good.  When you finish the movie you will feel a little sad and happy at the same time. This is a movie that is worth seeing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like good old fashioned westerns, you will like this movie. It is a simple, yet beautiful, story about two brothers who travel across the U.S. to look for their missing father.   It is about the brothers trying to find their father and their relationship with their father as well.  The story is interesting because it is a little different from other westerns you might see.  It has a lot of humor.  This is a movie you will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really hard to find a good thriller.  You have to go to places that no one would ever go and face the unknown, the horrible and the unimaginable.    It is a great thriller that I'm sure will leave you breathless and wanting more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "War of the Worlds" radio broadcast in which the people of Earth were convinced that they were being attacked by aliens was an absolute classic.  There is a lot of tension in this movie and it is a shame it never got the theatrical treatment.  The film is directed by Peter Bogdanovich and stars Michael York, Richard Widmark, Mary Hart, and William H. Macy.  The film is based on the novel by H.G. Wells, "War Of The Worlds".  The story is very good and is very well acted.   This movie has a great cast of characters, the most memorable being Widmark. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . I saw this at a screening a few years ago. It's a good film and a nice one.   I like the movie and I'm glad I'm not the only one who likes it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a nice movie. There was no dialogue for most of it, so I found it difficult to follow the dialogue. This movie does not have a very long run time either, but it does not matter. It is a good, old-fashioned western, but there is more to it than that. There are some excellent performances in this movie. I have only seen a couple of westerns before, but I really enjoyed this one. I think it is one of those good old westerns that people can enjoy over and over again. I give this movie a B
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to admit I've never heard of this movie, and that's why I was so surprised when I saw it at the cinema. It's the story of a girl who was sent to the city to meet a man who wanted to marry her, but her aunt has made it very clear that she has to get married first. So she runs away, leaving her aunt behind. A policeman finds her, and he's not very keen on finding her a suitable husband, and as he goes to find out who sent her, he is attacked by some men who shoot at him. The policeman is killed, and the girl, who has to escape with her aunt, makes her way to a railway station, where she finds a carriage which she can get into, and she goes out into the night. The next day, the train comes to the station and she gets on, but she sees a strange person standing on the platform and she asks him to tell her where she is. The man says he's a train conductor and she doesn't believe him. He's got a big beard and a big hat and is obviously a strange man. Then she meets another man who tells her that the man who attacked her is still at large and they have to get away before he comes back to get them. So they walk down a steep hill and she's suddenly struck by a truck and falls down the side of the road. She gets up and the train conductor takes her to the hospital. The ambulance arrives and they go out to the police station to see who can help them, and find that it's a dead man. So, they take him to the place where the girl was knocked down, and there he's found lying on a bed of nails. He tells them who sent the girls and how they were killed and that he'll go with them to the man's home. The girl and the policeman go with him, and they're followed by two men who have been following them. They go to the house where the man lives, and meet his wife, and are invited in. He takes them into his home and they see his wife's father, and then the policeman takes a knife and cuts the head off the father. Then the policeman stabs the mother and daughter to death. The police take the father and his son away and the girls are taken to the train station and the policemen say to the girl: "We must take you back to the town, where you'll find a
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie. I'm not sure who made this film or why, but I love it. I've seen the same movie a few times before, but this is better than any of them. I guess it's a good thing we live in an age when it's still possible to make great movies about the great things that are happening in the world.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you liked the first two  movies, you are going to like this one.   The script was pretty good, I thought. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am in love with the movie, it has such a cool, retro vibe, the movie starts off with a cool sequence and then we are treated to some awesome fight scenes. This movie is a great action movie, the action scenes are great and the movie is funny. I also like the characters in this movie, I like how they are different, they are like little kids with big dreams and when they get to meet their idols they are all amazed at how awesome the idols are, and then when they finally meet their idol they all get so happy that they actually forget that they have been to a convention. I give it a 9 out of 10
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little movie with a very low budget, and a good cast of actors. The script was very good, and the performances were very good. I found it a little hard to get into at first, but then I found myself enjoying it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice little horror flick. I liked it because I've seen a lot of horror movies and I've never seen anything like this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. The action is great, the plot is pretty good, and the story is pretty cool. It's not quite a "Star Wars" film, but it is good and has a lot of great lines, and that's all that really matters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this on a movie night in San Diego. It's the best sci fi movie I have seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of this movie.  It is well-made, well-acted and well-directed.  It is also a very nice romance.  There are a lot of other movies like this one and I will tell you a few of them.    -   It was a good experience for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, very human movie.  The main character is a beautiful woman (a very interesting one), who can never get out of bed, and always comes home late.  When she has the opportunity to do something nice for her family, she goes to visit them at their home in the country.    It is a lovely story about a father and his daughter and the daughter's love for her father. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting, as a kid I found myself liking this movie, but then I came to realize how it's really more of a kid's movie, in the end, the kid is the star, as long as you like this kid and like watching him do stupid things you will enjoy this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is hard to imagine that such a beautiful movie could be made in the 21st century.   The film opens with a beautiful shot of the ocean.  The story is told in the first person.  I have to say that I never heard a more beautiful song in my life.  A beautiful movie about a beautiful life.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has become a cult classic. I have never seen this movie but when I heard about it I had to see it. I found it very interesting and thought it was very good. The story was well done. It had a good story line. I think the best part of the movie is the end. It is really hard to make it through the movie and get to the ending. It just gets better and better. It was a fun movie. I recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Last of the Mohicans" is a historical drama about a British expedition into the New World to take part in the battle of the American Revolution. The story follows the main character, Colonel John Rufus King, who in 1774 becomes an American and helps the colonists in their fight against the British. His name is mentioned in the American revolution in a brief mention and this short mention is made a main part of the movie. There is a short discussion about the British and the Americans, and how King played a key role in the British victory. Ruf's role is also mentioned. I liked the movie quite a lot. It is very different from most other historical dramas, which tend to focus more on the British side of the story, and in the end we all know that King was also a good soldier and that he played a crucial role in saving the colonists.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie about a boy who is going to be raised by his great aunt, but soon gets caught up in the gang activity of a neighboring town.  The boy was a very interesting character, especially as he was raised by a woman who is very religious and is always trying to convince him to change his ways.  A very interesting story about the boy growing up and getting involved in gang activity, which I found to be a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie a lot! The story is great! I liked the way it was shot. It was great!   The acting was great. I liked how it was played out. I felt bad for the guy who had to wear a fake mustache and beard. I thought he had to play that part very well.   A very entertaining movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well made, and well acted by a very good group of actors. I was also amused by the movie, the whole thing is funny. There are no words for how much fun it is.  One thing I was surprised about is that the movie was made in 1971, and it was filmed at a time when black people were a very little known factor in the United States. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of John Waters.   The original was very good.  And this one was even better.  A great time was had by all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is set in the city of Chicago, so you get a real sense of the urban chaos. The plot was very simple. One night, a stranger comes into a diner and kills a man who is a police officer. Then he goes to a local bar and kills two more police officers. He then heads to a church and kills one more priest and the pastor. The movie is not too complicated. The acting was great. John Hinckley was perfect. I was afraid that the movie would be too violent, but it was not. The killer just goes around killing people and no one is in any real danger. The police do their best to stop him but it is not easy. The only bad thing about the movie is that it had a lot of long shots.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of this film is really good, but I didn't care that much about the second half, so it doesn't count for much.   This film is based on the true story of the Battle of Midway during WWII. It was a close battle, with the U.S. winning but losing over a thousand men.  It was filmed at San Diego, which is about 1 hour away from the actual place in Hawaii.  The film is a nice historical drama, showing how a good team could do the impossible and defeat a much stronger enemy.  I was surprised how much fun it was to watch, even though it was just a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very excited about this movie.  A young girl is in love with an older man.  The girl, Elizabeth (Jill Clayburgh), is a smart and beautiful girl, who likes to travel.  She meets the man, Peter (Sam Rockwell), who has an easygoing manner.    He seems very charming.  But Elizabeth's life changes in the very next scene.  He is arrested and she is sent to a psychiatric institution.  The movie follows Elizabeth's story through the years, when she begins to remember events in her life from when she was very young.  This movie is not about what happens in the past, it is about the present.  I was very interested in Elizabeth's mental state during her years in the mental hospital.  It's interesting to see how a person who has been in a mental institution for a very long time can become so detached from reality.  There are many scenes in this movie that are not only moving, but also very funny.  Even if I didn't understand the mental state of Elizabeth, the humor of the movie was good enough for me to find enjoyment in it.  Overall, this movie is good enough to be enjoyed by everyone.  A good movie that I hope to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film tells the story of a boy who discovers the secret of a treasure-house and the boy's father, who has to solve a number of mysteries. I am a little disturbed by the fact that this is a pre-teen. The boy is the hero of the film, and his father is the villain.   There is a scene that involves the boy stealing a horse and having to flee to a castle, but the horse is just as likely to be shot down by the guards. I think that the movie is too serious to be enjoyed by the young audience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is no question that this movie is a good one. It's funny, it's a good action movie, and it's well-made. If you're looking for a good, solid action movie that you can put on your list of "good" movies to watch when you're bored, then this is the one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie when it came out in 1994. I loved it, and still do. I would give this movie a 10. It is not perfect, but I am a big fan of the movies made by Steven Spielberg. This is no exception. This movie is just as fun as the movies by Spielberg, but not as well made. It does not take itself too seriously and is a fun watch. I give it a 10 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best films I've seen all year.   It's also the best film I've ever seen in the English language, and that's saying something.  This film is a modern classic.  It has a great storyline, with some great performances.  I think it has the most modern style, and I love the use of the music in the film.  The music is pretty simple but it's really effective.  While it is not as interesting a film as the other one, I still think it's a very interesting and memorable film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this one, John Carpenter is a scientist who is sent to Antarctica to research a mystery in a dormant volcano. He meets a woman named Sarah, who is also an explorer, and she is in Antarctica to explore a secret buried beneath the ice.  This movie has a lot of twists and turns.  It also has a creepy feel to it, because I can't tell if it's real or a bad dream.   The movie starts out slow, but by the end of the movie it becomes more exciting.  If you like horror, and you want to watch a good, scary movie, I recommend you check out this one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is one of those movies where you feel a little sad at the end of the movie, and then feel a lot happier when the credits start to roll.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched the movie of this film called the "Saw" when I was about 12 years old.  It is a classic in the horror genre.  I enjoyed this movie and I think it is one of the best horror movies ever made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know about the rest of the world, but to us old guys like us, the "old" Star Trek was an awesome movie.  If you were a kid in the 1960's you had to see it.    A movie I'll be rewatching at least once a year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a pretty great movie and one of the best horror movies I've seen so far this year.   The film is set in a small town in Canada. The story takes place in a little house that is located right by the woods. The film starts off with a guy named Mike (Michael Rooker) who is trying to scare people by making them believe that he is some sort of zombie.  He makes his way to a house where there is a couple (played by Toni Collette and William Forsythe) who are trying to sleep.  The couple are so scared of him that they decide to stay up and watch a movie.  When they go to sleep, they are woken up by a horrible sound.  After some investigation, the two realize that it was a guy (played on screen by Peter Stormare) that made that sound. The couple then decide to run away but Mike keeps chasing them.  In the end, Mike runs into a house that has a young woman (played in the film by a pretty young actress named Amanda Seyfried) and a dog (played very well by Michael Fassbender).  It turns out that Mike's girlfriend has just died.  At the end of the movie, Mike is captured by the police and taken to the local hospital.  It is there that he meets a woman named Elizabeth (Elizabeth Blackmore) who he soon falls in love with.  They have a baby, named Jacob, and he is eventually taken away.  I found this movie to be a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say this is one of the best movies I have seen. I am not an action guy but this movie is a gem. The acting is great and the story is interesting. It is a little slow at the beginning but gets better as it goes on. It was well done and I would like to see a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a nice movie, and it has a really nice story, even though it's very short, but it's also funny and it's not a very long movie.   I liked it, even if I didn't like the movie as much as I thought I would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very good.   It is a true story about a boy, who lived in a small village and was always afraid of the dark. One day he found a silver coin in the woods, which is the reason he is now a famous movie actor.    This is the story of his life in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie.   A little more humor than usual, but not bad at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you love the classic horror films of the '40s and '50s, and have seen the classic TV shows, then this is a must-see!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an interesting film, with some strong and some weak points. The film is set in a small town and features some interesting characters who are at odds with each other. It's a bit predictable at times but has a strong plot and some really good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the movie a few days ago.  The whole thing is so over the top that I was shocked at the whole thing and the way it was shot.  I didn't think much about it at first, because I saw a movie about a couple of guys in a truck that drive around New York and have adventures.   But then the movie went on and on.  I got into it so much I was even able to pick out the faces of the actors and I found myself laughing out loud.  There is no better movie to be on a road trip with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have no idea what to say about this movie except that I enjoyed it a lot. I don't know what the movie is about. It is kind of a mystery. The film starts out like a mystery, but soon it is all about the mystery. I guess you could call it a psychological thriller, but I don?t think it?s really a psychological suspense movie, but more of a psychological mystery. You see, this is a case where the people who were investigating the murder of a police officer turned out to be the ones who were behind it. The police officer was murdered, and it seems that the murderer had also been murdered, but no one can remember who killed him. It turns out that they had a meeting about a week earlier. The murderer, a very bad man, was going to kill a woman. The woman was to get to the police officer to help her get some money from him. The detective had her brought to his house and he started to take her out to dinner and then killed her. There was some sort of an argument between the two of them and it was like this. They had a fight and then the police came and there was a gunfight. I couldn?t figure out why the murderer would kill the police officers. He wasn?t supposed to kill them, and they weren?t doing anything to him. When he killed the police and the woman, it seemed like he killed her to get money for her. The movie didn?t seem to really be about that, but it was interesting to me. The ending is a little slow, but that?s my only complaint about the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable movie. I liked how they kept the story as realistic as possible, the acting was good and I liked the character designs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film in a multiplex the other day, and it was a good time.   It's a very funny movie with a good ending.  I don't really know how to review this movie because it's so funny, but it's not a bad movie.  The film's main story is a tale of the two best friends that are best friends because they are both in love with the same girl.  They decide to get married.  After the wedding they have a party and a huge fight occurs, and that's the end of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are many bad films out there, and this one is not a good one. I liked the first half of the film, and I liked a lot of things about the second half.  But I just didn't like this film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've never seen a better movie in my life.   This is one of those rare movies that actually works!   From start to finish the film is very entertaining and very much a fun movie to watch.  This movie has some great characters, a fantastic story and a great script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a really good movie with a good story, a good acting performance by both the actors and a really bad and annoying scene with a big stupid dumb kid that can't act in a movie  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I'll ever be able to watch the whole movie again, except to listen to it over and over again.    The whole movie is one giant epic.  If I was a kid I'd be screaming by the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie, we meet a new character: A former soldier named John, who was left for dead. After finding his family in a burning house, he finds out that they were killed by a witch who was angry that the man who killed her husband was not in prison. So, he kills her and saves her family. The rest of the movie is him going to a village to find a woman he saved. He learns that the village is being haunted by a creature who was killed by the witch. The witch is now possessing her son and is killing everyone who gets close to it. John must defeat the creature before he kills the entire village. It is a fun movie and it is a shame that the story is not told better in a movie like this. The only good thing about this movie is that it is set in Ireland.      Did you know that this movie has the shortest run time in the history of the world?    I think that is pretty amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that really hits all the right notes. This is the first movie I've seen in years where the story is not just told in a series of short vignettes. It's a real, well-told story, full of action and intrigue, which is pretty much a must for a movie like this. The only thing that is missing here is a little bit more of the "magic" and the mystery of the movie. It would have been nice to see some more action, but I'm happy with this one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a huge horror movie fan, but I like the way this movie is done.  It's creepy, scary, but it's so well made, and so convincing that I found myself completely immersed in the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the best and most well made movie ever made.  There is no way to explain how great the movie is.    The music is incredible.  There is so much detail in the acting.  And the story is good.  This is the kind of movie that will make you laugh out loud.  I would recommend this movie to everyone who has ever wanted to see a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In terms of visual aesthetics, this film is very good. I don't think I've seen a better looking movie that I haven't seen before. The movie is set in a world of knights and wizards, and is basically set in an old-fashioned medieval setting with a bit of a fantasy twist. The only real problem with the movie is the way it ends, which seems a bit rushed. I'm glad it ended at all, though.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never watched a movie with so much sex.  The story is great.       The characters are great. It is a good story with a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best thing about the movie is that it is a good story, a good performance, and a good cast of characters.   I'm going to be totally honest with you:  I really didn't care for this movie at all.  It is a slow burn and it seems like it would've been better served by a little more time.  The film doesn't start off terribly well, but then everything goes downhill from there.  We start off with an episode of the TV show The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.  And I guess I shouldn't be too hard on a movie that's trying to be a TV show.  I suppose that is how a movie like this works.  There are the good episodes, the bad episodes, and the boring episodes.  But you get used to them, and then you start to feel like you are watching something really good.  The bad episodes don't last too long.  You start out in a world where the only reason people go to the desert is to escape the horrible heat.  When the story picks up, we get a bit more insight into why they go to that desert, and we also get a few nice little scenes that really give the desert a bit of character.  Then we go to some sort of space adventure, and all the characters that go to space are really cool.  This film also has the same sort of slow burn that other Space movies have.  At the beginning of the movie, you think it is just going to follow a bunch of characters around, but it ends up being much more than that.  If you watch it on a slow burner, it will be very good. If you want to watch a slow movie, I suggest you do.  As you will see, I have been a fan of this movie for a long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a classic sci-fi adventure.  I'm sure it will not change your life, but it does provide a lot of entertainment and fun for you and your family.  The plot:    A woman has been found with a message written on her hand, which she was given by a fellow pilot named "Bobby" (William Shatner).   He has a message for a group of people in his space ship that has crashed in the desert.   A group of four men and a woman find the ship, and decide to get their belongings.  This is the first time the group has met each other in person, so they have a lot to talk about.  One of the men is a thief, and the woman is his accomplice.  They discover that the ship is being tracked by a ship of the evil Dr. Zaius (Jeff Goldblum).  Zaiust is an alien that wants to enslave Earth and use its technology to build a spaceship.  So, they must try to stop Zaiul and his crew.  The movie was filmed in Australia.  It is a good sci-fie movie, but I'm sure you are already bored of it, because this movie is nothing new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen a movie that was more like a fairy tale than a movie like this.  It has a good cast, and is very fun to watch.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I've said this before, but I'm going to say it again: the movie's not bad at all, and it's definitely not a bad horror movie.  It's got a good story that has you gripped, and the gore is not over the top (though there are a couple of scenes that are a bit ridiculous).  There's also some very cool action scenes and some really funny moments.  But I have to give a lot of credit to Michael J. Nelson.    He is a very versatile actor and the film is a lot more fun when he's involved.  There are a few things in this film that don't work for me, and they are definitely minor.  For example, it is pretty obvious from the start that the killer is the son of a local preacher.  It is never mentioned that the preacher is not a believer, and that is never brought up again.  I thought that it was a little strange that he was able to get so far with such a small boy.  But the bigger problem I have with the film are the performances.  These are not bad performances, but the script makes it seem like the film was directed by a child.  The acting is very basic, and there are some pretty bad jokes.  In the end, this is a fun movie with a very cool ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with a very funny story. It is not a movie about a hero or a bad guy, but a story about two people that get along and share a good laugh.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    What a great movie! The whole family loved it. I have to say that I didn't get much out of this movie, but that is not really the point. This is a very funny movie, with great actors and lots of funny scenes. I was very happy to see that all of the characters are gay and that there are some "sophomoric" and "ridiculous" people. The movie was made in 1966, so that's the era of gay "activism". I think that it is quite an interesting movie, and if you are a homosexual, you will enjoy it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those "noir" films that makes you wonder if the police really are trying to find out who killed the woman.  It has a good cast of characters, including a police officer who is actually a man, and a man with a wife.  I thought this was a fun little film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a very nice story and it is also very funny. The actors were very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you want to see an epic, mind-blowing action movie, and a terrific portrayal of a truly bad-ass character, I highly recommend watching this film.   It's a good time for those who like to see big action scenes with explosions and guns, or those who have been longing for a great movie that combines action, drama, comedy, science fiction, romance, romance-with-a-trouble, a whole lot of romance and even a whole LOT of comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie about a great band. The whole thing is a fantastic tribute to the greats: Dylan, the Stones, Led Zeppelin, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, etc.   The movie is about the time they played on the roof of the Palladium, during the summer of 1967.  It's a wonderful, funny, raucous movie with great performances. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this before, and I like it even more:        The plot was not so original, and the movie is more interesting than I thought it would be.   I also like the characters a lot.  The movie itself is pretty good:  I like the humor, the actors are funny, the girls are hot, and there are a few things that are a little sad and even pathetic, but overall it's a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie, and so does my friend.   The story is a little bit silly and the dialogue is often hilarious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good thriller, a good love story, a nice twist in the ending, and a very good action scene. It has been over a year since my last review, but I have been meaning to write something about this movie for a long time now.   The film opens with a close up of a pair of eyes, that we do not see for a moment. As the camera slowly pans down, we notice that this is a movie set in a hospital. The eyes, are the eyes of a woman who is in a coma, which is slowly being reversed by a surgeon named Dr. Ehrlich. Dr.Ehrlich is played by Richard Boles, who has played a number of good characters in the past. Dr Ehrliche is not a bad guy, he is not evil, he just is very good at what he does.  Dr. Erichlich (Richard Boles) is a surgeon who is good at his job.  He has his own patient named Rose (Sally Field). She is a woman in a constant state of pain, and she comes to Dr.Boles in a very short period of time. She has been a patient of Dr. Boles for about two years, and they have a very close relationship. Rose's mother has taken over her care, and as a result, Rose has a very difficult time of it. Rose has been unable to talk, and is unable to eat much, and even when she does eat, she doesn't feel good.  The only good thing that she can do is to write her letters, which are also written by Rose.  After a little while, we get to know that Rose is a very kind and gentle woman.  Rose has come to Dr Boles to try and help her mother. She doesn't seem to know what to do, but Dr.Carson (David Bowie) comes to the rescue. Dr Carson has some issues with Rose, but is able to come to her aid.  I have to say that I have a soft spot for Dr. Carson, because he comes from a very broken home, and he has a great sense of humor.  At the beginning of the movie, Rose's father (John Cassavetes) is in jail, and her mother (Marilyn Monroe) has been arrested for stealing money.  It is a small town with a very small population, and we don't get to see the entire
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a very fun movie to watch, it was just about a man who was a pirate and a slave who lived together and a boy who was also a pirate. The movie was very well acted and there was a lot of fun scenes. It has a lot more of a pirate theme to it and you see how the pirate life was a hell. The man who is a pirate, he has a good sense of humor and he can laugh at himself a little bit. The pirate was a great character, he is very brave and will fight for what he believes in. The girl who is also a princess, she is not the best princess, but she is very pretty and I liked her. The boy was a little too good looking and I was not sure about him. He was a good pirate.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story begins as a normal day at work for a new clerk to the court, J.D. At the courthouse he meets with his new boss, a very attractive woman named Rachel. Rachel introduces herself and says she is taking a break from her job, so J. D. can get back to work. Rachel says that she is a divorce attorney, and J. d. tells her he is going to court for a divorce. After they finish their lunch J.d. goes back to the office. He has been waiting to hear from his ex-wife, he is in a hurry. As he goes into his office he is surprised to find a woman named Cindy walking in. Cindy tells J. he should have come earlier. She says he has to meet her at the courthouse. J. is stunned to see a woman walking in with two children. She tells him she has no husband and that she will have to go through a divorce to get a new one. He tries to get her to tell him where she lives, but she says she can't, Cindy is a bad influence on him, she is married to the man she married. J gets angry and tells her she has to go. He goes to the courthouse and meets the woman who will be his new wife. Cindy says that he should know she is not her husband, J is not interested. He leaves and calls Cindy to tell her to wait there. Cindy gets mad at him and tries to force him into the car. As she tries to pull away she is struck by a car. J d. gets into the driver's seat and tries his best to save her. The car crashes and Cindy is killed.   A police officer tells J that his ex wife was killed by a man driving a car that looked like a fire truck. The officer also says that the car was parked at a local motel. He thinks that the man that killed Cindy was driving that fire truck, but is unable to find the car's license plate. After he has a chance to see the car again he finds that it is registered to the motel, the guy driving it looks familiar.  , a great movie about a divorced man who meets his ex's killer. The movie is great and has a great story line. I like how J. was so much angry at Cindy. It makes him want to get revenge for what happened. I would have liked to see more of J.s. anger towards Cindy and how
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. If you like good movies this is a good one. A good movie with good acting and a good story. I like the movie and will watch it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most fun I had at a film festival was at this. The whole cast are great, I think it's about time that someone brought a female lead to the horror genre and the only thing that could possibly go wrong is if the movie is over too quickly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching this at home while I was doing some homework.  It is about a man who wants to find out the truth about the murders of his family in the midwest.    He discovers the murderer was a high school classmate of his wife.  It's hard to believe a movie made in 1968 could have so much humor and charm.  If I had a nickel for every time I laughed at something or the movie was made even funnier, I would be rich.  It is a good example of how a well-written, interesting, suspenseful movie can still be great today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice and entertaining movie about a man who has become the king of a small town. He has an army and a small kingdom but he's not interested in conquering them. He just wants to spend time with his wife and daughter.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie so many times, I know it by heart.   It's just a little slow, a little bland, but if you like action movies, you'll like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best of the bunch:  The first movie of a trilogy, the story follows the journey of an elderly man who, at the age of 85, decides to visit his hometown of Llanberis. His visit is not the same as before, for this time he decides to go to the village that was his childhood home. The old man meets his old friend who is living in the village. But the old friend seems to have forgotten the last time he was in Llanbershire. It seems that he doesn't even remember his own name. But this old friend is very good at remembering his friends. And they go to Llanbshire together. The whole movie is filled with beautiful moments: The scenery is so beautiful and full of life that it becomes hard to believe that we are in the 19th century! It's like we're in the middle of a picture-perfect movie. And what's even better: it is not a fairy tale, it is a real story. It has everything: a love story, a happy ending, a little tragedy and a good, well-acted comedy. It's the story of a happy life with lots of laughter.   The second movie of the trilogy:  As I already said, the third movie of this trilogy was directed by Anthony Minghella. It was the movie of my childhood. It started out as a good story with an old man who is trying to return home after a long time. He visits the place that he was born in. The movie is full of beautiful moments, and I recommend it to everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a man and a woman trying to survive a post-apocalyptic world is quite entertaining.  A man and his wife go out to find a new life in the wasteland.    The woman is pretty much just a sexless zombie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an extremely well made movie with good characters and good action.  I think the cast is really good, and I also like that they don't over do it like many Hollywood action movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a beautiful day.   The sun was shining.  The birds were singing.  My son, my only son, was riding in a horse and buggy along with his friend, Mr. Brown.  When they got to a road with a big tree at the end, Mr Brown said to his friend:  "I'll go up on the top of that tree and swing down.  " And then he swung down. I think he was a good swing man.  I didn't see him again.  He must have died.  It's very sad to say, but this man had a heart of gold, and he never stopped.  - July 9, 2005It's very, very sad  Reviewer: cb18201 - favorite favorite favorite - May 22, 2005  Subject: It is the movie of my life This is the film that made me a big movie buff and I will never ever be without it. I was only 8 years old at the time but it is one of the most memorable movies ever made. If you have a big heart you will love it as much as I do. It is one great family movie that has a beautiful ending. It's funny and the actors do a fantastic job. It has a great soundtrack that is a highlight of this film. This movie is for the kids. It tells a really sad story with funny characters. I hope to see it again in a theater one day. - May 25, 2005The movie of mine of my time
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was great.    The story follows a man named J.B. Bisson who is an ex-convict who is sent to prison for a crime he didn't commit. The story has a lot of comedy to it, but it's never over-the-top.  It was also great to see him interact with other prisoners. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie with a couple of friends who weren't into horror movies and we all enjoyed it. It's really good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is about a boy who discovers his father is a famous actor, and goes to visit him. This is just the first half, and then the story gets really good. I highly recommend this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - The movie was very well-acted.   I like the way they handled the relationship between J.K. Rowling and David Yates, and how they were both able to give their best performances.  - There is something to be said about a man who can create a story which is so well-written that it becomes part of the cultural fabric of its time and place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun movie to watch, it's a little slow, and has some slow-mo action sequences, but it's not boring.  It was a good action movie and a good family movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only movie I've seen in the last year that I could watch again and again and enjoy it all over again.   This is a movie that needs to be seen by more people than just the people who watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen this film yet, but I read an interview with the director, Robert Rodriguez, and he said that the title of the movie is a reference to a movie by Elia Kazan. The first half of the film is about a young boy who dreams of becoming a singer. His mother tries to stop him from making his dreams a reality by telling him that his dreams are a bad joke. However, it's the real life Kazan that gives this film a bit of its edge, as the movie has an odd blend of musicals, comedy, and even a bit on science. I'm not really sure if it's a good mix or not, but it certainly is a movie worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an entertaining and good movie.   The movie was good and enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film takes place in a world where an immortal demon has returned to earth.   It's a pretty straightforward movie: The demon kills a man, gets rid of his body and then uses the blood of his lover to create a new body for himself.  He doesn't last long though.  The only problem with the story is that the film never quite knows how to end.  It is a fairly simple story with a lot of violence, but it never really gets off the ground.  Overall, this is a good vampire film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      This is a great movie.   The movie takes place in the same universe as the "Dawn of the Dead" movie. I haven't seen the first one yet but I love this movie. This movie is really a horror film and the actors are good. I don't like the movie because it has some stupid dialog but it's good fun.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The story of a father and son and their adventures on the Texas frontier. I have always been a fan of westerns and always wanted to see the big Western movie in a big budget. It was always in the back of my mind that this would be the one. The best part of the film is the music. I was never a fan, but the film has a great score and it was really exciting to hear it on the big screen."   I would rate this as a 4.5 out of 5 for action scenes, character, and the music, however I think the movie was too long. I think it would have been much better if it had been shortened a bit. There are a few scenes that are a little repetitive. The last time I saw this movie it had a few more scenes in it and the ending was a little different. The movie also has a lot of dialogue, which can be a little frustrating. It is a little slow at times.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of the Star Wars movies and the original Star Wars Trilogy, so this was a good way to see a Star Wars movie. The plot was simple:  The story was simple, but I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it. It wasn't bad, and it wasn't a "Star Wars Movie."  The characters were good and the action was great.  I was impressed with how the film was set on a planet with a long history of conflict.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best things about The Room is how it doesn't waste a single scene.  It is so damn good that I don't even want to discuss the rest.    -  You can get all the reviews about this movie from the filmographies, but in my humble opinion, the most important thing to get out of this movie is this:   If you've seen the first two Room movies, then this one will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a nice little comedy, that has some great dialogue, and good acting from a number of different people.  It is a good idea that is a bit over the top, and will probably offend some people, but I think that is what makes it a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made on the order of an order of St. George and the Dragon, and I have to admit, I had a hard time believing it until I saw the trailer. It was quite fun to watch a movie that was filled with all sorts of strange creatures and characters, and it's a shame that the producers of this movie could not bring it to a better conclusion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say I love this movie   It is a movie about a kid who is an engineer in a car race with a girl he likes, and he's also a real good guy.   The movie is really fun and well-done.  And I don't care if it's a kids movie.  It has some funny scenes, and the guy driving is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a film that is both action packed and heart wrenching.   I really loved this film.  I mean who doesn't love the action.  It was like the best thing I've ever seen.  There were plenty of action scenes, which were both thrilling and well done.  The heart wrenchingly sad ending really made it one of the best movies I've seen this year.  This film has that "feel" to it that makes you smile, and then it ends with you crying.  - January 19, 2014Best Action Movie of the Year 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great adventure! It has a fantastic plot with a great cast of characters! If you love adventure, you will love this movie! This movie takes you on a wild ride.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As good as it gets.   "The Exorcist" is a fantastic movie.  It has everything: suspense, thrills, horror, and more horror.  Director and screenwriter William Friedkin brings us the tale of the demonic possession of a young girl by an exorcist.  The story has a lot of suspense, but it's not a horror movie.   The film takes place in a small town in Missouri where the local school is under a lot pressure from a big organization which is trying to raise money for a project called "The End of the World".  The group is under the guidance of a man named William Stavros (Richard Widmark) who seems like a decent guy, but he's not.  William believes he's helping the world and in his own mind he's doing just that.  We also meet a girl named Ellen who is possessed by the devil himself.  She does not want to leave Stavro's house, so he has to keep her there with him.  Ellen's boyfriend, Tom, has a thing for Ellen and gets into a fight with her in the parking lot.  Tom tries to get her to leave, but she keeps getting closer to the devil.  Stavos then shows Ellen to Ellen's house.  When they enter, Ellen and Tom immediately start fighting.  There are a lot more fight scenes in this movie, and a lot that is pretty bloody.  A lot of the movie takes place at night and the movie is filled with creepy characters.  Friedkin does a great job in bringing the movie to life, and we really get a feeling of what it would be like if we were watching the movie at night in our own home.  This movie is a little disturbing, but the movie doesn't give us a whole lot of information.  However, the movie does make you think about things you probably wouldn't normally think about, so it's a good film to watch at night.  If you like horror and supernatural movies, then this is definitely one you should watch.  The Ex is an   A- Movie   This film was not at all what I expected it to be.  I was a little disappointed that the movie didn't feel like it had more scares in it, but I also didn't see anything supernatural in this film.  Maybe it's just that I wasn't expecting much out of this movie and it just didn't
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a good one, but I had no idea what was going on until I found the credits, and found out that the guy who played the "villain" was playing the role of a "good guy." That's just like the "Good Guys" in other movies I've seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not sure if I wanted to see the new James Bond film,  Skyfall, which was being released in theaters the same day as  A Good Day to Die Hard. I wanted a sequel to Die Another Day and thought this would be a good way to start the new 007 series. Skyfall was an interesting film, though I did not really like the way the action was shot. This is something I like about a Bond film--it's always exciting, but always looks great. It's a movie that I think most people will enjoy, and it is good to see that Skyfall has a good script and some nice action sequences. The only thing I didn't like was the lack of suspense. There are too many moments in the film where it seems that something is going to happen. I wish they had been able to add a little more tension, but I guess the fact that this is Bond is good enough.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not really that excited about this film. It wasn't terrible, it was just not very interesting. It's a fairly well known character from the classic film of the same name, and a rather forgettable one too. I don't mind that he's forgotten though, the character is kind of charming, and I liked the old "Hangover" gag where he's hanging around the bar talking about his life. I just didn't like this film very much. It was too long, and too slow, and had no real plot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found myself quite satisfied by the movie. The plot was good, it had the action, the tension and the romance, it was well made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had not heard of this before but I did a quick search on Google and it turns out that it is a very good movie!   It is about a young boy named Paul and his friend named John who are friends with a bunch of young boys who live in a town called Woodstock.   One day, John and Paul are riding their bicycles and they see a strange car driving down the road and a strange man inside.  After a while, the strange man asks them to take a ride and they go to the car.  As soon as the car starts up, the car suddenly starts to drive off into the woods.  The boys are scared and they hide inside the car and wait.  Suddenly, a light shines through the window and a man appears and tells them that he is Paul and that he has come to take John away.  When Paul asks where John is, the man tells him that he does not know.  Paul asks why he is there, and the man says that he must go now.  Once Paul is gone, John runs out of the woods and tells the other boys about the strange car and the strange person inside.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big fan of superhero movies. I'm sure there is something to be said about the characters and the action scenes, but I have never been that much of a fan of the genre. I found this movie to be a fun adventure, though a little on the slow side, but definitely worth a watch. It is a little silly at times, and at other times it is very well done. I think this movie could be a great movie for children, especially for kids who like a good story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the year 2013, the world is not a very happy place. The population is growing, but is unable to find a way out of its problems. The rich, in particular, have gotten richer, but their lives seem so hard to sustain that many of them are on the verge of depression. That is, until the charismatic young politician, Jack Kerouac, and his friend Mark Twain, join forces to take on the system. The story of Kerouach and Twain, which they call "The Road Less Traveled" is a story of their own: it is their journey back from depression and despair to happiness and success. It is a very good movie. It was written by, and starring, one of the most respected authors of our time, Ernest Hemingway. Hemingways greatest literary work, A Farewell to Arms, was written while in a French prison, after his refusal to serve in World War I. This movie is a tribute to him and a celebration of the fact that he was a great writer. He wrote about war, death, and the hardships of war, in a way that only he could. His words, however, were written for us to read, not for our enjoyment, but to inform us of the hardships and problems that we face as human beings. We are not meant to ignore these problems. We have been created by our problems.   The story is a beautiful one. Hemings last book, and one of his best, is a tale of a man who is broken, but who still finds a way to persevere in the face of his own demons. He is broken from his own faults, and yet he finds a solution. It doesn't matter what the solution is, he finds it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a wonderful movie.   It's about a man who's not so bad and is in love with a woman who is not so good.  I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not disappointed at all!  It is well acted and the story is very interesting.  The cast is fantastic.  There is a reason that this movie is in the top 10 of most requested movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not usually a huge fan of horror, but this film did scare me a little. It starts off slow but it never lets up and eventually there is a very intense finale. I hope it gets more recognition and the movie is nominated for a best picture Oscar.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sure you have seen it by now:  the movie is about the death of a friend who is in love with the beautiful and tragic actress Anna, a girl from the town of Niederbronn, which is located in the heart of Germany.   A few weeks before the movie, the friend, who is not a very successful actor, suddenly becomes a star, thanks to the great love of Anna.  In the movie he plays the part of a man who is having an affair with Anna, but she knows nothing of it.    He is always at her side.  In the movie Anna shows her most beautiful eyes and she has a heart of gold.  The director, Walter Hill, is also a great director and the acting is outstanding. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated horror films of all time. It is not afraid to go to a dark place. The film is very well done. There are some very good jump scares and an unforgettable score. The only negative I can find is that it does not really get to the point of the movie. But for a movie that is so dark and is so well made it is not a bad movie at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a short story of the same name by Raymond Chandler, about a small town girl named Susan (Sandy Denny) and her lover James (Bill Murray) who move to a small New England town in the summer. It is a pretty decent movie, mostly because of the acting of Bill Murray and Sandy Denny, both of whom I enjoyed. I think this is a movie worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great little adventure about an adventure into the past.   The story takes place on a mysterious island where you are forced to play the part of a lost explorer. The story is about a young boy named Paul (Tom Holland) who travels through a mysterious place that is full of danger. Paul finds a magical crystal that is capable of allowing him to travel back in time. Paul's adventures are interesting, but I felt that the story could have been a little better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie I thought, "Wow! I have never seen anything like this before!"  In fact, this movie is so unique that it will be a film that is never forgotten.  The movie is a true gem.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure why they didn't shoot this on location in South Africa. It's not hard to imagine what the film could have been like if the crew had taken the time to find out what a fantastic place it is.  This is a film that you want to watch, you want it to be good, you don't want it, and then you get it and you are just blown away by it.  I have no idea what I'm going to do with the rest of my life...
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is very similar to "Wicked" in the sense that the main characters are a group of young men who try to make money by selling a magical charm. This charm is said to have the power to "make anything beautiful" and can be used for all kinds of things. It is said that one of the charms, which they have been selling, is so rare that they don't have enough to last them for the next year. One day they go to a circus that's holding a show and the main character (Jude) sees a young woman in a beautiful dress. He's so taken with her that he starts kissing her and begins to flirt with her, and after a while the woman starts to cry and he goes back to his group and apologizes to her. At this point the magician who has been watching them begins to make a few changes to the show and starts to take pictures of them. He then asks the girl to be his girlfriend.   After the magician's photo-shoot, the young woman tells her friend (Diane) that she is not interested in anything but being with Jude and the two start to date.  This is all very well written and acted, and while it is set in a circus, it does not take itself too seriously and I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been wanting to see this movie for a while. It is not your usual Hollywood action movie. This movie is about a young man named Steve, who is in the army. One day he is assigned to a military base in the middle of nowhere. There he meets his best friend, Steve. The two get into a fight. Steve ends up on the ground and his friend comes to his aid. But, when he tries to help him up, he is shot. The doctor, played by David Carradine, tries to save him but he dies. Steve's best friend comes in and asks him what he was doing. Steve says he was just playing. His friend says he knew he was playing. Steve asks his friend what he thinks he was thinking. The friend says it wasn't just playing, it was a game. The film ends with Steve's friend's name being said on the tombstone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a movie that will leave you feeling as though you've had a nice restful night with the good old world.   The only thing I would like to add is that it is also very funny, with a good sense of humor and a good screenplay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fantastic movie, very entertaining, and the plot is very simple and the movie moves along in a very smooth way.   The acting is pretty good, I was impressed by the acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  The actors all have a good time and are great to watch.  It's a short movie so I wouldn't recommend it for long viewing.  I will definitely watch this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie once before on cable, and it was a lot better then this one, but not by much. The music is pretty good, and the plot is really stupid. I guess they wanted to make a movie about a guy who is in a motorcycle accident and loses his legs, but it's so boring, and I have no idea what's going on.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't expect much from a film that was about a couple of guys who wanted to play basketball in New York City.   They didn't really need any help because they both were really great players.  They made a movie about New York in the 1940s, and it wasn't really that bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does not waste a minute of time and it really goes for it in the best possible way. The plot is pretty simple and the acting is very good. I'm not a huge fan of the horror genre but this one is very different and I think it's a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found the story to be rather interesting. I like to see how a man in his thirties comes to the conclusion that the woman he loves is a witch and he is going to try to make her fall in love with him. It's not all bad though, because the movie gives us an extra little twist at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film.  It has a lot of heart and a lot funny parts.  This is the second in a series of films about the life of a famous comedian.  It features his daughter.  The film has a nice mix of comedy and drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The film takes place in the year 1858, when a young man, who has a habit of stealing, steals a small, very pretty girl from a wealthy gentleman who lives in the town of Pembroke. After taking the girl, he sets out on the road with a horse and buggy, and soon the pair are caught by the sheriff and brought to Pembrun. There the young man's actions are investigated by an old man, known as a "Sheriff," who, when he finds out who he is, calls out "Ain't I a gentleman!" He then asks the young robber to prove that he is a gentleman. When the young gentleman refuses, the Sheriff says, "I can see you're no gentleman, sir, for you have broken the law."   The "Sheriffs" in this film were played by Robert Powell and Peter Cushing. Powell is the Sheriff, and Cushing is his subordinate, the only one of the Sheriff's men who seems to like the "old man."  The Sheriff seems to be rather harsh in the beginning of the film, but he seems to have softened somewhat by the time they get to Pempysburg.   "Ain' Ain't I A Gentleman!"   It is interesting to note that this is a film that was shot in a barn, and that it was made by a man who lived on a farm.  Robert Powell, Peter Cushnock, and the old man who is the "Sherlock Holmes"   I enjoyed the movie, but it was not one I was especially looking forward to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  There is a lot of violence and nudity in this movie but it is in no way graphic.   It's very entertaining and has a lot more to it then it appears.  It has a wonderful ending and is worth a look.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, and it is so damn good!   It's a great action film.    There are a lot of awesome sequences in this film, like the one where they take a truck filled with people and shoot it up.  There is also the scene where they are shooting up a truck that they just came across and there are so many great scenes like that.  But the best thing is the scene when they drive a tank into a group of soldiers and start killing them.  This is just pure fun!  It really is.  It has a great ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "It's a beautiful night out for the ladies, ladies. But what is a lovely night out without some dirty talk?" The answer: the ladies take a quick walk to a nearby park to see if there's any good to be had. As the camera pans across the women's bodies, we can see their smooth skin, smooth legs, and smooth asses. They are all wearing tight leggings, revealing their soft, smooth skin. There's a very small black man in the background with his back to the camera, he is also wearing tight shorts, revealing his very small, tight, black dick. They walk along a small park, and the men have fun making a "play" with each other's butts. One of the men grabs a young woman's leg and begins to fondle her, but she keeps saying "no." At this point, one of the women pulls the young man away, and begins walking away. The man, with his dick in hand, tells the other man to "keep his hands to himself." The woman pulls him back, and he begins to rub it against the young woman. The other man tells her to "just let him do his thing." At that point, the man in a black shirt and black jeans pulls his hand out of the young girl's leg, and starts to masturbate with it. The woman in tight legging, pulling her leg back to keep herself from being molested, tells him "stop." The other woman starts to cry and run away, but the man continues to masturbating, making "muffled sounds" in the girl's ear. Finally, the young women catch up with the young men and tell them to stop. At this, the other woman is told to "be a lady and stop talking." The young men apologize, and turn back to their "play," but the young girls keep saying "NO." Finally, one man stops talking, and tells the girls to "leave them alone." After they leave, the two young men begin to get in each others pants, but one of them pulls his pants down, revealing the young lady's black hand in his crotch. It looks like a tiny, white cock. At first, the woman doesn't think anything of it, but soon she finds her panties wet and her legs shaking. The two young women start to feel guilty, and decide to have a nice time without the man. They make their way to the bathroom,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good, fun movie.  I'm a big fan of the original Ghostbusters.    This is a fun, funny, and funny movie. It's definitely a good time movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the funniest movie I've seen in a long time. It has a great premise, great characters, and it's a lot of fun to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't say I didn't like this movie.  It's a good story with a twist at the end.   I think that is why this movie has become so popular.    I hope the movie continues to be made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is a wonderful sense of humour to be found in the film and one could easily be forgiven for thinking it a comedy. The script is a mixture of clever one-liners and some genuine comedy.   The only thing that bothers me about the movie is that it doesn't seem to know what it's trying to do, but it still works as a good popcorn movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-written movie.  It has a wonderful tone to it.    I am sure many people will enjoy it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Brick" is the only one of the movie I didn't enjoy, the only bad thing about it is that I wish they had used some real people to play the part of the "Bricks" but that is not what the movie was about.   I was disappointed with the ending, but if they didn't have a budget for a sequel I wouldn't be too disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is very well-written, and quite funny. The music is great, as well.    There's an interesting story to tell here, and I'm sure that there will be some great sequels. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a number of films on this site over the years. The only one I have watched that was a great movie was this one. It was a real pleasure to watch. I will probably go see it again sometime in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only good thing about this movie is the voice of the man who plays the lead role in this movie. I don't know how this man does it. He has the voice that I hear in my dreams at night and I'm pretty sure he's in a dream state when he says it. But he's really in his dream. I'm not sure I've ever heard someone say a line like that before. The way he sounds is exactly how I'd imagine it would sound if I were a real person. That's a good thing. This movie is really a dream that you wake up to, and you wake to a really nice dream. It's not the sort of movie that's going to make you want to take a nap after, but it's a movie you could watch for hours on end. And it's really good to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was very difficult to get through this film.   The film was good.  It wasn't a good story.  The script was pretty bad.  This film would be better if the actors had been more believable.  I don't think I'll be watching this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is not really bad. The story is not bad. It is a simple, yet exciting, tale about a boy who gets trapped in a house and has to save his friends from a group of criminals.   It is not too complex, and yet there is enough humor and action in it to keep it interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was entertaining and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is interested in horror. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's not too good. The plot was not too original. The characterizations were not too convincing. The acting was not bad, but nothing spectacular either. I guess the film has a bit of a cult following, but it's just that - a cult. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the few great films made by American directors in the 80's.   - March 18, 2006One of the Greats
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little disappointed that we didn't see a more involved fight scene between the two heroes (I thought that was the entire plot), but then I thought about it and thought "Well, there's really not much else to do in the first half." It's not as if we get a lot of time with the other characters, and it's not like there's a lot to do. The action is fairly limited, and as usual the acting is pretty bad. It's a shame too, because a good deal of the film is filled with really nice set pieces and action sequences, and the special effects are pretty good too.  So, this was pretty disappointing.    A solid action movie that doesn't really do anything new with its source material. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like to think of myself as a guy who likes a good laugh and a good story, so I was looking forward to this one, but as it turned out, it was nothing but the same thing again.   It was a story of two guys trying to get into a casino.  The guy with the good looks and the money is a high roller, the guy who is a loser is an addict.  There was no suspense.  I didn't think it was going to be that good.  But then I found out that I had seen this film before.  It is just like it, only with a different ending.  This film is just a lot of wasted space with a guy trying to win money, while another guy is trying to be a loser. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is about a man who is being chased by a man called "Mr. Mowrer" who wants to steal his dog. In the process he has to fight a man with a sword. The story has a great action sequence in which the man with the sword tries to get the dog from the man's home. It is a very good film and the action sequences are very exciting. The sound effects are good and the soundtrack is very good. I have to say that this film has no real bad moments.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've had a few movies about the war. One was a great movie. The other was a mess, but I'm sure the director didn't mean it to be a mess.   Posted by Robert E. Knepper at 8:29 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw it I was really amazed by how much thought went into the whole thing. It's like a more intelligent and less silly version of the old TV show "Star Trek: The Next Generation".  I've never been a big fan of the original series so it's a great pleasure to see it done with such care and attention. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who's a fan of science fiction.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been in the mood for a vampire movie before, but I am glad I went to see it. I was so impressed with this movie. The actors are all great, and all of the performances are top notch. I also really like how the story is told. I can't wait to see what happens next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie as much as the first.  That's probably not surprising given how similar it is to the first film.    I liked how the movie got darker and darker.  This is the first time I've seen a movie that made me go "What the hell?   "   It wasn't until the last act that I realized that there was something going on here.  I don't know if this is a good thing.  It's kind of a long movie so you may have had time to sit down and think about what you've seen before.  The story, as I understand it, is of a young woman who moves to a new town and meets a young man.  After a short period of time, he takes her out on a date and she realizes that he's actually her ex-boyfriend.  As I said, it's a long film so I'll probably end up watching it again in a few months.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't mind the bad acting or the poor story, it was just a little bit of a slog, but it was very enjoyable to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so excited to see this movie and I'm so glad I did!  It is so cool and creepy and a great horror movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little bit of magic and a lot of laughs.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is nothing in this movie that isn't entertaining. The characters are all funny and the dialogue is always witty.   I really liked this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen it already, go see it.   The best movie in the "Funny, Heartwarming and Amazing" genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A young woman's journey of self-discovery as she tries to understand her own mother's death and her own place in the world." I don't care what anyone says. This is the best movie I've ever seen.  There's something about this movie that makes it the best.    There are things in this movie which I've seen before.  In "The Wizard of Oz" Dorothy has a pet dog, a wolf.  The wolf can't speak.  He can only bark.  It's a pretty funny scene.  "The Witch" is also very funny.  Her hair falls down and her hairbrush is stuck to the top of her head.  But it's also very scary.  There's something wrong with Dorothy's mother and she's a witch.  Dorothy sees her, she looks like a child with black eyes.  This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      The film is not very well-made. The camerawork and cameraworks are very stiff. There is no sense of excitement in the film and there is not much of a plot. It's a simple, dull film about a group of friends, some of them in their 30s, who go on a picnic and then drive around.   I was glad that this film was made at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie that will stick with you. I like how the movie shows that a woman is a very important and powerful woman, but her power is very subtle.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's like one of those old movies that you can still watch on YouTube ( I watched it a couple of times, once on YouTube and again on the big screen) where you can't believe the fact that it's only a movie! A lot of fun and a must see movie for everyone!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not sure about the title, but this is a very good movie. I loved the ending. It was awesome. I didn't know the meaning of the words "God" and "spirit" but they were so obvious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a huge fan of comedy (and a big fan of the movies of John Hughes).  But I enjoyed this film and it's funny.  It's funny and it had a good script, with good writing and great acting.    The story is simple:  - A woman gets a "bad man" to marry her (her "bad" man being a bad movie star).  - She has to get rid of the bad man, and he is the last person she would expect to do that.  - 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an action movie from the 70's that has an awesome soundtrack.   The action scenes are very well choreographed and the actors have great chemistry together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was not only excellent, but it was really a well-made film. The story is interesting, but is a bit hard to follow. The action scenes were good.  And, of course, the actors were great!  In fact, the film had some great performances:    I really like that the film is set in the 1940s.    It really looks the part of a 1940s action film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good horror movie. It's not a good scary movie, but I thought it was fun.    This is one of those movies that I just want to watch again. I love scary movies, and I really like these movies, I think they are very clever, and really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't know if I've ever seen a film that makes me smile like this one does. I found the humor in this film to be funny and I like the way the director put this together. It's really a funny little movie that I would highly recommend to anybody who likes a good laugh.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's worth giving it a chance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie about a small town and a couple of kids who have some fun doing stupid stuff around it. The plot is basically a couple are bored so they decide to take a walk in the woods. What follows is a series of funny, sometimes scary, and often silly moments that are sure to keep you laughing throughout the entire film. It's fun, silly, and just plain silly all at the same time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie at the theatre where my brother and I used to see our old friends from high school. It was a lot of fun and a good lesson on life.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great thriller from a director whose name isn't known in the US, but who does have a couple of excellent westerns.   It is set in the Old West, but with a twist: the heroes are from the future.  The film is beautifully shot and it has a lot of great action sequences, including the one in which the hero uses a time machine to travel back in time to the 1800's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie, but I had to admit I did not like the ending. I didn't mind the way the ending went as much as I thought I would, but it seemed like it was rushed and rushed too fast. The movie has a good story and some decent acting. It is an excellent movie for adults, and I hope that it is made available in a more reasonable time frame.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film has many similarities to   the classic   story of   Frankenstein, except for the fact that this   is an adaptation of a Japanese   comic book by the same name.   I found the plot and characters to be quite clever and unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great love story and a great romantic comedy.  It has the feel of an early 20th century melodrama.   In a beautiful setting, the characters are well acted and portrayed.  There are many other movies that I watched that made me laugh out loud, but this one will make you cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am so grateful for the way that the director, John Sayles, uses the music to get a point across. The song that is played in the beginning is "This Land Is Your Land" by Woody Guthrie. It's a wonderful song that I grew up singing and always enjoyed the way the lyrics are expressed in this movie. In fact, I've listened to the song a couple of times already, and it's still a great one. It just doesn't seem to fit the situation that is presented, but that is probably because it was written by a different composer, Jerry Bock, who wrote "The Lady Is a Tramp" and "Hank Aaron" and many others.   If you like the music of Woody Guthries, or just plain good music, you won't be disappointed in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very fun film. The characters are likable. The script is good and the story is good. I liked the twist at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are looking for a good comedy, this is a great one. It is funny, it has a great plot, and it's a very good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie about a man that was in love with his girlfriend who had an affair with her boss.   This is an interesting movie about love and revenge, but it also has a lot of comedy and action.  A few things I like about this movie: - The characters are really likeable - I like the story, but I like that the action and the comedy are both very good - It's a very good movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie and a wonderful ending, I liked it, and the music is good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie and a great movie to watch on a lazy weekend evening. I have never seen a movie like this before. The movie is about a group of college kids who spend their weekends in the woods with their father and brother. The boys are very much into the woods and are having a great time. One day, they decide to go out and smoke a cigarette, and all of a sudden, a little girl runs into the room, and it turns out she is an American Indian. She tells the boys she is looking for her father, who is an old white man who has gone missing. She is not looking for anything, but just for a place to sit and rest. So the boys are all very excited, but there is one problem, the father has been taken away by some evil Indian warriors, and they are going to have to fight their way out of there. And that is just the beginning. The Indians do not take the girls too seriously. They have no intention of letting the girls live and they kill them on sight. When the girls are taken away, the boys and their father, begin to find out what they can about the Indians. The film has a great cast, with a lot of action. I think it is the best looking movie I have seen so far this year. I recommend this movie to all who like good old fashioned Americana.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie with a great performance from Kevin Spacey, and the perfect supporting cast.  I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie, very much worth watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good example of a science fiction film. The story is very well told and there is a lot of action, suspense, and adventure in it.   The movie is good at showing how people's lives can change very rapidly as well as the difficulties that arise when things get out of control. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last half of this movie is pure torture.   It takes a lot of courage to sit through a movie like this and it's even more nerve wracking when the movie doesn't hold your interest and you're not sure if you're even enjoying it.  In my opinion, this movie should be titled "What The Hell Is Wrong With This Guy" and be called "The Biggest Mistake In Hollywood History".   This movie should've been a blockbuster and it has a lot to answer for.  You know how you feel about the ending of any movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like the genre and you like films that involve the mind, the body and the soul, this is a must see.   I liked it so much that I bought the DVD's from the DVD store that is right across from my house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this I was very disappointed, but then I saw it a second time and realized that it's actually a pretty good movie.   It has some good scares and some nice scares but mostly it's a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic story about a group of friends and a small town.  It is so simple and yet so clever that it will get you into the heart of a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Pleasantville" movie is a delightful romp from start to finish.   It has a lot of laughs, a lot more action than it has words, and a lot less cursing.  It's just so good, and so easy to watch, that it will make you laugh and laugh and still laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was totally expecting to be let down by this movie, and yet I was.  It had a lot of promise, and even had a few good scenes.  The ending was pretty damn cool.  And there was a lot more to this movie than just a few decent scenes.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Star Trek" films have a lot of interesting things going on, and they are not always related to the plot, although that is often the case.  As a fan, it is a little bit disappointing to see "The Search For Spock" take so long to be released, but at least it is here, and it is not bad.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was well done, it was good, but it was not great.  It was not a good film to me, it just did not have a lot of surprises, so I did not think that it would be a good one to go to see, but if you like horror, then this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the only good movie that I have seen since The Last Boy Scout.  There is not much that is funny in this movie, but it is a good comedy and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Road to the Winter Palace" is a terrific movie that does not overstay its welcome.  The director, Mike Nichols, had already made a film in the same genre, "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", in which a small, but determined group of citizens try to overthrow the oppressive and incompetent king of a small American town.    This movie, however, is a bit different.  It is much more "American" than that movie, in that it has all the elements of a western (with a touch of Sherlock Holmes), but it is very entertaining, too.  This is a good story, and one that I hope to see repeated often.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best films of the year.     The story takes place in the 1970s, during the Vietnam War.  The main character is a Marine.  After he is wounded, he finds himself on the wrong side of the war and soon starts to be targeted by the Viet Cong.  This is the best movie I've seen this year. I recommend this film to everyone, and if you are a fan of the Vietnam war, you will love this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the first true "bad guy" in the whole movie, the second one is not really bad, it is more of a typical "torture" movie, with a bad guy who is just a guy who likes to kill. This is the story of a man who has a secret, that he is a monster, and that he will kill you if you know the truth. He has a bunch of henchmen who just want to kill people, they are pretty stupid and most of the time, you don't even need to see their faces. The movie is set in the late 1960's and it is a pretty good movie, it has a lot of violence and a lot blood, but it is not a very good movie in general. It is not too good, it does not have great acting or a very interesting story, but at least it is the true bad guy, so at least that is something.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The original ending to the film is a real shocker, and very interesting, as a surprise it is!   There are two ways of looking at this film. One is that it is a typical "filler" in a series, as all of the stories are not as original as the first one. The other way of looking is that we are now seeing how it is possible to make a successful film with such a simple concept.   We begin with a young boy who lives in a farm, with his mother and his father. He has a bad dream about a monster and then he is attacked by a giant pig. We see his father coming home to find that his son has been attacked by the pig. The father is then attacked and his leg is broken. We then see the pig attacking the father, who is being dragged into a pit of spikes. It is at this point that we get to see some of the things that the director has done so well. The way the camera works, the way the music plays, and the way that the story is told are all very well done.      The ending is also a real surprise, as we see the son running out of the farm, leaving the father to the fate of being dragged back into the pit of the spikes. The film is well worth a watch, and I think that this will become a favourite for many people, as it is one of those films which can make you feel the horror, the wonder, and even the hope of life itself.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was never very into the '50s TV show "My Favorite Martian." I've seen all of the specials and all the re-runs. I even tried to write a blog about it a couple of years ago, but all I can come up with is that it's a pretty bad show. So what made me think that I would watch it again? Well, a few friends of mine are all big "Star Trek" fans, and one of them recently showed me an article about a new production that is coming out on the Sci-Fi Channel. The movie is called "The Martian Chronicles," and it stars Tom Hanks. He plays a character named Mark Watney, who has become stranded on Mars after his spaceship is destroyed in an accident. After a long, harsh, and dangerous winter, he's taken care of by the crew of a ship called "Atlantis" (yes, that's a real thing!) The story of the movie begins when Watney's spaceship is being repaired. While they're doing so, he is visited by his fellow crew members, who are also stranded on the planet. It turns out that there is a hostile alien race on Mars, and they are in the habit of eating other human beings. This is a pretty dark premise. So Watney is taken to a place called "Honeydew," where he has to survive against all odds. I really enjoyed this movie, though I'm not sure how much of a story I can take seriously. It's not the most realistic science fiction movie, but it's entertaining. It has a lot of humor and some nice character development, especially for a movie in which a lot is happening at once. It also has a pretty good music score. It is also available on DVD, but I don't have a copy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a problem with "The Big Lebowski". It's a movie that is so bad, it's really good.   The acting is bad, the dialogue is bad. The only thing good about it is that it is a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoy this movie. I was expecting a more serious and serious film with a more mature approach to this story. But that is just what this film is about. It is very funny and very funny. This is definitely one of the funnier films I have seen in a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. I liked it. I had a couple of problems with it. One is the way they portrayed the character of David. The way he acts at times and at times doesn't. It's just a matter of him acting as he should. I know that's going to sound like an insult, but it's not. It doesn't mean I don't like him. It just means I didn't think he was acting that way all the time. I don.t think he should be portrayed as a mean or a jerk. He's just acting like he is. And the acting was good. So, it's all good. The second thing I did have problems with was that it didn't make me feel sorry for the people who were in the plane. I didn`t feel sorry. And I'm not a religious person, but I do feel sorry when people die. I think the movie could have done a better job in showing the people on the plane that they were not the only people in that plane that day. I felt like they had a little more to live for than they really had.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a lot of fun.   And it's a perfect fit for the theme:  The only thing missing in the film is some kind of action sequence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the movie, and it was a lot of fun. I like the plot, and there are some nice and well-done scenes.    I enjoyed this movie a lot. It has some good and funny scenes, some action, and a decent plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this movie, it was during the school year and I was already bored out of my mind. I couldnt figure out how to get out of the car to go to school. I finally realized it when I looked out the window and the sun was coming out, it looked like the sun had come out of hell.   This movie is about the final week of a high school senior's freshman year.  The senior girl gets pregnant by the guy she loves, who she knows is a "bad boy". The senior boy goes to a party and has a good time, and then he sees the same girl at a pool party later, and they have a date.  The senior boy tells her that she should not go to the party, and that he would be at the pool party with his friends.  This is the first time they have been seen together since they started dating.  It turns out that he was at the party to get drunk.  As it turns out, the senior boy has a drug problem, and is addicted to heroin.  He is going to a rehab clinic where the girls from his school are going.  They try to find a place for him, and he ends up at the same house as the senior girl.  She wants to keep him, but he refuses, so he is gone.  At the rehab clinic, he tries to keep his sobriety, but then he finds a needle on the floor, and injects it into himself.  Then he is back at school.  I think the movie gets better as it goes on, but it is a pretty bad movie by today's standards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I never understood the word 'fright' in 'The Devil's Backbone' and I never thought I would again. But in the end, it is a frightening movie with a great performance by John Wayne and an awesome score by Frank Zappa. This is a great movie and one that is not to be missed. I'm going to watch it again."   (review from IMDb)     Review by: Anonymous (Bristol, UK)   This is a very good film, and a movie that will stay with you for a long time. The film does a great job of conveying the tone and feeling of the time, and the way that the story was told makes it all the more enjoyable. It is a bit dark in places, but there are moments when it gets even darker, and there are quite a few scenes which are just superb. John Wayne plays a detective who has a close bond with the family of his murdered partner, and is determined to bring the killer to justice. The cinematography is excellent, and most of the film is in black and white. John Williams does a very effective job of providing the score, and this is a film which deserves to be seen in all its glory. (review from the UK) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just a bunch of good old fashioned cowboy movies.  I love old fashioned movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:        I love it!   It's not a typical superhero movie, it's more of a psychological thriller.   A guy in a mask wants to find his identity, but he doesn't know who he really is.  The action sequences are awesome, and there's a nice, small-town feel to it all.  It also has a lot of humor, and some very unexpected scenes, but it's definitely not for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a good mix of comedy and drama.  It's a nice change of pace from the usual teen angst.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and I enjoyed every minute.  I have not seen a movie quite like this since the good old "The Day The Earth Stood Still" (1951).  As far as the story is concerned, this is a pretty decent movie.    The movie starts out with a nice slow motion shot of the earth.  It is just a simple earth. The movie moves on to the moon.  The moon is the main theme.  There are many scenes in the movie that deal with the moon and its relationship with the earth and with humanity.  One of the best things about this movie is the fact that it is an animation.  This is a big movie with a lot of interesting things to see.  I would highly recommend this movie to all people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie with a wonderful ending.   This film was made in 1958, when the Soviet Union had just opened its borders to the West. The Cold War had begun, and the Western movie industry was making huge amounts of money.  A few years later, Hollywood returned to the Soviet empire, and many of the old movies that had been shot in the Soviet movies were re-cut and remade for American audiences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a fan of the 80's action movies, it's difficult to find an awesome film from that era that doesn't feature one of the most famous action sequences ever created. It's the kind of movie that has the action sequences repeated and expanded upon. The action is intense, fast paced, and entertaining.   For me, it would be more enjoyable to watch the movie as a director's cut. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I'm sure I was the only kid who thought that The Karate Kid was going to be a good action movie, but it turns out to be one of the best films ever made, the best film about a young boy who decides to make a name for himself by becoming a Karate master. In this film, Bruce Lee plays a young Bruce Lee, and he really doesn't look like Bruce Lee. Bruce Lee is played by Lee by the same person who played Bruce Lee in the Karate kid, but instead of the traditional Bruce Lee look, he is a more muscular looking Bruce Lee who looks like a body builder, and Bruce Lee does a great job. The film is based on a comic book and the movie is not about Bruce Lee or martial arts, but about a bunch of kids who want to make it big by joining a Kung fu school.   The film is a fun watch and has a lot of action, and it is a very funny film, as it involves a bunch kids who all have different personalities and are all very funny. The ending is funny too, as you see the characters from the comic book all go to the same school and are friends and then fight each other in the end. It is a great action movie and a great movie about a boy who wants to make his mark in the world, but who also happens to be Bruce Lee."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In my opinion, the best and funniest movie of the decade so far, the comedy of this film is a very good one, and a really good one at that.   It is not really a movie of a man, it is a comedy of a woman, and it's not just a comedy, but a funny one.  The movie is funny from beginning to end, and the dialogue is always funny.  If you like comedy with a touch of romance and heartbreak, this movie will not disappoint you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A funny, moving, and poignant film about a man who tries to help a young woman by finding a job.   It is not an easy film to watch, but it is a worthwhile watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy, and I like to think it has a message: that good and bad go together. There are a lot of funny bits in this movie, but I think the best of all is the scene where they get into a plane. That's when I learned the real value of the "b" word.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, an old movie.  The music is great.    I don't know how it ever gets old, but it does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie at least a dozen times and still it holds up very well, a great comedy.  Helpful if you're looking for a good time:  If you're a fan of the 80s comedy classics you'll find a lot to love in this movie. It's got great performances, great jokes, great performances. It also has great characters and a great soundtrack. It may be a little long, but it's still a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am always impressed with the quality of the acting, particularly in this film.  It was a very emotional and touching story and it was the first film I have seen that made me feel like I belonged to a world that was not my own.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best horror movies ever made. It's not a good horror movie, but it's an absolute classic. It has some flaws (not many, but some), but it is a classic in the best way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am glad to see that some filmmakers are continuing to be able to make a living.  In a world where most filmmakers seem to think that a good film is just a good story and the actors can be replaced at any time, there is still a market for filmmakers who don't play by the rules.  Even if this was not a successful film, it has the charm of a good play, which I enjoy, especially when the actors are so good.  It is a wonderful film that is set in a world of magic, but is not too magical to be real. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I haven't seen this movie in a long time. It was released on VHS, so it's old. But I can't complain about it being old. I'm old, and I like old movies.   It is one of those classic movies that's been around for a while.  It was directed by a guy named David Lynch.  He directed a number of good movies in the 70s.  This is one I would have loved to see in the 1970s. This movie has a great feel to it. The acting is good, and the music is great. It's a little long, but it's a good little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this movie was interesting and thought provoking. I like the way they deal with the subject of the film. They make it interesting and it's worth a watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's about a girl who lives with her mother and father who were killed by a man. After a long time, the girl is released from prison and decides to go to America to find the man who killed her father and her mother.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't recommend this film highly enough, and I can't tell you why.  It's a very odd and often funny film that takes a lot of different approaches to some very strange subjects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I've ever seen, the plot is simple: Two friends decide to go to a movie at a local mall and meet up with a cute girl. One of them is a big dork, the other is a very cute girl who's only interest in life is being a cheerleader.   After about an hour of movie, the movie gets really creepy and dark and you start to see how the two friends will be affected by this.  It really has everything that a good horror movie should have, you really feel like you're there.  There are some scary moments, but I would say that it doesn't come close to the first ones from the 90's.  The movie has a great soundtrack, it's got the right kind of music, not too hard, not to much, not boring, but it's definitely not a bad soundtrack.  This movie is definitely one of the top 5 I've seen in a while, I really recommend it, especially for those who like the 90s style of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie. It's not a good action movie, but it's a good, fun movie.   The characters are all very unique and it's great to see them interact with each other.  If you like the idea of a gang of young thugs getting together to make a little movie, and you like good action scenes, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... The best movie of the year. It's about an average guy who has a normal job and has a routine day: go to the park, go to work, go home. Until one day his day gets weird. He gets called into a strange house. He's asked to take a test to see if he is normal. What's weird is that the test is about being in love with a woman he hasn't seen in ten years. So he does the test, gets a score of ten, but the real test is when he meets his ex. She's a woman with a strange taste in music and a strange way of living. They get together, get married, and live happily ever after. Until the day comes when he gets an e-mail from his ex: "Don't do anything you wouldn't do yourself." What? I think we're done here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining film with a good plot, the movie doesn't waste time and is well-paced. The story of this movie is that the president of the United States, George Bush, who is a big-time poker player, decides to run for the office again. There is a lot of suspense and there are some great lines in the movie: "You know you're no good, aren't you?" "You mean you're a lousy president, George?" "Well, I guess it's not really about you, is it?" The cast is quite good and they are all very nice to watch. It's a fun movie and I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really like this movie.   It has a good ending.  It's got a good plot.  This is a pretty good movie. It's really good, really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie about a great man. The actor is wonderful. It is not about him, but about the fact that he is not a man who goes around telling everyone that his life is a tragedy. No, he is a man that does not know who he is. He is a child who has no idea who he actually is. So he is happy to be in the presence of a woman that he loves. He does not realize it, but the woman is actually his mother. He falls in love with her. This is a love story of two people. The story is about a man trying to find his mother who has been missing for years. The movie is about love. It shows love, not just love, but a love that is so deep that it cannot be expressed. There are moments where the characters say the right things to each other. The main character is so far out of his mind that he can do anything. He can fly. He loves to read. He has a huge vocabulary. He speaks in a strange accent. His friends are crazy. His father has gone insane. He even has a great big dog. And he has a girlfriend. And there is a mother in the movie who has to take care of him. The whole movie is a tale of a man and a woman who have to try to live their lives with each other in the face of overwhelming odds.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film has been compared to the more successful Lord of the Rings. The characters are very good, especially the young Bilbo Baggins. The dwarves are also very interesting, as are the elves and trolls. And then there's the evil ring, which is just the icing on the cake.   There's not a lot of dialogue in the film, but the scenes are worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an old time classic and is probably the best one. The script is simple, the story is interesting, the action is good and the direction is good. The only thing I wish was better was the ending.   I give it a 6 out of 10.   the one thing that I can't stand about the movie is that the hero, played by the famous John Wayne, gets the girl and she goes to the evil wizard and tells him what's going on. But the evil magician, played in this movie by the evil John Wayne himself, has a plan of his own and he doesn't like the hero's plan. So he gets the heroine and he wants to make her his queen.     The ending is just horrible and John Wayne's performance is just pathetic. It's just bad acting. I guess that it's just the story that they were trying to tell. It doesn't work because the hero gets killed at the end. I would have preferred a more realistic ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the movie has a few good jokes. The dialogue was great.   A good movie that made me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very enjoyable film. I've been to this film several times. It has been one of my favorite movies for years.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is very well made and the acting is top notch. It was a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie I was really amazed with how much they were able to convey in a few minutes. It has some very funny scenes and the acting was very well done. The story is not really complicated and it is very simple. It's just a guy who is a bit lost and in a lot of trouble. He has a wife and daughter. He doesn't really get any respect from his family because he doesn't have much in life, he is not the most intelligent person. But he has a lot to offer. He is a very good writer and he has this kind of a funny story and he is a really nice guy and he gets his way around the whole time. He really does his best to try and save his family. And that is what he does. It was just a great movie and I think that the director did a great job with it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good, and it really is a little story about a little girl.   I have been watching this movie every night for a long time, and I've heard the voice of the little girl so many times I've come to know her voice well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found myself totally enjoying this movie.  The story is great.   It's about a man who, after being left to die on a desert island by his ship captain, decides to stay on and find out why he was left behind.  As the story progresses, the plot becomes more and more complex, and as the story gets more complex and we get to see more of the characters, the story really takes off in a very exciting way.  I think the most impressive thing about this movie is the fact that it can have both a very dramatic and very humorous tone at the same time.  It may seem that way at first, but after a while, you will start to realize how the characters are actually trying to live and do normal things.  This is a good thing because it makes the movie more believable.  Although it does get a bit heavy at times, it still manages to be funny at times.  Overall, I think this movie has a lot of potential, and I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't care for the movies from the 1970's. The movies are too formulaic, too similar, too long, too predictable.  The first film is about a couple of guys that are having a problem with their relationship, the second film is an inter-racial relationship between two black men.   The other films are too similar to each other to be anything special.  It was like watching a bad sitcom with the same characters.  The only positive aspect to this series is that the director of the series was the same guy that did the last film.  This was a great movie to watch when it came out, and it still holds up.  I was so excited when I saw the first film. I was like a kid in a candy store!   I would highly recommend this movie to any young people who are in the mood for a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought it was a good film, I liked it very much.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit, I was a little bit hesitant about the movie. I've seen it several times before and I thought it was pretty good. However, this time I didn't see it quite the same way. I had no idea why they needed to show the police at a gunfight! It's the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen in my life. I'm not sure if I am a fan of the movie or not. I liked the original movie so I'll give it another shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really hoping to like this movie more than I did.  The pacing is kind of choppy, especially in the first half.  A lot of action sequences (which I always enjoy, though I have to say that I don't like the ending too much) and some great set pieces, but I just didn't feel like I was going to enjoy this much.    I'm a bit disappointed with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie ever made, from the best actors ever, and with one of the most amazing soundtracks ever.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with good acting and good special effects.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a big fan of John Carpenter. He has produced and directed some of my favorite movies, including the ones mentioned here.   The story is about a family in an isolated house in the middle of nowhere.  The husband is a painter and his wife is a seamstress.  This is one of the best made movies of the 80's.  It's very dark and creepy, but it's also a comedy. It's just a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really like this movie and think it's very funny. It was great to see an "all-girl" show. I'm sure there are other women who could have done the job. I also thought the movie was good, not great. The acting was great. I liked the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The Good:    I love how it manages to get a lot of things right, even if it does have some problems.   One of the best parts of the movie is how it keeps building on the idea of what a good girl could be.  She's kind, and she has a good heart.  This is a great movie, and I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only real problem with this movie is that it's over.  I liked the movie, it was pretty good and there was a nice twist at the end.    If you like a good mystery movie with a good ending you may enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is one of those movies that you will watch once and never forget.   The film begins with the two detectives talking about the crime, their motives and how they solved it. The first detective (played by John Carradine) talks about how they tracked down a person that had left a note with the body of a young woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking forward to this movie ever since it was announced.  The film is actually based on a book by Richard Bach.    I have read it and found it to be a great book.  I'm glad I picked this one up and it will be on my list of "must see" films to come out of summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished this movie and it was a good one. It's funny, with a lot of twists and turns that will keep you hooked. The acting was good, I liked it. I thought the story was a bit convoluted, but that's because it was made in the '60s, so the acting wasn't that great, which makes the film better. I have seen the original film, and it is a good flick. This movie is a little less violent and a little bit more funny. It also has a nice ending.  Rating: 3/5
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first and only real'serious' comedy film made in India is an excellent one. It is funny, touching and entertaining. It's also a very clever and realistic look at the changing nature of society in a city.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fine film about a woman whose life is changed forever after her lover leaves her for a younger man. The story is told from the girl's point of view, but the way the movie is told, the movie has much more impact from a woman's point-of-view than a man's.   I have a few minor complaints about the film.  It's very slow and a bit boring.  In the first half of the movie, the girl is in and out of jail and doesn't seem to have any kind of connection to the men in her life.  The plot is a bit predictable.  There's a big misunderstanding in the beginning about the girl and her lover, which may or may not be the cause of the whole mess.  I don't know if I'd recommend this to anyone who likes romantic films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good, well-written, suspenseful movie that takes place during the summer of 1983.   The movie has a good cast and is enjoyable for the most part.  There are no particularly outstanding performances but the acting is good and the story has a solid foundation.  In my opinion, the best scene in the movie is the one where the couple are arguing and the husband decides to get a gun and he is killed.  It is not very shocking but it is very moving.  This movie is not about the "evil" or the "devil" and it is not a "bad" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that you get to watch this movie with your own eyes is really great. The action scenes are really cool and the plot is really clever.   If you are interested in a good science fiction movie with some great action, then you can't go wrong with this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last half hour of this movie is fantastic. I was impressed with how well the screenplay was written, how much it stuck to the story (it's not a sequel), how well they handled the characters and how the movie played out. The movie was great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was not expecting this one to be as good as it was. It has great music and a story about a young boy and his dad. I did not like the story, I found it too long and boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the best films of the year, and probably the year of the comedy, too. It had everything a good comedy has: a good cast, some good dialogue, a funny lead, and lots of laughs. The ending, which is one of my favorite film endings ever, is a bit silly but it's funny.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film opens with a small boy and his father playing a game called "The Trolley," where the child tries to stop a runaway trolley by pulling a lever and catching the trolley.   This film is a fun, funny, upbeat, colorful, and entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun movie about the adventures of a boy who gets into a fight with his mother and is forced to leave his room to run to a neighbor's house, where he meets a pretty girl named Miss Kitty.  The fight is pretty silly, with both boys trying to throw the other over the wall.  The second half of the film is all about Miss Kitty and the other boys.    This is one of the better shorts I have seen on the Criterion Collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good film.  It does not have the "magic" of a good Harry Potter movie, but it is a lot of fun to watch and the actors do a good job.  The film is a bit on the slow side, but that does not make it less enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this movie over and over again.   The best way to describe it is to say that it is a perfect story, a classic, a tale that was never forgotten.  It has all the elements of the great classic that I loved in movies such as "The Big Sleep," "Alfred Hitchcock Presents," and even in the classic film "My Fair Lady."    But the best part is that it was told by a man with a very clear head, who knew that this story had to be told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A good movie about a guy who wants to be a cop. I've never seen a movie that I wanted to get up in the morning. It was like something I wanted my kids to see when they were little. This is not a bad movie. It's a good comedy about a bad guy. And he makes a lot of good jokes. It is good stuff. "   A good guy who's a bad cop? What a way to end a great movie!   I'm sure you have to be 18 to see this movie. The kid's faces are so childish that you don't want to see them again. It should be illegal to allow a child to be seen in this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a very entertaining movie. It had some pretty good jokes and some pretty bad ones as well. However, it had some really good acting and a lot of great songs to go along with it.   It's a shame this one doesn't get a lot more recognition.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a strong, realistic atmosphere, that reminds me of some of the classic films of the 70s. The character designs and acting are well done, and I like the humor.  The only thing I didn't like about this movie was the "spy" in the film, that is not really a spy, but a character who wants to get into the protagonist's pants.    A good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always loved the movie, and even though I'm a sucker for campy sci fi, this movie is great! The dialogue is cheesy and the special effects are well done, the characters are likeable, and the plot is interesting.  A short movie that I'd definitely recommend, especially to fans of campy, sci fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The second film in a trilogy is pretty darn good. There is plenty of action and enough to satisfy fans of the original.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun romp through the magical world of the Irish. I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a classic!   From the start the movie is very well made.   The director is a master at his craft and I like how the movie takes place in a small town.  A small town in rural Pennsylvania in the year of '96 is a great place to be.  The people are friendly, the kids are cute, the weather is nice, and the movies are fun!  This movie has everything.  I'm so glad I saw this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a really good movie that was funny, intense and even a bit emotional. It was very much a real life adventure and there was even a nice little romance. It also had a very good story and I'm sure that you will not be disappointed with this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie! The story is simple and the ending is good. I highly recommend this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good comedy. The story is told in a way that doesn't feel forced. There are many different things going on in this movie that you won't find in the average comedy. It's very good!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best action movies in the world, with great performances by both Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman.  It was so good that it made me think I'd have to give up watching anything that wasn't a James Bond film by now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is funny and has a great script and direction.   There are some funny scenes like the one where the doctor comes to the hospital where the woman is being treated for her breast cancer. The doctor starts to give her the standard medicine but the woman starts to laugh so hard that the doctor gives up and walks away. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a wonderful little story about a little boy who loves to read and is in trouble at school.  He is put in the library and is asked to read "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer."  And so he does.   It is a story about being a boy in the world.  It's about learning about the world around you.  What is a boy?  What do boys want?  Is Tom a good guy?   What are boys like?  Tom is Tom.  And he is very, very, VERY good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been meaning to watch this movie for some time now.  It's not the best movie I've seen in a long time (that would be The Last King of Scotland, which is not an especially good movie by any means), but it's a good film in the sense that it's really well done.  I can't say I'm particularly fond of this movie, but it is a fun little movie to watch and it makes me laugh a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a good little movie that got me interested in the movie industry and gave me a great time while I watched it.   The movie has some great acting, some good special effects, and it has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know what to say about this movie.  It's a movie that doesn't really give a crap about itself.  There are a few decent sequences, but nothing that will stand the test of time.  It's an hour and forty minutes of uninspired storytelling and nothing else.  I would recommend it to people who want a good old fashioned cowboy movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an oldie, but a goodie. This is the original, first of the "Laser Cats" movies, and it does a great job of setting up the story. It's a very silly little flick, with some great jokes and good characters, including the main hero. I don't have much to say about the plot, since it's been done so many times that it's not that interesting. It does, however, have a lot of good special effects and good animation.  There are a few scenes that don't work, but overall, I would say that this is a pretty good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good, but very strange movie. The main characters are two very normal men who are forced to become vampires, in the middle of the day.   The plot is interesting, but it's hard to figure out who is trying to kill whom. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:        The movie is based on the real life of "Gandhi", a true hero who died in 1869 in a duel with a British Army officer named William Gough.   Gandhi was a man of high integrity and a man who did a lot of good deeds. He was a great statesman and a great moralist.  This movie has a very interesting plot that keeps you entertained for quite some time.  There are a lot scenes that make you feel very nostalgic about Gandhi.  The story is very interesting and I have seen it many times before.  In the end it is sad that this movie is not much known in the States and probably won't be seen by many Americans.  It was a very sad story of a man whose life was cut short by the greed and ambition of his fellow man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure why I like this movie so much. It has its moments of great comedy, but I never got into it.   It is about a group of people, a "factory" or a "shaft," and they are building a bridge across a river. One day a girl walks in with a large bag of cement. As she's going to put it down, she sees the big guy's truck behind her, and her head starts to swim, and she wants to go over to the truck, and there's a guy there who is not afraid to get her wet. But, as she walks over to him, he says, "Let me see you," and takes her under his arm and pulls her under the bridge.  The movie was so bad I was hoping for a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think this movie is a must see for fans of the Alien series.    The movie is set in a near future where the aliens have developed a way of transporting themselves to other planets without the need for human bodies.  I love this movie.  It is so good.  The action is awesome.  This is a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A beautiful movie about a boy who is raised in a poor family, but grows up to become a good guy.  I saw this movie a while ago on VHS.   It is a beautiful film about a small village, the main character, who goes to the city, but gets a bad taste of the things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I can't stop watching" I've been reading a lot about how to be a good writer in the past couple of years, and a lot of it seems to revolve around a few key elements: First, don't just sit there writing words on the page, let the words come to you. It's the act of coming to you that makes them true. Second, write something you're passionate about. The more I write the more I'm reminded of how much I love the written word. I also know that if I do it well, I'm going to have to write a lot more. The best thing I've ever written is probably a little piece of poetry I wrote a couple years ago about a friend of mine who was in a car accident.   It's about two friends who are trying to figure out what to do about it. One of the friends has a hard time understanding why the other friend is so happy. One friend gets upset because she thinks her friend's happiness is a selfish act.  There's a lot to like about this one, though, like the subtle humor, the fact that it's really just about two girls who are getting a little hurt, and the fact I get a good chuckle out of it. I do wish it was a little longer though, it could really have used a few more scenes like that one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself was very good. The story is really interesting, especially because it was done in a semi-mythological fashion, as if the people of the time were still in the dark ages and had forgotten the modern world. The movie had a great cast that did a great job. I don't have a lot of time to go into the characters of the movie, but the main character is very interesting and he had some very interesting scenes, although I did not really like him all that much. The girl was pretty cool too. The other people who are involved in the story, like the old people, the priest, the other girl and even the boy are all interesting characters. The film is very good, but I have not seen any other of the movies by this director before, so I don`t know what to expect, but that should not be a problem, because this movie was very entertaining, so it shouldn`t be a surprise if this movie does not get a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was quite skeptical about this movie but it was so good that I bought the DVD.   My husband and I were able to see it at a local theater which is a huge plus.  This is a very good film.  It is very different from the other films that were on the shelf at our local theater.  The story is interesting and the acting is excellent.  I am not one to go for the old action type films but this is a nice change.  I also thought it was interesting that the characters and their families were based on the families of the soldiers who were killed in the Vietnam War. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit, I was expecting this to be a more interesting version of A Clockwork Orange (not that it was a great film, but it did give me an opportunity to check out the other side of the same coin and I enjoyed the story quite a bit).  The story was fairly basic and didn't offer any surprises (although it did offer an interesting twist in the last act), but it didn't seem to take itself too seriously either, making it a nice little film to have in the collection.  If you enjoy watching people doing ridiculous things, this is a good one to add to your collection.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little while ago I made a comment about the movie, that I think it could have been a bit more serious and less comic and a bit less silly and the comment was partly true: the movie was more serious than it had to be, but not by much. There is still plenty of silliness, and there are still funny scenes, and the jokes are often very good. But the movie is not all that serious.   The movie opens with a series of very funny scenes about a bad-ass who has got a good, good, bad-mannered wife and an equally bad-assed father. It is a very good-hearted comedy and there is a lot of laughter at the expense of the bad-asses. But, in the end, it is the mother-in-law who comes out as the bad man.  A bad-mouthed mother- in-law!   So the father-in law turns out to be a pretty bad man and he is really quite silly, he is rather a bit of a bully. But his wife is rather good-natured. I like the movie very much and I think that it is a funny movie, with a rather good story and good laughs, but I am not sure that the movie could have done with a little more seriousness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good horror movie with a twist. I had never heard of the book before, and it was the first book I ever read. I loved it, and would recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I just saw the funniest, most hilarious and hilarious movie I've ever seen!  So funny and hilarious!  This is the best movie about a guy who gets a job as a garbage collector.   A guy who's always been kind of a nerd is fired and gets a garbage job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A wonderful story about a man whose life is turned upside down after being shot by a sniper. He becomes the property of the police. His father is a war hero who was killed in Vietnam. It is not until he returns to his small New England town that he finds out that his father was not a hero.   It is a good film that tells a story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad this movie isn't a straight rip-off of the 1984 movie.  The acting is good.   It's not quite the same as the movie, but it's close enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well acted, well written and well directed movie. I would have liked to see more action, but I guess that would be more realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title of the film is taken from the song of the same name, and is sung by the same voice actor (who also plays the part of the narrator) and is very well sung. The music is very simple, and a lot of the times there's a lot going on that I don't care about, but I do like the lyrics. This is one of those films that are not very memorable. The best part about it is the film's director, and the one thing that I really like about his work is that he's a really good writer. It's funny and fun and the ending is very good as well.   This is a film that is great for a few laughs and the occasional tear-jerker. It also has some very good acting and a good plot. It does a great job of showing what people are like at the end of the day. I really think that it's a very good movie. I can't say that it is a great movie, but it's definitely good. I would recommend this film to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie.   It is a good story that has a lot of humor in it.  It reminds me of the good old "Rugrats" and is a bit more of a comedy than a kids show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was born in '83. This is a good little movie that tells a story about a woman who wants to become a supermodel.   It's got a good script that's not overly complicated.  It was fun watching her go from being a pretty girl to a super model. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot is very well written and it has many twists and turns. The action scenes are awesome and I love the music too!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are a fan of the great genre of the "Grimdark" movies, like "Dawn of the Dead" or "The Evil Dead", then this movie is a must see. If you have not seen these movies then this is a great movie to see. The story is very different from the first movie, but the characters are very likable. The movie is good enough to make you think about your life a little bit more. If the movie wasn't so good, I wouldn't have to write a review about it. I recommend this movie to all genre fans.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie and it's a good one too!  A good mystery with some great performances by all the leads.  The ending was not what I was expecting and not for the reason I expected.    That's a whole other story though!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I can say enough about this movie.  The story is so incredibly unique and unique that I am amazed every time I watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this film so many times. I always enjoy it.   It's an amazing movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was directed by David Cronenberg. Cronenberg is an extremely talented director, whose filmography is vast. It is difficult to pick a favorite Cronenberg film, but I have to say "The Brood" is the best.   My Rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, and I am a sucker for horror. The movie starts out with an interesting idea: a family goes to a cemetery and has an experience that they will never forget. It is very interesting, even though it may not be that scary at first. It's a horror movie about the afterlife, and that is a good idea to have in your film. There is a very creepy scene where the boy is sitting in a chair, looking into a mirror. The mirror shows his reflection, and it looks like he's staring right back at the mirror. I thought it was very interesting. Then he goes into the tomb, and then a very disturbing scene where he has a vision of the past. There was some very creepy music that played over the tomb during the scenes that were disturbing, but not scary.   But then we have the ending, which is very disturbing, and very intense. It makes me cry a little. It was one of the most intense and scary ending I have seen, and not for the reason that you might think. I was very sad that this movie ended with the death of the boy, and my tears were streaming down my face for a few minutes. I don't think it was because of the death, but more because of how it ended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie for sure.   The film is about a scientist who is trying to make a breakthrough in the fields of genetics and biology and the scientist ends up being very successful in doing so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see what a bad movie can look like, look no further than this.  I'm sure many of you have seen this before, but it's worth re-watching just to see the bad actor who plays the bad character go through the motions.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really loved this movie and it really had the feel of a old time movie with a little bit of science fiction thrown in.  It's a great movie and I hope that you enjoy it too!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. I can't believe it. The best thing about this movie is that it is one of those movies that people are talking about on the internet. It's funny, but it's also sad. The movie was shot in a small town in Oregon. It was made in about a year or so, and I guess they had a small budget for the film. I'm pretty sure it is a remake of the old "Gone in Sixty Seconds" movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   The fact that a story based on a true event is able to evoke such feelings in the viewer is a great tribute to the power of a great story and the ability of the director, Roger Corman, to capture it.      While there is no denying that it is a dark movie, Corman does not over-dramatize it. Instead, he uses the natural setting of a rural Pennsylvania town to show how much evil and violence are inherent in the heart of the town. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like The Shining then you'll like this movie.  The movie is based on the novel by Stephen King and features the likes of Jack Nicholson and John Lithgow.  I am not a huge fan of Jack and John's characters, but they play well together.   I also liked the setting of the film.  The house is creepy and has a dark atmosphere.  I was also intrigued by the use of old film cameras in the film as it did remind me of a few films I have seen, like The Wicker Man and The Exorcist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very enjoyable film with great animation, the story is pretty simple and well explained. The story has a very good balance between comedy and drama, which makes this film more enjoyable to watch.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a very sad and angry man who has a bad reputation for violence. It is not a good film and it is sad and violent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was so simple yet so very effective in the way it used comedy and romance to tell a great story. The romance is not cheesy like so many romances these days. It is sweet and very real.  In fact, I was hoping for a movie with a girl who didn't cry for the entire movie, but instead laughed and smiled.   The plot is simple. A group of friends go on a trip to a remote cabin and the story revolves around their interaction with the cabin.  The movie takes a while to get to this point. It feels like a journey of a lifetime.  This movie is also very funny. It has lots of good acting.  And the ending was great!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good little movie that's great to watch!   If you're looking for a movie about a guy who's trying to keep his love life going while being in the military, this is it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A good, honest, humorous and funny movie about a man who takes a job as a road worker for the New York City Transit Authority. He goes to work every day in the dark and in the rain. He doesn't know what to do with himself when he gets home and he is constantly depressed by his lack of accomplishment.   I think this is one of those movies that people will like and that they will laugh at. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of fun. This is a good time at the movies.   - February 3, 2005Very good
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My dad, a veteran of the Korean War and Vietnam, told me about a guy named Haejin (played by Lee Joon-Ho) and his gang of gangsters who are robbing banks in Seoul. They rob banks, then shoot up the banks. Then they rob another bank. They do this every time they rob a bank. Eventually, a police captain (Seung-Won) shows up, and they start running away. The captain asks Hae-jin to get in his car, which is parked nearby. So, HaeJin and the other criminals start to race around Seoul, trying to get away from the police. The cops catch up to them and fire their guns, but Hae Joon gets away. I'd like to see more movies like this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real treat! It has great music, great acting, and a great plot. I am not sure how this movie will ever be released. I have seen a few movies in the past and I think I will enjoy this one even more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard that the movie is a "Babylon 5: The Movie" rip-off. I've never been a big fan of Babylon 5. I do like that the show had some good moments, but overall it's a really bad show. But I guess the bad parts are better than the good parts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is good and so is its cast, but I really wanted to like it more. The plot is very good and the film has some good acting from all the actors and even though it was just a movie I was quite impressed. I also liked the story behind the movie and it is about an old man who has been living alone and his dog. He meets an old woman who asks him to help her in a job she has just taken.  The plot was pretty simple, but it kept me guessing the whole time.  I did like the story and the acting was good.    I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a blast from the get go. I am a huge fan of the Alien series and this was no exception. I loved the little alien who is really funny.  The story line was great too.  The movie starts off with the crew of the Nostromo (the spaceship that was supposed to land in the middle of the desert) coming upon an old space station with a bunch of derelict spaceships.  The first thing that struck me about the movie was the use of the "D" word.   This movie was like a mixture of Alien, Star Wars, and E.T.     I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a good example of how the movie industry in Hollywood can be corrupted and manipulated.  One could argue that it is a case of bad guys who are the studio executives, and the rest of the cast are the victims of their greed and venality.    The movie also makes a good case for why the film industry is not a very good industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A dark and gritty comedy set in a New York slum of the 1920's. A woman named Dorothy (Elizabeth Taylor) is a junkie and drug addict living with her mother and father in the sweltering, dirty and crime ridden East Village neighborhood. Dorothy finds a job cleaning up a trashy, back-alley office of a wealthy but incompetent lawyer named Louis (Christopher Plummer). Dorothy takes up the job reluctantly and begins to feel the strain of her work, but the job is a godsend as it is the only job she can find that is clean and cleanly. After an accident in the office, Louis learns of Dorothy's condition and is determined to make sure that she is treated for her disease. He sends a man (Tom Hagen) to retrieve Dorothy from the hospital. After the man is attacked by a group of homeless men, Louis goes in search of the thugs and learns that the men are a gang of drug addicts who have a huge stash of stolen narcotics. Louis brings in the men's leader (Michael O'Keefe), who explains to Louis that the gang are being protected by an older, corrupt official who has allowed the gang to remain in the city. Louis meets the gang in a seedy hotel room where they are preparing to rob a jewelry store. As they are about to go into the store, they are interrupted by a fire alarm. As the fire is extinguished, the men return and begin to rob the jewelry store, but they are discovered by a police officer and taken into custody. The men's older leader has also been arrested and is taken to jail. Louis returns to Dorothy to tell her about his arrest and about the upcoming trial of the gang, and then takes her to see the doctor to have her examined. The doctor tells Dorothy that she has been suffering from a malignant tumor on her left side. This cancer is not treatable, and if it is not cured soon, it will kill her. Dorothy and Louis are both worried about her, but are relieved to hear that she will soon be well.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw the film "A Christmas Carol" at the New Beverly Cinema in Hollywood a few years ago.  It was a lovely, funny, and sad film.    I enjoyed the movie, and I would recommend it to anyone who has enjoyed a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was an okay movie, but it's the type of movie I wouldn't expect to see at all. It's a story of a guy, who's looking for his son and goes to the place of the disappearance. He meets a couple who claim to be a couple, who are the mother and father of the missing boy. It was very well done, and I didn't expect that from a movie of this type.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was great. It was a fun and exciting ride. It had a great cast and really took the cake with the best scene in the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have no problem with the ending; it's an enjoyable one. I do have a problem with that the "mood" of the movie is so dark and dreary. It was kind of funny when I saw it, I mean it's funny and has some of the best lines in the movie. I just don't know how it's supposed to end. It doesn't seem to fit in with the rest of the film. The "mixed feelings" and "hope" at the end are too little, too late.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a kid, the movie version of The Wizard of Oz came out and was a lot of fun. It was not very good, but I'm glad that someone like Paul Reubens was given the chance to play the bad guy, because I think the movie is better than the book. I'm a big fan of this movie and I think it's great that we have this opportunity to enjoy this classic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie, but not a good film at all. The story is very simple: a group of friends go out to a baseball game to watch the game and get a little drunk, the whole time the players on the field are looking down at them with a very nasty look on their faces. The baseball team wins and they all leave the stadium together. But then they are all sitting in the car, and the driver starts to talk about the team and how they are going to make it to the playoffs and blah blah blah. It gets better and worse, with the player in the movie looking down on the other players and laughing. Then the movie cuts to a black screen and they see the players and the manager (the manager is the black guy) going into a room together. The manager has the black player stand on his right arm and the black players are standing on his left arm. They are talking, the manager is making jokes, the players are laughing, and there is a little TV showing the game going on, so they all watch it and it ends with a bang. There are two endings to the movie: one where the player gets killed and the other where he doesn't, and I would love to have seen the player get killed. It would have been more interesting to see how the player felt about the whole situation. Overall this movie was very short and not very good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film that has its share of action, but most of it is done in a realistic, non-supernatural way that gives the movie a unique feel. The film was shot in a period setting with realistic costumes, the actors were well cast, the cinematography was excellent and the music was quite beautiful. The story follows a young girl who is visiting her family in the old country. She goes to the house and is shocked to see that it is not really old at all. The daughter and the father are still very young, but they seem very well taken care of. It is only a matter of time before they begin to age. She becomes worried because they seem to be getting older rapidly. Written by Anonymous
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was pretty good, though I didn't feel like I got any more out of it than I already had.  I mean, it's pretty easy to get some great action and some good acting.  I don't know why I'm writing this, but I've had to write this review, because the first half of the movie is so well done and well acted, that I couldn't help but love it.    I'm not sure what the story was about, but it felt like a little adventure movie about a girl who goes into a bar to get her car, only to find out it's owned by a crazy lady who wants to sell it, so she decides to go find a way to get the car out of there.  I know that's probably not what the movie was about.  There was also a nice little girl that was introduced to the story and who had a great little part in the movie.  And then at the end, the main character goes into the bar to try to buy the car, but the guy he's with (the owner) doesn't want it. Then, the owner makes a bet that if she can outsmart the owner and get the keys back, she can keep the car.    I'm just so glad that I had the opportunity to watch this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good old Western. The actors are good and the setting is really well put together. The setting is good enough to not be boring. The characters are all believable and the plot has a nice twist at the end that you won't see coming. I don't like the music of the movie. The opening music is good but the ending song is too long.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good one. There's a lot of good action and it is well directed. I also liked that it was set in the '80s.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good horror movies, you will like this. It is a nice little story about a family that moves to a new town. It gets to know everyone pretty well and has some fun. I liked it, but not for the same reasons I liked some of the other movies in this section. It was a good little romp.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a fan of the Harry Potter series. I was a big fan of Harry Potter in the first film. But this is so much better. I loved Harry and Hermione. The story was so good. The music was also very good. I would have loved to see the other characters in this movie. I just hope that they are added in the next film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie! I really liked the idea of a guy who's just been fired from his job and doesn't really know what to do next. He meets up with a woman named Amy (played by my daughter) who's a teacher and has a special ability to give students an edge over their peers. He's a lot of fun to watch and his stories about Amy and the students are a lot more entertaining than those of the other kids he meets in school. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can see where they got some of their ideas from.  The movie was pretty good and I loved it.    It's not my favourite movie of all time but it's a pretty good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was really looking forward to this movie but it was a disappointment because the story is really bad and the actors are so bad that it made me laugh like crazy. The movie was very boring.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was made during the Great Depression and it was a great time for it. I think this movie is very underrated. The acting is great and the story line is great. I liked the song "I Know You're a Bad Man" so much, it was my favorite part of the movie. I thought it was great to see the film made in this time. It was a real feel good movie.  My favorite movie of the year so far. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a classic movie about the American Dream, but this movie is not so much about the story as about the emotions and the feelings that are expressed. I loved this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a man (Bryce Dallas Howard) who's having problems with a woman who's (Maggie Grace) not very good at her job.  He has a daughter (Kerry Washington) who he's trying to be a better father to, while the other daughter (Jessica Lange) is doing very well in school and has an older sister (Laura Dern).  We learn that the wife of the other woman (Katherine Heigl) has a drug problem and is on parole.   I guess I didn't think this was a movie that was about good relationships.  A good movie about good people:    The movie was well written.    I'm glad to see that he hasn't been making these kind of movies for a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny and entertaining movie, a good laugh for all. One of the greats.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has a very simple story line, and it's one of the most enjoyable I've seen in a long time. There's a great deal of comedy in this movie, a great number of different actors, and a great cast of supporting characters. It's also very well produced, with some wonderful special effects. It is also quite well acted, and the ending is quite moving.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought the movie was a lot of fun. I liked that it was different and was a good story about a bunch of people that wanted to kill each other.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie and I loved the character of the girl in it. I didn't know much about her but when she starts telling me her story I found it interesting.  She started by telling me how her mother was a drug addict and she was born in a poor family and she always wanted to make something of her life.  she found out about a job in an old factory that was owned by a rich family.  She was going to be a cook and she worked for the family for a couple of months until they realized she was better suited to be in a factory.  When she finished her time there she found a job at a factory that employed some of the workers who she had worked with earlier in the day.  It was her first job, she was surprised how good she was at it and she found it to be fun.  I'm not sure why they did it this way but it worked out well.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last film I saw with the great Kevin Spacey was The Usual Suspects.  I've seen the original four films in a row and enjoyed them.    The Usher had a much stronger plot than the others, but he did a good job in that.  The best part of the movie was the acting.  I really enjoyed how they all portrayed their characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and can't wait for the sequel. This movie is a fantastic blend of sci-fi and comedy and will probably get more recognition than it deserves.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't think it was possible to be a better adaptation of a novel than the classic, but in this case the adaptation is actually better than the novel.  The story is not about an ordinary family but a family of aristocrats who are on the run from their evil aunt.        The film is very entertaining and I found myself laughing out loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself is a bit hard to get into, but if you give it a chance it is a great adventure story.   It's not exactly a "sci-fi" movie (though I do think the special effects are pretty cool), but it does do some cool things and is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a good film, it is not as good as The Matrix but it has a good plot, it has many great scenes and a good story.   I really liked the fact that there was a little scene with the android that showed him with the mask, he had a really cool looking mask.  ,
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm always amazed by how many people enjoy this movie.   One of the few movies where the actors are all good and funny.  It has an odd, almost surreal quality about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of a group of high school friends who are forced to come together for a summer camp in the middle of a desert. It's a very funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was actually pretty good. It had a very good sense of humor, a very strong story, and some very good performances by the actors. It was also an extremely enjoyable movie. I'd definitely recommend this to a few friends.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - May 18, 2006A good movie!  Reviewer: The Old Time - favorite favorite favorite - February 4, 2006  Subject: Good old movie This was my first introduction to this kind of film. I remember it being a fun, but dry, little film. But I think it still holds up well today. I don't know if they were trying to get a laugh, or what. But there's something about the music and the "songs" that makes it a fun movie. It's a good, good movie, but not really a comedy. It doesn't have much humor to it, and it's mostly set in the old west. It does give you a nice little look at a small town in a little western town, and the people there. It is a good little movie, and I'd give it four stars. It had some fun moments, and there were some good songs, but it is still a good western, and that is what you'll find in a lot of these old westerns. - February the 4th, 2006Good old movie  This movie had the same feeling of the great westerns of the olden days. A small town, a cowboy, a song, a good story. If I had only one movie to show you, this would be it. - January 19, 2006This movie has a lot to offer  by the way...this was my last movie and the last one I'll ever watch...  I'd give this movie a 10, but I like the way the sound is handled in this film. It feels like a different time. - November 3, 2005I liked it  favorite favorite favorite  Great movie, even if it is a little old. The characters are a little stereotypical, but they are very funny. The music is good and the dialogue is pretty good too. I can't give it a great rating because I haven't seen any of the later ones that were made. This is a classic that should be in your collection. - October 17, 2005Great movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:        I like this movie. It's not a great movie, but it is entertaining and very well-made. I also like the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a nutshell: A bunch of strangers are forced to live together in a hotel, but they are not happy about it. Written by Nick Riganas <rnigaf@sbcglobal.net>
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I can't say I was not expecting to be impressed by the quality of this movie.    This movie is not like anything I have seen before.  This is a very well made, well directed, well acted, well written, well animated movie.     If you haven't seen a movie like this, then I don't know what to tell you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm going to say this one's a winner: it's very funny, and very clever.   The first half is a sort of "how to make a killer" movie.  There are several clues about how to kill a human being.  In one, the murderer is a little boy (played by a young Robert De Niro).  In another, he's an old man.  This one's very good.  It's a very clever film, and it's also a bit like a cross between a "Jaws" movie and a "Pulp Fiction" movie: the killer and the victims are both victims of their own actions. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A really cool movie with an interesting story.   This movie has everything that makes a good thriller. It has the right mix of action, suspense, mystery, and even romance.  It has a great ending, and the end of it is the most satisfying I have ever seen.  This is one of the best thrillers I have seen.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's something in the air in this movie that's really making me enjoy it. The way that the characters speak to each other and the way that they act, it's a joy to watch.  In the end, this is a really good movie, that's why I enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie you watch over and over again. The plot is a simple, yet highly entertaining one: a former war criminal is brought back to prison. The only problem is that this man has lost all his memory, he remembers very little of his life. It is very difficult to keep the viewer interested. The acting is top-notch, with an excellent performance by James Mason. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The most entertaining and most important movie about the Armenian genocide.    This film is so sad and it was such a long time ago.  "If you want to know about the genocide of Armenians and about genocide in general... watch this film."   A must watch movie about a tragedy that has haunted mankind for so long and continues to this day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, touching, moving story that will stay with you for a long time.  You might not have to change your life.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie is a bit misleading.  It's not really a movie about an abandoned school.  The movie's a story about two boys who are friends, who happen to be the same age.  They're on the run from a school they hate.  There is a nice twist in this movie, where one of the boys, David, finds out about the other boy's father.  It is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've only seen the first act of this movie. But I was impressed. This is one of the better horror films I've seen. It's just a good, scary, scary movie. It has a little of everything that I like about horror. It just has enough gore and suspense to keep you guessing and intrigued. I'm looking forward to seeing the second act. I can't wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those films that is "too good to be true." This is not a movie for the faint of heart. It is violent and graphic and very, very funny. It's not a good film for children. It may not be a great film for adults either. But, there are plenty of funny moments in this film that make it a good one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one. It is about a very powerful man (not a hero) who is about to take his last breath. He is in his room and he sees that a beautiful girl has passed away. He starts to cry and tells his wife what happened. She then leaves and comes back later and asks him to come to bed with her and tell her about what happened when he gets better.  This movie is about the man's love for his wife. He tries to help her get better. They have a wonderful time together. It really made me think about the life of this man and his wife and how much love there was in the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a really good movie. I enjoyed it a lot and think it is a very good movie that will not get old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is nothing in this movie that is not expected. It is about a man who goes to war, but does not win. He is not even happy about it. He has a wife and children, and he has spent most of his life working on the farm. This is not a good film. There is a good ending but there are still a lot of unanswered questions. I liked it, but I would not recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a classic. The film has a few flaws in it, but none that ruin the film for me. The music is great and the acting is very good. The ending is just right. I would recommend this film to anyone who is a fan of the old time radio show. It has a great story, and a great ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first time I saw this I thought it was just another 'cute' animated movie about a girl who has a crush on a girl, and a boy who wants to be a big boy, but when the 'boys' get involved they find out the 'girls' can be as nasty as they want! The movie is pretty good, and I was really excited to see it. I would like to see the original animated movie, but I didn't really get into it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a great homage to the original.   It's an action packed film that I've never seen a bad thing in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so nervous to watch this movie that I almost didn't show up.  The movie starts with a scene from a previous movie that is very much like this one.  I would have liked to see a more detailed description of what happened in the previous movie.  The plot is very simple:    A group of young people find a man who has a mysterious past and are able to get him to give up the secret he has.   In the end, the group must make a choice to either save him or sacrifice him.  It's a good little movie that has a good message about the importance of personal relationships and friendship.  This movie is very short and the ending is so unexpected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is great. It is a perfect movie for all ages. It has everything that a movie needs. It's funny, it's fun, it has a love story, it is funny, and it has great characters. I would definitely recommend this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good example of the way the movie industry works, in a very traditional, old-fashioned way: we have a group of people who are just trying to survive in a post-apocalyptic world. There is not a whole lot of action or action set pieces, but I enjoyed it because it reminded me of the old time Westerns I grew up with. It was kind of a "what if" story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie. A very good movie with lots of fun.   I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a very nice movie, and the best of the three. It wasn't quite as good as the first two, but still a very good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Funny as hell." A few years ago I saw this film at a small theater in a small town in Pennsylvania. The movie is funny as hell and very well done.  The main character of the movie is named Ed and he is a very funny guy.  I liked the story and I liked the music as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm very happy to be able to share a new work with my readers.   The film is based on a novel by the French writer Andre Breton.  It is about a man who is going to be sent to the island of Saint-Germain-des-Prés to investigate a terrible crime.  He is called to the scene by a priest who has witnessed a young man's execution, and when he arrives at the prison a murderer has already escaped.  The priest is able to get a confession out of the man who committed the murder and a terrible thing is revealed: the young man was not a murderer, but a victim of a madman.  So the story goes that the man was an innocent child, and that the madman was the man's father.  A great deal of time has been taken up by the writer in writing the script, and I hope that we are not too soon in the future for him to write a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A pretty good movie. It does a great job of creating tension as it tells the story of a couple that is just about to have a child, but then, tragedy strikes and their life is turned upside down.   I thought this was a very good movie with some great actors, great sets and some good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a little bit of a mystery, what happened to the boy who is a half-brother of the main character? He was killed in a very strange way: he fell into a well (a pool, actually), and was found not to be dead. The authorities investigated and found a man with a rope tied to his ankles, and a rope around his neck. He also had a bag with some sort of powder and a small fire burning nearby. This man was identified as a drifter and was released because the police found nothing suspicious about his death. The boy was found to be alive, and the father of the dead boy came to the police with some information. The man had told him that he was a thief, and had been going to steal some gold coins, which were stored in a safe. They were all there when he went to the well, and they were all gone when he fell in. There were also some papers, which he had written about what he was doing, and what he had seen. He had said that he had been on a ship, and he had a lot of gold coins in a chest. When the man was questioned about the gold coins he was able to get them out of the safe, but he had only one or two left. He gave the man the money, and told him to go home. He said to take the papers to the bank to get a receipt for them. The bank was a little village near the well. The son of the man who was arrested said that the gold was very old, and that the coins were very small, which meant that they were probably very old coins. He added that he knew a good-looking fellow who had a chest of gold in a store, and who would sell him something of the coins. I guess I don't have to tell you that this is a good idea. It was the man's first time in the underworld, and it may have been a bad idea. The film is rather slow and it takes a long time for the police to figure out what happened. I do not know how it was that the boy survived, and I doubt that he did so by virtue of being a boy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie!  One of the best that I've seen, and it's still not over.  It's the perfect movie to have at a movie night with a good crowd, or on a Sunday morning watching with your kid when you're bored out of your mind.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most underrated films ever made.   This is a movie that I have not seen yet.  It is a very interesting movie and one that I hope I get to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not a big fan of action movies, but this one has a nice mixture of fast-paced, brutal and brutal action. It's one of the more entertaining action movies I've seen recently.   The plot involves a mysterious force of darkness that has taken over the city of New York. The main character (who can't even be called a character) is a private detective who is out on his own when a group of young gangsters attacks him and his girlfriend. The detective must fight the gangsters to the death to save his girlfriend and himself from the evil force.   in the course of the movie, the detective gets his girlfriend's body back and also has to stop the gangster from killing a man that was a friend of his. The ending is a little over the top, but it's not bad.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is about the love between a woman and her best friend. She is a girl who is very shy, but is very intelligent and has a good sense of humor. The film takes place in the early 1900s, when the two friends are both in their mid-teens and are friends with their parents. This movie shows the friendship and the life of these friends. I really liked this movie, especially for its love story and its beautiful music. I will definitely be going to see this movie again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie very much. It was well-acted, and was a good and fun movie. I liked the way that the story was told. The acting was very good, and I was pleased with the music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! It was a very good movie that kept me interested throughout and it made me laugh out loud more times than I can count. This movie does not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think you will be able to put into words just how much fun this movie is.   It has a really simple premise.  There is a movie theater in a small town in which a man is being forced to play a bad guy.  He doesn't want to play the bad guy because he is a good guy. The bad guy is a murderer and he is being held in a dungeon.  The good guy has to play this bad guy in order to save his wife.  It's a very simple premise but the movie pulls it off so well.  This is an old fashioned movie but it works and it is fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't realize until I was done with the film that it was a remake of a Japanese film, which had an extremely similar plot to this film, but without the comedy. It's a great movie that I highly recommend. The soundtrack is also very good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the greatest films I have ever seen, and it's not even a remake!   If you have never seen the movie, you must see it immediately. It is so well done, it is so exciting, it's so funny, and there are so many twists and turns to the story.   This movie is a must see, especially if you love to watch action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was a fun little flick that was a lot of fun to watch, especially for a child.    The movie has a lot more laughs and a lot less blood than the movie I grew up with, but it is a very good movie that I can watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a great work of art. I am sure there are a few movie fans out there who will enjoy it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a pretty good movie.  I don't really know why it is so popular, but the characters are all so likable.  This movie had a great ending!   I enjoyed this movie a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the greatest comedies ever made!   A must-have movie for any film buff.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen this movie for quite a while, and I have to admit that I missed it a bit.  This is a fairly old movie, and it seems that a lot of people don't seem to be fond of it, even those who liked it.  The story is fairly simple.    A group of scientists discover an ancient artifact that is a sort of cross between a spaceship and a UFO.  And this thing is not a simple object.  I mean, the aliens themselves are in the object, which seems to be a giant sphere.  Then, some sort of accident occurs and the entire thing crashes to Earth, and the creatures that crash are quite different from anything the humans know.  This movie is all about the aliens and their way of life.  They have been around for a long time, and apparently they are still here.  In fact, we find out that they have been here for a very long time.  If you've ever been to the bottom of the ocean, you'll probably have a similar feeling about the creatures in this movie.  It is really a very interesting movie, especially if you can get a hold of a VHS copy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:        The first time I saw this movie I was in a bit of a hurry, but after the third time I watched it again I found myself quite impressed.   This movie was a bit different from the usual.  The story is set in the future, so there is no computer use, no super-intelligent super-beings and so on.  Instead there is a planet with a population of humanoids who live in pods.  Each pod is self-sufficient and the pods need no food, water or air, but must be constantly supplied with oxygen.  There is a huge amount of space on the planet and a few humanoids live on the surface.  One of the humanoids is a boy who lives in a pod with a robot who is a friend.  When the boy starts to get a bit sick he is brought to a doctor who works on a robot.  I think this movie is the first film to feature a cyborg, so you might be surprised by the appearance of the doctor.  He is an excellent example of a robot and it is obvious that he is not human.  You see him using all sorts of equipment, but there is something wrong with his brain, or more accurately his head.  This might be a little disturbing to some, but this is how life is.  It seems that a virus has infected the planet.  Some of the pod-people have been infected, but the virus is not going to kill them.  In the movie there is quite a bit about the robot and the boy.  Robot (the character) is the only character in the movie who doesn't have any lines, and even when the boy is sick he doesn't say much.  As I said, the movie is set 50 years in the past, so we don't see much technology in this film.  But the movie does show a lot about the planet's environment.  We see waterfalls and rivers and the earth is very green and it seems to be in a very healthy state.  Also, there are many animals living on the earth, such as cats, dogs, squirrels, birds, snakes, etc.  They are all very friendly and they have a great sense of humour.  And you see how the human beings are quite primitive, so it makes a good contrast with the technology in the film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was one of my favorites. It has a story line that is very interesting.   It is a very well written story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect example of how to make a good Western. If you want a good western with a nice western setting and good acting, look no further. It's a good film but it's the way the film is made that really makes it a good one. The only negative thing I have to say about this movie is that it's quite long, so if you are a fan of Westerns and are in the mood for a long one, then this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fine movie about a poor woman who works as a laundress, a woman who lives in a dirty old man's attic in the back of a building. One day, she's startled by a mysterious man on the roof. She calls the police, and he is arrested, but he's so well-spoken and polite that she doesn't feel a thing.   It's a great little film, and a great example of the kind of movie that we've been missing from American movie culture for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of great action in this film. I thought the script was pretty good and the film's pacing was good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the most enjoyable movie ever made.   The plot was good and had an excellent sense of humor.  It also had a lot of action.  But the best part of the movie was the actors who acted out the roles.  They were all great.  - November 21, 2009This movie was fun
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A new kind of war, but a more deadly and more dangerous one. The men and the women who fight it are a brave lot, but they also know how to die. The war they fight, with all its violence and terror, is fought with the same weapons that have been used in the last war, and that is a good thing, because it makes it more difficult for the enemy. The German soldiers are more savage, more cruel, more merciless, and more fanatical than their British or French comrades. They are, in fact, a different people, more dangerous and more desperate than any other in Europe, because they know that the victory they are winning is a victory over all that is good and beautiful in life. It is a triumph over the spirit of humanity, a triumph for the dark side of man, a victory for the evil of the mind, a victorious triumph of the devil in human flesh." - from the movie "A New Kind of War"
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great comedy. I think the actors were really funny. It was like a little comedy-fairy tale. I don't know if I'm getting my money's worth, but it's a good time, and I enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "It's a story about a man who finds out the hard way that a life of a street urchin is really a life worth living."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you love the idea of a horror movie with a bad ending (and if you don't you are a moron) than you need to get this one. The whole movie is so fun to watch and the ending was great. The only thing that I didn't like about the movie is that I thought the director would have used a real killer and not some actors playing the roles of the killers. If you like horror and you don´t like people being scared off by a killer, you should get this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's great!  My only problem with the movie is that I didn't find a single good use of the movie's premise.  It is about a man who has to pay for his mistakes.   I found that the movie didn't really have any depth to it.  I think that is due to the movie having to go over all the material again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like the original, and you are familiar with it, then you will find it difficult to get bored with this one.   It's a good, if short, story, with the main character still having to cope with her feelings for her ex-husband.  It takes a while to get into it and the pacing of the story is very good.  Overall, a decent story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie ever made.   This movie is so amazing it makes me want to get off my couch and go to the movies!   - February 8, 2005Hollyweed is so great
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie so much.  The movie is very short but the ending is a cliffhanger and it will get a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't know what to expect from this film when it came out. I thought it would be more like the old horror movies of the 70's and 80's, with lots of jump scares, but it was not like that at all. The film is very tense and has a lot of great moments. The best moment of the movie is when a guy who is being chased by an alien in the woods is able to make a run for it and gets away! The alien is really a great villain. The director obviously put a lot into making this film. It is definitely worth checking out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun film.  It was a lot of fun to watch.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that tells a story about a small town. The town has been devastated by a hurricane, and it's up to two local men to try and get the town back on its feet. The story of these two men is a story that I love, the kind of small town movie I love. I love a story where two men, one of them a sheriff and the other a police officer, are stuck together. I especially love the way the movie handles their problems. There are a lot of funny moments in this movie. I can't say enough about this movie, it's a good little movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has been on my mind for a long time.   When I was a kid I would see this movie and I always wondered how I would ever live a full life without seeing this movie over and over again.  This is one of the funniest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those films that you have to see in its entirety in order to appreciate it. I won't give away the ending (although I've been there), but this is an enjoyable movie with a great cast of characters and a well written plot that leaves a lot to be desired. I don't know why it took me so long to see this film. It's so good, but there is such a sense of sadness when the ending finally happens.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "There's a lot of fun in this film, even if it doesn't quite work as a story." - David F. Greenberg, The New York Times   A must-see for fans of the original "Alien" movies!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was not a bad movie, but it didn't really have a good story, the story being mostly told through flashback and through flashbacks, there was nothing particularly interesting about the flashback to the early days of the space marines, just a bunch of guys in an office with some silly equipment and not much to do but sit around, not a very memorable movie, it is a little better in its pacing than in its quality though.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is a bit convoluted, but that's a movie about love and war, not so much about plot.  There is a lot of violence, but it's not gratuitous.  There's a lot going on in this movie that is a joy to watch.    The music is pretty good too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the story of two young men who decide to kill the bad guy who has taken the life of one of their friend. Unfortunately, the bad guys is a psychopath and the only way out is to find a good guy who can help them, or at least keep the bad one from getting the better of them.  This film is a classic and has been mentioned many times in other reviews, so I won't add much to it.  It is just about a young man who kills a bad guy, gets the bad bad guy's body parts to his friends, and then is killed by the good bad guy.  The film was released in 1962, so we know that the actors were at least 18 when they were cast.  If you have not seen this film before, I strongly recommend that you check it out.  The only negative about this film is that the soundtrack is quite weak, especially the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was amazing.  A wonderful mix of comedy, adventure, adventure and more adventure.  The story of the movie is a wonderful mix.  A good mix of adventure, comedy, and adventure. The comedy and adventure are not at all bad.   The comedy was good.  My only complaint about the movie was the ending.  It was not what I expected.  I was expecting the movie to be a long one.  However, it was only two hours long.  That is about all I can say about the ending of the film.  Overall, I enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a more fun movie than this one.  This is the most ridiculous movie I've ever seen.  "Aaaahhhhhh!"
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a well made movie with a good cast.   It's also a great movie about a man's search for a way to survive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always liked this movie.  It was a good example of a good action movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "We Are Still Here" is the third in the series about a couple of aging hippies in the middle of nowhere who run a place called "Cedar Falls".  The hippies have a lot of problems.  Their oldest son is getting old and they don't have enough money to keep him healthy.  Then the hippies find out that the old guy in their neighborhood has been missing for some time.  They're not sure what happened to him, but they know they're not the only ones who've been looking for him.  The older hippie brother decides to find out if anyone else has been looking too and it turns out that they have.  But not in the way they expected.  There's more than meets the eye with this movie.  It's an interesting and sometimes funny story about what happens when a couple goes off into the countryside for the weekend.  A couple with a big secret and a couple with lots of problems that they haven't been able to deal with for a while.  If you like hippies, don't miss this one!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a true classic. A great love story that is filled with humor and love.   It was directed by the great, David Lynch and he brought to life the wonderful, but often sad story of the love between an actress, Joan Bennett, and a man, Edward G. Robinson. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If I was going to give a negative review about this movie, I would say the best part of it is when they show the'shocking' effects of brain damage on a man's memory and his reaction to it. This part is not very good, as I'm not very sure what the effect of brain trauma does to a man. This could be done so well and for so little money that I would have seen it again if I had paid to see it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are so many good movies made this year, that I don't know where to begin.   It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  It has so much heart and so much love for its characters.  I hope to see more of these guys.  I loved this movie.  The story was so funny and very relatable.  One of my favorite movies of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of the movie is quite funny, because I think that most people in America will not be able to understand the movie even if they want to.  There are many strange events in the movie, which are not related to each other, but they are all very funny.    The movie is a little bit hard to watch, because it is so bizarre.  It was hard to find out what is the purpose of the story, but it is not the point, so I guess the story can be considered a bad movie.  I think it would be very good to watch a different movie from this movie, because they are so different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time.  I'm very sorry that I can't give a higher rating because I'm not a big fan of the genre.   If you are a fan of these types of movies then you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is simple. Two men are hunting for a large bear who has been terrorizing a small town. One of the men has a shotgun and he kills the bear. The other man is carrying a machete. He kills the second bear as well. Then they kill a third bear. Then a fourth bear. They kill five bears.    A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been looking forward to this movie for quite some time now.  The director of this movie is the great Don Coscarelli and the cast includes Anthony Edwards, John Cleese and Kevin Kline.    Anthony Edwards is a character actor in a movie that is not really about a character and he does a very good job with it.  This movie has been out for a few years now so I'm sure many of you have seen it before.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been awhile since I have seen a film this good.  A classic of the genre.    It has been well over 20 years since I saw the first installment, which was directed by Michael Anderson.  A fantastic story and a perfect mix of suspense, suspenseful suspense, and comedy.  It's the kind of film that will keep you on the edge of your seat until the very end.  This is a film that really is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film about the Beatles  I have seen.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorites is The Dark Crystal. I was never a big fan of these types of movies as a child, I always thought they were a little bit silly, but in my teenage years I really got into them. It was a great movie in my opinion. I think that I might have seen this movie in the 70's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a big fan of the movie, but it is hard to get into the movie. I have watched the movie several times over the years, but never with the intention of making a review.    As you can see in the title, it is a story about a guy named Mr. Bumble. Mr.Bumble was in a horrible accident that resulted in him losing his left arm and right leg, and it took him about 4 years to get over it. The movie follows Mr. bumble through his recovery, and his life is not all bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I might be in love with this movie. It's got everything, a good story, good acting, great music.  I liked this movie a lot more than I liked the last one. The first movie had a lot of plot holes, and I'm sure that this one has even more. The ending, as it is, is pretty interesting, and the ending is not something I would have expected from a movie with a similar name to The Big Lebowski.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "This movie is great. There are some really bad guys in this movie and I can't wait to see them get their comeuppance. This movie is a real blast.  I can't believe I am watching a movie about a bunch of thugs from the Bronx who don't even know what it means to be a gangster.    "
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's a real gem of a movie. I was so in love with the story, and it all felt so real. It is very hard to watch, but it is worth it! I was also very happy that the movie is coming to Netflix so many years later, as it is a true gem.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie.   In a nutshell, this movie is a thriller in which we follow a couple who have lost their children, but are trying to find them. We learn the whole story from them: their history (she is a witch; he is a man of God; she has been searching for him for years; he was a policeman, but he's been demoted; she was a nurse; she went back to her parents and is looking for her children; they don't know where they are), their marriage, their children (who are missing from them), their pasts and their hopes for the future.  This movie is an interesting mix of a thriller, a fairy tale, a crime story and a romance.  The movie is well made, but not as good as a film by Sidney Lumet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard a lot about this movie but I didn't really care for it until the last 20 minutes.  The movie starts off with a couple that are at the beach.    They're having a nice romantic dinner.  Then a couple comes up behind them and starts touching them.  This is weird because there are children watching this and they are all looking at them like they are a bunch of perverts.  They are so gross.  We get a lot of shots of people's underwear as they go about their business and they have the most terrible names for their kids.  It's kind of a depressing movie.  I can see why it was such a big hit when it was released but it's hard to sit through.  2.3 out of 5 stars
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love how they portray a group of people that don't necessarily look like a bunch of hippies or geeks or outcasts.  They're just normal people, like you and me.    The acting was pretty good.  I was impressed with the movie and think it's a nice little family movie that is well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best and most realistic horror movies ever made!   I was at a Halloween party. I think I saw this movie around the time I moved to California, sometime in the mid 80s. I've seen it many times since then. The house was in the back yard of a farmhouse. The kids were inside, watching a horror movie. Then, the house was surrounded by tall, scary trees. The tree was so big and scary. There was a big snake there, and the kids were terrified. I don't think it's a good horror movie, but it's one of my favorites.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that was worth seeing. It's a movie about a couple that wants to do what they want to do. They want to live in a world that makes them feel good about themselves. They go to a resort, get lost, and do things that are not so much fun. But at least they're having fun and enjoying themselves, unlike the majority of people that live in this world. I thought the story was good. It was a nice change from the usual, and I thought it was well done. The characters are very well done, especially the couple. The movie was very good. I liked it, it had great performances and some funny scenes. I think it's a good watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   This is a good horror movie.   The film has a lot of good elements.  There is a really creepy and creepy little girl.  The little girl has a little sister that is very sweet and very nice.  It is a nice little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first movie I ever saw was  The French Connection  and it got me hooked on the drug-running business.   It was great, but then  The Maltese Falcon  was released and made me love it all over again.  It's just a great movie, and one that I'd recommend to anyone who wants to see great action and story telling in a low budget manner.  The only thing I'd change about the movie is the music.  I can't really think of a better soundtrack to a movie than "The French Connection"  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie.   The movie has a good plot.  It has some action.  The acting is good.  There are no weak characters in this movie, but there are too many strong ones.  I enjoyed this movie and I recommend it to all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movies I've seen this year, and I've been watching a lot of bad movies this year. I'll be back to this one in a few weeks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't even explain this film in words.  It's a classic.  It's a great movie that will never be forgotten.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a pretty good movie.  I liked it a lot.  I have a very vague recollection of this film.    A group of people who have been traveling for years get trapped on a small island in the middle of the Pacific, when they decide to eat the food that is lying around and then get back to their own island. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a modern adaptation of a classic novel by Edgar Allan Poe.  I enjoyed it.  The story follows Edgar Allan, a lonely man who is traveling from town to town in the South.  He has just met a girl named Rose and has had a few drinks.  Edgar is having a good time, but a storm comes in the night.  It's not a big storm, but it does rain a lot.  The storm takes out all the electricity in the town and a small fire starts.  Rose is in town and doesn't know about the storm, so Edgar goes to her house.  When he arrives, she doesn't recognize him.  After that, they get to know each other a little bit better.  They become friends.  But the storm hits and they both get stranded in the middle of nowhere.  There's no cell phones and no electricity.  A few days later, they find a camp fire and have a few beers together.  One night, they decide to have a girl over.  Unfortunately, they have to keep their secret from each other because they have each other's number.    I enjoyed this movie because it was a good old fashioned ghost story with some horror elements thrown in.  My favorite character was Edgar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was good, but it didn't make me happy, but at least it didn t have a bad movie about a bad guy!   What can i say, this movie is a true classic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last two days I have been on a quest for the "perfect" movie. I watched a lot of movies that fall in the perfect category: the acting is perfect, the characters are perfect, and the film is perfect. But I never saw a movie that was perfect for me. I mean, I know what a movie is: a series of events and actions that lead to a certain ending. I have seen movies that I felt were bad, but this is a movie I watched when I was young, and it made me cry. I am so glad I watched it.   I just watched this. It was beautiful, and sad, and touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a really funny and original movie, with plenty of gags.   The acting is very good and the director does a good job of showing us the different characters as they meet one another. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a comedy about a girl who loves the outdoors, a boy who's afraid of water, and the crazy weather.   This is a funny movie about people who are afraid of things they don't understand, and a girl with a very good sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. It is well made, and well acted. The acting is top notch, and the story is very well done. The action is also great. This is an excellent film. I have watched this film more than once, and it is always a favorite of mine.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most interesting and entertaining films I've ever seen!  It's really funny and the story has lots of surprises.  If you like a good adventure then I highly recommend you to watch this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie I've ever seen.   I was a little nervous when I heard the title of this movie.  It had an eerie feel to it.  I didn't realize how great this movie would be until I saw it. I was really surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl with a strange condition and a good deal of psychic ability, she has a good sense of humor and is a bit of a bad girl, and this is the film that made it happen.  I really enjoyed this movie and think that it will appeal to a broad range of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, it had great action, some great characters, a well made plot and a great finale.  The cast is fantastic and all of the characters are fun to watch.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time. I have been looking for a good story to watch since I started watching movies and this movie did not disappoint. It is a story about a man who loves the mountains but hates the cold and hates the fact that the mountains have a high elevation. One day while climbing a mountain he gets lost. He ends up in a valley that has been cut off from the rest of the world. He meets a woman who is from a remote part of the mountains who he decides to help. After the rescue she falls in love with him. I found the movie really interesting and the story made it worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As far as I can remember, the most recent movie I have seen from this director was the one where he plays a bunch of guys who play video games all day long and then go out to party.   I guess you could call this the sequel to that movie.  I didn't really mind the game part of it, but the partying part I didn`t really enjoy.  This movie has a great cast that I would say makes up for the fact that it isn`t very funny at all.  Overall I thought this was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie about the dangers of government and what happens when you allow it to get out of hand. It's not an anti-government movie but it does take a very critical look at the way things are run today.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the first time I am watching a movie from the '80s. I was born in 1985, so this was my first time ever watching a 70s movie. It is a very funny movie and it is a lot of fun. I recommend this movie to everyone who loves to watch funny movies!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the last few years there has been a number of "sci-fi" films in which we are supposed to be the protagonists, trying to save the universe from all manner of evils.  It is really a shame that we are not allowed to be our own heroes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good, good, old, funny, good old time!   I was happy with it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fine, if very unusual, film about a man's efforts to find love in an era when women were not supposed to be seen or talked about. It is an adaptation of the novel by David Mamet, and it has been made in the style of Mamet's other, more successful novel, "The Wild One." It is a great comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot is simple: A group of people, the members of a small band of outlaws, steal a car and head to the desert, where they expect to find some rich people. The car's interior has been gutted out so the passengers have to walk in the sand in order to reach the next town. But, as it turns out, the rich people don't live anywhere near the desert.   After being stranded in the desert for three days, the gang finds a good deal on a farmhouse where they live until they have enough money to buy the car back.  A story that doesn't get old and a plot that never gets boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie is simple. A little girl goes to see a movie, and after seeing the movie she comes home with a man. She tries to get rid of him, but she is so in love with him she doesn't want to give him up. She is a little kid. The movie is good, and there is no doubt in my mind that the movie was made for children.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun movie to watch. The special effects were great, the story was fun and the characters were funny. I would recommend this to all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and a great story.  The story is simple but it is great.  It takes a very unusual approach to a common plot device and does it in a very good way.  The acting is also excellent.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I've seen every movie from the old days, and I've only seen one new one this year:  The Return of the Jedi.  I know, I know: I'm not a big Star Wars fan.  But I have to admit: I love the film.  I can't stop watching it!    It's so much fun, I don't want to stop! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a lot of fun, and a lot to say about the human condition.  I like this movie, and would probably like it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice movie and a good time. I'd like to see the sequels.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really interesting and well put together. It's not exactly what you would call a science fiction movie but it's definitely something different. It has a very real and human feel to it that you don't often see in these kinds of movies. The writing is good and the acting is good. I can't think of a bad scene in the movie. It is quite good in my opinion. The ending is a little confusing but the movie is well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is just about the most entertaining movie I have ever seen!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is fairly predictable.   First we are introduced to a small group of young men and women, all of them working for the government, working for "the people" who are "just like us" in this small rural town.  Their jobs include "assisting" the elderly, helping out the local farmers, and providing "security" for the town. All of which is well and good, until they find themselves caught up in a murder mystery involving the mayor and the local police chief.  This is where the movie really gets going.  The cast is good, the acting is excellent, and the acting in general is excellent in this movie.  Even the little children are well portrayed, especially the little girl who was really adorable.  And that is what I liked most about this movie, all the little things.  It has a great soundtrack, a great ending, and a great plot that leads right to the end.  I really like this movie for what it is, a good, small movie about people trying to make a living and trying to help others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie with an excellent script and great acting. This movie is great fun to watch, I loved it and I wish I was there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a great time with this movie. It's not very good, but it's entertaining, so if you like this sort of thing, then you will like it. It has a great ending, and is a real good time for the whole family.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! I'm not sure why, but it made me feel so much more positive about my life. I loved the little bits of character development and the way they were presented. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't speak highly enough about this movie. It's so good it's amazing.  The script is amazing and it has such a good twist ending.    I can't wait to see it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an interesting little tale about a group of friends who are traveling through the woods, and one of them decides to bring along his best friend.  This guy is named "Kubrick," and when he meets up with his friends they decide to play some games and go camping.  When they start off on the hike, they notice that they don't see any water, and as the group starts to get hungry, they decide that it's time to get to the campsite, so they decide the best way to get there is to climb a tree, which they do.  The tree doesn't look very good, and they realize that it won't be very comfortable.  However, as they're climbing, they realize it's a good time to have a little bit of fun.  They play a little game that involves trying to see if they can climb the tree by following each other.  Unfortunately, their friends come up behind them and start to get annoyed, so the group decides to go back to camp, but not before they take some pictures.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had to see this movie about 3 times. It was my first real trip to a film festival. This is a great movie about a crazy guy who has a strange hobby and is obsessed with the concept of time travel. The movie is great because it is about two very different characters. The first is an old man who can only be described as a walking time machine. He can't do anything for himself and his life is a total misery. He is obsessed by the idea of time traveling and can't get out of the house to do anything else. This leads to him losing all sense of himself and becomes completely insane. The second character is a young woman who has never experienced anything like time travel before. She lives in a small town and is only interested in a couple of books about a guy who lived thousands of years ago. She is an excellent writer and a very intelligent person. She loves to read about all the weird things in history. She wants to make time travel happen, but her father and brother don't agree with her. One of the characters is even a time traveler himself, who gets caught up in the insanity of the old man. This movie is about as realistic as it gets. It isn't a movie made to entertain people, but rather a story about two people who have no idea of what they are doing and find themselves in a very strange situation. It is also a good lesson in how the world works. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised how much I enjoyed this film, and this is the first film I watched where the acting was not so terrible that I found myself laughing at the end.  The story, however, is just a little too simple.  A couple of people, including a girl named Rachel, are walking down a road.    The girl is complaining about the weather, and her friend says that the clouds are moving.  At the same time, a woman's voice can be heard.  I thought that was the end of the film, but the girl hears another voice saying, "Do not listen to the wind.  This is the voice of your future.  The wind will destroy you."   When the woman says, "I wish to warn you about the wind" the girl replies, "This is not the wind, this is..."   A little later the girl has a vision of the future. The girl sees the woman who has the message from the wind saying, "...and you will not be allowed to come out of this world alive."  When they get to the other side of the road, the girl sees that she is still alive.  Rachel says that she thinks they have been walking a road for a long time, and the girl says that it is "too long for this road to go on."  After this, the film ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie! It is the most popular action movie in the world, it has been re-released in a number of countries.   I saw this movie on a friend's tv, I didn't know it was about a man who went to hell for being gay. It is an entertaining movie with good characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie and I love how it is very well written and shot and I just loved the story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a great movie about a boy and a girl and their adventures. The movie has a great voiceover by Christopher Lee. The music by the same artist as The Man Who Fell to Earth 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been waiting to see this movie for so long.   The plot is straightforward.  The characters are very likable,  and the music is good.  I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie about the Vietnam War.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first part of this movie was absolutely wonderful. I am not sure why the title was not called 'A Badass Bunch of Suckers', because it is the perfect movie for the Halloween season. There is a very good chemistry between the three characters, who are great actors. They are all on their toes and doing everything to get the role that they desire. One of the most hilarious parts of the movie was the first scene. I really loved the first shot, which was the girls trying to sneak into a car. I liked the dialogue between the girls and the guys. The girls were very loud and silly, but that was their charm. The guys are all very smart and funny. I have to admit that I laughed my butt off.   There is also a little bit of action in this movie. There were some shots of the cars crashing into each other, but not a lot. The movie ended with a great musical number. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows a group of "brave" soldiers in the Russian Army during the second world war. The first half of the film takes place in a bunker in the middle of a forest, with the soldiers in a series of combat situations and the soldiers' commander explaining the nature of the war and how the Russians are fighting back against the German invaders. The film also tells the story of a Russian girl and her husband, and how they help each other through the difficult times, both physically and psychologically. I have never seen a film that was as powerful as this one.    "A Soldier's Story" is a great movie, not only for it's incredible military story, but also for its beautiful art direction. It has a very authentic feel to it, even though it is a fictional story of the first world war, the characters seem to be real people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was one of my favorite movies ever! It's really funny and I really enjoyed the movie. I'm sure it will be one of your favorites too!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of the film is really a story about a father who has to be the father of his children. It's a funny little movie.  He doesn't like them and he has a hard time with them. He doesn't get the kids until they are three and a half. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was excited to see this movie because it was directed by the amazing and talented John Landis. I really enjoyed watching this movie. I think that John Land the director is one of the best directors in movies and it was a very entertaining movie. This movie has a great plot, great characters, great laughs and great acting. The only problem with this movie is that I found the ending very unsatisfying.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family and I went to see this movie last night. We were in love with it from the very beginning. It's very well acted and directed by Paul Weitz. It has a great sense of humor and a wonderful story line. It will be a great movie for everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie about a crazy guy and a beautiful woman who is in love with him. This movie is a classic that is well-known in the movie industry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:     I really like this movie! It's got some nice action scenes, it's got a great story, and it's a great tribute to the good ol' days of TV.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a huge fan of this movie, but it's a good one. I'm not much of a fan of the movie itself, it's not a bad movie, it has it's moments. The main character, Lyle is a guy who loves to kill, and he has a wife who doesn't like it. The only thing that gets to me is that the woman Lyle falls in love with seems to be there only to be killed off right in the middle of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "This movie was a very unique, fun, and entertaining film. It was definitely a crowd pleaser for everyone.  The characters were very well written and the story line was extremely entertaining.    "
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film, but it is not the first film in the genre.   The title of the film, which is also a very apt one, is a pun on the name of a German village.  The village is not far from the city of Breslau, the former capital of the German Empire.  But, the film is about the events in a small town on the border of West and East Prussia, the border where the two empires met.  I was a little surprised that the film was set in East Prussian Poland, but I guess the people who shot it did not realize that the Germans had not yet conquered the Soviet Union.  This was the first time I saw the name "Breslauer" on the credits.  One of the things that struck me about the film - which is a film about war and peace - is that the German army has only a very small number of tanks and armoured cars in the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's a little too long, but I was able to watch it because of how good the actors were. They all had fun and made it easy to enjoy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to go to the hospital to get checked out after a car crash last week.  I don't have a lot of pictures of me in my pictures and they were of a very ugly and very old me.  The doctor told me that I have been having some trouble lately and that they would probably have to put me in a nursing home.   So here I am at a nursing care home.   I am a patient at a very nice place called the Hilltop Nursing Home.  It is run by Mrs. J.E. Hogg.    I have a nurse there who is the best.  She does a great job of taking care of me and I don´t get to see her very often as I get to visit the nurses and the doctor and other residents.  After the first couple of weeks of living at Hilltop, I decided to make a list of all the good things about living there.   The first is that there is a pool.  We all go there to swim.  You can't swim as well as you can in a swimming pool.   You have to be in the water a good time before you can learn to swim like a good swimmer.   It is a long pool but there is always a little place out on the back side to throw in the sand.   There is a beautiful view of the woods on all sides.   Also there is an elevator that takes you to the top floor.   Mrs. Hugg has an elevator.  This is something I could never do.   When I was a kid, I always thought it was pretty funny to see a girl being lifted up by an elevator in the hospital.   But I didn´t think that a woman would be doing it at the nursing home with a male nurse.   Anyway, I donít think the elevator has been working that well.  Anyway, there is one other thing that I like about the nursing care.   Most of the nurses are women.  A man would be a little embarrassed by the whole idea of a female being a nurse.  Mrs.Hogg says that the only time a man has ever tried to become a nurse was during the war.  There are a lot more male nurses now then there were then.   Well, the last time I was there, they had a male and female nurse team and a male resident.  They had a lot to do.  So they had to be very
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure I'd ever seen a movie as good as this. The plot was so well-executed and well-paced, the acting was great and the story was an awesome tale. I could not believe how much fun I had watching this!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of zombie movies but this one is the best I've seen so far.  The zombies in this movie are realistic and real, I thought they were more like human than zombies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First of all, the director, the man who made The Dark Knight and is one of the few truly great movie directors of the 21st century, was a master at casting. Bruce Willis, as the leader of the SWAT team, is an astonishingly convincing version of a true American badass. Even his first appearance is terrifying and the movie makes a very convincing argument that even if you're in the military, you shouldn't mess with cops. It's not that the police are stupid, it's just that they're not the military.   The film's main story concerns a couple of former soldiers who are trying to take out a drug lord who is using his money and influence to make the war in Afghanistan look like a peace exercise. They don't get to the drug lord until the local police have been shot down and they are stranded in the mountains without any money or supplies. In order to make it through, they turn to the only people in the area who have any experience in the art of getting money from the drug dealers: the Taliban. This is a film that's not about the military at all, it just takes what it wants.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story takes place in the early 1900s and involves a young man named J.C. (who may or may not be the same guy as the man in the movie). He is the owner of a small business, the "Branch Store", and has three friends: his wife (who is the sister of a wealthy widow), his son (who can't help but to get in trouble) and his brother-in-law (who does the best he can).   J. C. is an odd guy. He has a passion for music (he is a talented musician) and can be rather eccentric (he often goes into rages and gets into fights).  He's also rather handsome and seems to be in love with his wife.   He is also quite the ladies man (if not the one he thinks he is) and likes to do things that are a little odd.  There's also a bit of an undertone of murder and murder plots.  One thing I found interesting was the fact that the story is told through J. c.'s journal. The journals are interesting and help give a more personal view of the events that are taking place.  While the film is short, the acting is quite good.  The plot is rather short but interesting and is well worth watching.  I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The ending is so sad and yet so beautiful. It is very sad that so many good people die and there are so many people that are just not right.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a good film. The movie was pretty much a fantasy-mystery. We have to follow a guy through an adventure in a mysterious world. I really liked this movie. I hope they do more movies like this in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was an awesome film and a lot of fun to watch. The action scenes were great, the plot was good, and the characters were great. I enjoyed this movie and would definitely watch it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of this movie tells you that this is not a typical comedy. Instead, this is a realistic portrayal of life during the war in a German POW camp. The movie does a good job at showing the prisoners in a bad light. They were all in bad shape, they were hungry and thirsty, and they were dirty and smelly. They weren't able to take care of themselves, so their campmates had to do it for them. They worked very hard to keep the camp alive. The film doesn't shy away from showing the brutality of life in a POW camp, and the movie's portrayal of the POW's as a cohesive group of good people is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main characters are great, and I was really glad to see them again.   I love the characters, especially the main one, Riku.  You could almost see the old Riku again. His sense of humor is very dry, and he is a real pain in the ass at times.  He is so fun to watch and he always makes a good impression on me.  I thought it was pretty cool when they were trying to save a whale and Riku and Shirotama were in the ship together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only time I've seen this movie is on the big screen, but it was worth the trip. It is not an "out and out" action movie, but instead is a quiet and touching story about the loss of a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a problem with "The Last Temptation of Christ"   Because it is a movie that is supposed to be scary, yet it doesn't feel scary.   This movie is more about what Christ did to get the attention of the devil in the end than the story of Jesus and his death and resurrection.  As I said, I don't like the movie, but I liked the book better.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  It's a story about two friends who go to a small town in Alabama to hunt down a monster that's been killing people in the town.    The plot is quite simple, but the story is quite interesting and well told.  The acting is very good, especially by the two leads.  It's not perfect, but it is very entertaining.  I gave this a good rating of 7.0/10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I have ever seen.   A classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this movie has some good moments.  A few good fights, some funny moments and some great characters.  The first two thirds of the movie have some nice moments, some great fight scenes and some good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If I was to give a score of a movie to a movie like this one, I would give it a very solid 6/10. I don't like the music in the movie and the acting of the main character. I found it quite funny, and the movie does have a lot of heart and good ideas.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is about a young couple, David (Derek Jones) and Rosemary (Linda Larkin), who get married, and decide to move to a cabin in the woods. It's in the mountains and all that. I don't remember much else, except that it was good. The first time I saw it, I didn't really like it, but I liked it a lot more the second time around. It still is.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really love this movie.  There is a great blend of humor, action, and romance in here.    I have a couple of other movies on my list to watch,   but this one is one of the better ones out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this one a few years ago on a flight and had a good time.   It's fun and the plot is simple.  One day, a group of men and women who are in a car accident are saved by a mysterious woman who gives them a little gift that turns out to be a portal to the other side.  This woman's name is Betty and she is a very mysterious and mysterious character.  I enjoyed this movie very much and I'm glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a year full of mediocre movies, the last great one came out in 2000.  It has the feel of an old classic (or a "how to" film), with the same great cast and the same director.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is very well shot, and there is no question that it was made by the same person who made "The Black Stallion", but it does not feel the same. It is more like a black comedy, with the same kind of story. It's about a young black man who has to deal with racism, and he finds himself getting into trouble. It has a lot of funny dialogue, and it's very well acted. There is a lot to be said for the acting, but it's hard to say which is better, as both are good. It also has some very good music.   Overall, it's a good film, and I give it a 7/10. It was an enjoyable movie to watch. It doesn't feel as if it's taking itself too seriously, and that is a good thing. I think it would be a good addition to anyone's collection of black comedies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good and worth a watch.  It has some very interesting scenes with the characters.  It's a story about a group of friends that all want to be the greatest rock band in the world.  I enjoyed this movie very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is nothing bad about this movie. It's a story about two guys who have an idea for a movie and they try to get it made. This is a film with a good story, good characters, and a good ending. The movie also has a few moments of humor, which makes it even better. The special effects are a little rough at times, but they do look cool at times. There are a few times when the story just gets to be too long, and the characters get too much time to talk, but it's still an interesting movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am really enjoying this movie so far.    In a lot of ways it reminds me of an old movie about a girl who went to a very boring high school (which I also attended).   It has a really interesting premise and the way that the girl gets into the secret society of the school is really funny.  I love how the movie doesn't make the whole thing about sex.  It's just the two of them getting to know each other, and having a lot fun doing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this movie was very interesting and well done. I have to say I like the idea of the character who has to be the leader of a group of outlaws. I liked how they all acted and how they got into trouble. This movie was funny and very well done!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen a lot of good movies since I was a child, and one of the most memorable for me was The Wizard of Oz.   The first time I saw it I was in the seventh grade, and it was like an indescribable experience.  When the movie opened with a little boy (who later turns into a giant) riding a horse to a place called Oz. I had never seen a movie about a place named Oz before.  The boy was running through a beautiful and peaceful landscape. The clouds were floating in the air, the grass was green and the flowers were beautiful. The little boy looked back at his mother and said "I can see Oz, mother."  The little girl next to him was carrying a basket full of flowers, she looked back and said, "I like it, Mother."    One of the first things I remember about Oz was Dorothy's dress. It was blue and white with little gold trimmings. It had long sleeves, and a long blue ribbon was tied around it. It looked really pretty.  My favorite part of the movie was the scene in the woods. There was a beautiful place, and the woods were beautiful and full of wonderful smells. There were no people, but there were animals that were really pretty and interesting.  It is not a very good movie, and most people don't like it. I'm glad I saw the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original screenplay by Richard Fleischer is very funny. I loved it and it made me laugh for days.   This is a great movie about a couple of guys who are living in a haunted house. It has a few bad jokes and it is not a very good horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best films ever. It has a great score by John Williams and the action is top notch. The plot and the story is good, the actors are good, and the cinematography is amazing. It is the best action movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - The most effective action-thriller I've ever seen! - The best acting I've seen this year! - If I were a betting man I'd say it'll be one of the biggest hits of the year!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of the Alien movies. This movie is the second movie in a trilogy, the first movie being Alien Resurrection. The Alien is a very good villain.   The story follows a human who has been infected with a lethal disease that renders him a cyborg. He has no way to cure himself of this disease, and he needs to be kept alive as long as possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a huge fan of  The Muppet Show  and its sequel,  Muppets from Space, and I've always thought the  Muppet Movie  would be a great idea for a TV movie: It's not an episode that I have watched often, but it's a very funny one.  And it's fun to watch as well.    It's funny, well made and a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, with a lot of humor and good characters. The dialogue is really funny. I had fun with this one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... a very funny movie. It is so much fun watching the movie. This movie is great fun and entertaining.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was an entertaining movie with lots of fun, action, romance, and the story was not boring at all. The plot is very interesting and the cast is well done and you can see the chemistry between the characters.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly" was the first film of Sergio Leone that I ever saw, and I still haven't seen it in over 20 years. I have never seen a movie quite like it. The action is good, the camerawork is slick, the acting is great, and the soundtrack is pretty great. It is not a "classic" by any means, but it is one of those movies that you have to see for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is one thing that is absolutely not on the list: "Ponyo" is a pretty good movie with a good cast of characters and a good story to tell.   It is also very enjoyable and has a good message about the nature of art and the world in general.  It should be a must see for all anime fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't really know why this movie is so good.  The main character has an interesting backstory, but it's so thin that it's not a mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My wife and I had a lot of fun watching this movie. It was definitely a great watch.  I am a huge Batman fan and this movie was very well done.  The story was great.    There was a lot going on in this movie, so much so that I really had to stop and rewind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie a few months back and thought I'd give it another shot. This movie has some great acting and a really interesting story line. It's very difficult to pick a favorite scene or moment in the movie, as it all depends on your personal taste. However, if you're a fan of The Godfather or Scarface, then you won't be disappointed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is predictable from the first to the last scene.  We get to see some interesting characters, including an Indian doctor, a Chinese doctor, and a Brazilian doctor.  It's really nice to see Dr. Zai-Feng (Liang) and Dr. Xu-Ran (Li) get to know each other.    After the two doctors meet, they both fall in love with the same woman.  Dr. Huang-Liang and his Chinese girlfriend have a lot of issues going on.  They're both from Shanghai and they both speak Mandarin.      The only problem I have with this movie is that the director didn't follow the story as it was supposed to be.  One of the doctors (Li's character) is supposed to have a son, but he doesn't have any child.  The other doctor's wife (Hwang's character), who was pregnant at the time of the movie, was not shown in the movie.  In the end, they don't have a child because of the lack of a male partner, and the son died during birth.  I have no idea what the problem was with the story line, but it was too similar to another movie I have seen recently. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very solid and well-made film, well-acted, well directed and well written, though the actors were all fairly unknown at the time.  The story is not entirely original, but it's very well done, with an intelligent plot and excellent acting by everyone involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was pretty funny to see the characters in their different clothes, trying to pretend they weren't trying to get away from a dangerous situation.  There was even a bit of a comedic element with some silly characters like a cat and a dog that are both trying to kill a dog, which is kind of funny.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I haven't seen the movie but it looks interesting. I don't know the actor but I know he was a real star.    I like this movie and I liked the way it was shot. I also liked that the movie didn't end with a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice little movie.  The writing was great, the performances were great, and the direction and music was perfect.    The story itself was a bit hard to follow, but once you get into it, it's easy to follow.  I have watched the movie more times than I can count. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a really good movie, a little slow at the start, but by the time it got going, it was a good film. I liked that the main character (played by Michael Fassbender) is a former soldier who is now a cop.  The story had a lot of action and a lot more suspense than I usually find in a film like this.  I have to admit that I am very pleased with this film.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic. I love the film and all of the characters.   I think this movie will become a classic movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good story, a bit too short, and has a few bad lines, but the characters are good, the acting is fine, and it's a nice, simple story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am still in shock from this movie. I was watching it a few days ago and was amazed at the realism. This movie is about a man and his wife who go to Japan to be with their daughter. When they arrive in Japan they get a car crash, and the man has a hole in his chest. He is taken to the hospital and the doctors say they can't do anything about it. They do some tests, and they say that he has an abscess. They remove the abscess, and he comes out. He starts going on and on about how he loves his wife. It is at this point that the wife decides she will not be seeing her husband any more, and takes a job in Tokyo. It takes a while to find the wife. They find her at a cafe, and she tells them she is in love with her new boyfriend. He tells her he is from California, and his name is John. It seems that John is a very nice guy, and even though they both hate Japan they are happy for each other. It has a great ending, and I hope it is shown on TV more often. I recommend this movie to everyone, and it will probably be in a movie list at least one more time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a movie that takes a very well known film (The Fugitive) and retells it with a new twist. The characters are very well developed. The plot twists are very effective. This movie had a very good ending and is a very enjoyable watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of The Rocketeer is a good one. It starts out pretty well. I was expecting the opening to be a little dull. But it wasn't. The action starts off pretty fast and it's very fast paced. I think the reason the action is so fast is because the pilot was trained by the best pilots in the world and he didn't know how to slow down. The pilot also didn't understand that he was in a rocket and that it would crash so he wasn't worried about the plane falling. In a way, I feel that The Rocketer is a little similar to the pilot in The Rock. He was trained in the best schools in the country and he's a smart guy. So he gets into the rocket and it crashes. So why doesn't he just say so. But I like the idea that he is the best pilot in the nation. I also like the fact that he doesn't think he's the best because he thinks he's so smart. This story has some good acting and a nice script.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun little movie, with a nice story to tell. I like this movie, it's pretty entertaining and the story is quite interesting.   Posted by Andrew S. at 10:47 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a movie like this before. It is very, very good. It's the kind of movie you watch over and over again. I love the way the movie is shot. I think it's one of the best movies I've ever seen, but that doesn't mean I can't see it a few times. I'm not sure if this movie has been made in America, but it does look like it has. It has a good cast, and there is a nice plot. I can see why this movie is so good, I really can't put my finger on why. There are no plot holes in this movie, but there are a few things that I thought would have made the movie better, and I wish they had. I loved how they did the movie with no special effects, or special effects that look good. I thought the film was done in a very unique way. I found it very funny how they kept using the same old faces, and it was kind of funny. The characters were very well done. I liked the way they played the whole thing out. I was a little disappointed at how the movie ended, but I think that's a good thing. I really hope there will be a sequel. I just can't wait to see how they continue to do it. I don't know if they have a sequel in the works, but if they do, I'm sure it will be good. If you have a few minutes to spare, watch this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A really nice movie, it had a lot of heart, and I liked that the story was told by the father (he is a professor of anthropology and I am sure he is very clever) and the daughter (she is a doctor and she is quite cute) but they don't seem to be that close, they talk about other things than the mother and the father, and then there is the story of the family (the father, mother, daughter and a baby).   I thought the movie was funny, it was like watching a kid playing a grown up game.   The only complaint I have is that there were some scenes that made me think, like the one in which the son of the mother tells her that her daughter has a crush on a student. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a young man who is sent to an insane asylum, but when he sees his fellow patients are getting killed by a madman, he escapes. He is a brilliant surgeon who makes the most of the situation and starts to turn the asylum around.  There is a lot of humor in this, not just in the usual "who can get the biggest erection" and "who's the biggest dick" type jokes, but also in the oddball medical treatments that he is forced to give to his patients. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie immensely.  The acting was excellent and it had a good story.  I recommend this movie to fans of  The Lord of the Rings  and Lord of New York  (also made by the same team). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great family movie about a family that's been living in the same house for decades.  The parents are just wonderful in this movie.  I had never heard of the film until I watched it in the theater, and even though it had a few issues (including the weirdness of the opening title sequence) I enjoyed it greatly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a nice story about a family of hippies, and one very happy family.  I liked how this movie kept it's funny, yet touching tone throughout.    I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most visually stunning films I have seen in a long time.   I was so impressed by the cinematography that it made me wonder why they had not done it with more modern technology.  The story, I found, to be a pretty standard action/adventure tale.  In fact, I didn't really mind it at all.  While I am usually not a fan of action films, this one had a certain charm that made me appreciate it for what it is.  I can't say I found any weaknesses in the movie, other than perhaps the fact that I found myself wondering what the "s" meant.  This was certainly not a film I was looking forward to, but I was glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a big fan of horror movies, especially slasher movies.   So, when I saw this movie, I had to see it.  The plot is pretty simple, and pretty effective, too.  It's about a girl who gets possessed by a spirit and starts killing her friends.  I don't think there's anything too surprising about this movie.  At least, it didn't surprise me, because I expected it. I have a tendency to like movies that have a twist ending, and this one does.  So far, so good.  A little short, but then, it's all about horror.  But, it is a short movie, so I'm sure I'll find it interesting to rewatch it at a later time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, and well worth watching. The characters are well-drawn and the plot is well-paced and a lot of fun.  A must-watch movie for anyone who loves a good story and a good, classic Western!  I'd give it an 8 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think I will give the movie two stars.   It is not an original idea but it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie.  There is a lot of stuff going on, but it all works.    There is a scene in a casino that I liked a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's a very funny and entertaining movie. I found myself laughing more often than not. I also loved the scenes of the two families having their lunch together.  The music was also very pleasant to listen to.  A Very Good Movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen a movie like this since the early 80's.   The original version was so great that I bought the original DVD.  It is a great movie about the Vietnam War.  If you have a soft spot for this kind of thing then you should get it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of those classic movies that you've been wanting to see, and now you will.   The movie was written in the late 50's by a man named Robert Clouse and is an adaptation of a short story by the same name by an unknown writer named E.S. Hulme.  The story is about a young girl who is sent by her father to a boarding school in the English countryside. She gets in over her head, and ends up in a life of crime.  I'm a little embarrassed to say I'm not a great movie buff, but I was pleasantly surprised by the film.  It's certainly not a masterpiece, but there's enough in the story to keep you interested.  As a story, it's just not as good as it is presented in the film, but the film isn't really about that.  For what it is, it has some great characters, and it's a really fun film. The music is very effective and the acting is just fine.  Overall, a good, fun, low budget movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic case of bad writing.  The screenplay is a mess of cliches.  One thing that really stood out to me was the scene where they walk in and out of the bar with their guns drawn.  I am not a gun guy, so I cannot fathom why they would be drawn to a bar with guns drawn in a place that is supposed to be safe.    The movie is not only bad but also confusing.  It does not make sense.  The characters are flat.  They are constantly jumping from one subject to the other.  You have a woman who has a lot of feelings about her son.  She has an affair with her boyfriend.  This is supposed be the "happy ending" of the movie.  When she is pregnant, she tells her boyfriend that she will leave him for her son and the son doesn't care.  At one point, a girl's mother is murdered and the mother's lover is murdered.  What the fuck is this movie?  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a well-acted film. The acting is very good and the performances by the three leads (Mia Farrow, Alan Rickman and Daniel Craig) are good, too. This is an action movie but the film is not about that.   There are scenes in this film that remind me of a few other action films: the car chase, the knife fight and the shootout.  A couple of the actors are not the most talented. The one who has a better scene than most is Alan Rickmans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was really excited to see this movie. I don't know why, but I like it. The ending was nice, and the movie was fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie ever made and I'm glad I watched it in the theatre.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie so much.  It's not like any other monster movie that I've seen before.    The plot is just so well executed.  This movie is about a guy who meets a woman who looks just like the actress who played in the original monster movie.  When she reveals that she's the daughter of the monster, he goes on a quest to find her.  The movie also features some of the most amazing monster effects ever to be made.  I had a hard time deciding what to watch first so I picked up the Blu-ray.  Unfortunately, the blu-ray is a little on the small side.  It came packaged in a pretty big cardboard box so it was easy to open and unwrap.  For some reason, this movie doesn't come with a DVD so I had to buy it on eBay.      I'm so glad I did.  There is an entire movie on this Blu-Ray so it's really worth watching it.  As far as I'm concerned, the movie is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent movie!   The action scenes are great, and the film has a dark humor.   I especially liked the scene where the three thieves, as they were being led from the room, started singing the theme from "Jingle Bells" and then they were singing about being "a man with a thousand mouths".    All in all, a fun little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "If I could be honest with myself I would never have watched this movie. It is simply an old fashioned adventure movie with some fun and a little bit of heart. It has all the ingredients you would want in a movie to get the blood flowing, the energy to go to town and the romance to get you going. It does have its shortcomings but for what it is, this movie is a great movie." -T.C.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a great one.  It's like a horror movie, with lots of gore, blood, and gore.  But it's a comedy as well.   The movie is set in the 1950s, when a group of high school friends meet a girl who looks like Marilyn Monroe, and she tells them about a group that is working to kill all the boys.  The boys in the group are named the "Boys of Silence", and they are a bunch of weirdoes.  There's also a girl, the "Pretty Girl of Silence".    In the movie, the boys are all in a fight about whether or not to shoot a boy who was running away from them.  One of the boys decides to go out to kill the boy, and when he is out of sight, another boy picks up the gun.  This leads to a great gun fight in the streets, and then a chase through the woods.  And the ending!   Overall, I really enjoyed this movie, and I'm sure a lot of you will too!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of John Hughes movies, and the first one I ever saw was 'Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory'. I have watched it more times than I can count. It is such a perfect movie. It does everything right. It's funny, it's cute, it has heart. It will always be one of my favorites.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie I will not forget. It is an honest look at a bad time in life. It portrays the way things were in the 90's and it is a sad tale.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really glad I came across this movie. I'm a fan of old movies, especially old horror movies. This movie has a really creepy and eerie vibe, and I like that. The film is not only scary, but also quite gory and bloody, and this is not just a gore movie, but rather a gory horror movie.  The special effects are also good, and they do make the movie even scarier.  The movie also has a nice old time feel to it, and it is a good old movie, I have seen this one so many times that I have forgotten a few of the details.   I think this is a great old time horror movie, that I'd recommend to any horror fan, especially to horror fans who like old time movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Dumb and Dumber To" series is a staple of American movies: a comedy about a kid who goes to a school full of idiots, and a bunch of incompetent teachers.  If the "Dumber" movie didn't work out, the "School of Dumb" would be a good idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is a very old movie about a little girl who lives in a small town in the mountains and has a cat. It is a little story about a cat, but the little girl in the movie is very good. It doesn't matter if she is the cat's mom, or the cat, or a little boy, the little boy and the little cat in the town are all the same.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect movie for any fan of sci-fi. The story is set in a future where there are no cities or cities of any kind because of a disaster. One day a man called L.R. (the protagonist) arrives in a distant city to find his wife and son missing. He goes into a house to investigate, and finds a woman called Mary (played by the lovely Joanne Whalley) who has no memories of her life. He takes her to his house to show her around and they soon fall in love. When the disaster occurs the man decides to stay in the city to look after Mary and look after his family. He lives a simple life with his wife, son, daughter, and daughter's mother. In one evening he has a dream in which he sees the city of London destroyed. The next day Mary is found in the street by a police officer. She tells him about the events of the night before. He decides to go and look for his wife. He finds Mary and they stay together. It is a simple story with some good sci-fis, but most importantly it is a love story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A beautiful film with a powerful message:  The movie is based on the true story of two young girls, one in a convent school, the other a young woman who was a prostitute. When the former finds herself pregnant, the nun gives her the option of going to the hospital for a second-trimester abortion, if she wishes. The film follows the life of one of the two girls during her pregnancy and as she is going through the ordeal of trying to find the money to pay for the abortion, and her struggle with the family and friends who want to stop her. The ending is beautiful, and I found it very moving. I enjoyed the film very much.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought it was an excellent movie. I really enjoyed the film and it was very well made. I think it's about time that movies like this came out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tears of a Clown" is a fun little story about a clown who has a nightmare about an evil clown named "Baron Von Roo".  The clown goes back in time to kill Baron Von Rooo, but the time machine only works for a day.  He goes back to the future, where he meets his evil alter-ego and they try to make it up to each other.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was skeptical about this film, especially considering that it was filmed with an American director (Jeff Daniels). It was a great film. It was well made and interesting. It made me laugh out loud several times. I had a great time with this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a film with an interesting premise. The film has a great cast of characters, and it's a real treat to watch them together. It's a very fun movie, and a great watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie that does not focus on any one aspect or plot. It is a movie about the importance of love and loyalty. The movie starts off with a man that has been in a coma for over a year and he has lost his ability to love. His girlfriend has moved to a new town and he needs to find a new place to live. He does not have any money so he decides to take the old boat that he has in his garage and build a new one from the hull of it. He decides to sell the old sailboat and uses the money to pay the expenses of the new boat. He starts building the new one and the old man is able to talk to his old friend that is still alive and helps him to put the old guy in the boat. The new guy goes in and the man starts to enjoy himself. His friends try to get him to stop building the boat and he refuses. The old man helps him put the sailboat together. The boat is now ready to sail and the friends try their best to get the boat to work. When they realize that they cannot work any more, they all decide to give up and go home. The only problem is that the boat is not finished. The friend that the old dude talked to helps him finish the boat by putting the sails on and the boat starts to sail. It takes about a month to finish the new sailboat but it is ready to go.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening sequence is pretty much all you need to know about this film. A group of young men on the run from a dangerous mob, they find themselves in a seedy hotel where the only things around them are a pool table, some porno magazines and a very pissed-off waitress. What they find out soon is that it's not just the pool table that is dangerous: there's a whole other world inside this hotel as well.   From there on it's a very interesting story about how the mobsters (not the mafia but the "big boss" type) have taken over the whole hotel, and the mobster boss in charge has been murdered by one of his henchmen. The group have to fight their way through the hotel, trying to get out of it before they are caught.  It's a pretty good story, but not as good as it could have been. The plot is very simple, the group of guys are trying to escape from a bad guy and one of the guys has to find a way to escape to safety. The problem is that they're constantly on the move and the film doesn't really make a lot of use of the hotel. It's really just a place to hang out and watch a porno movie, and a pretty bad one at that.  A lot of the story doesn't make a whole lot of sense and the movie never really takes off.  But the film is still very good and a lot better than it deserves to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie, I thought it was a very good story. I'm a big fan of the old "Batman" cartoons, so I really enjoyed watching this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen this movie before, don't worry. I didn't either. I'd heard a good deal about it from the people I knew. I loved the movie. The characters were unique and the writing was good. I was surprised by the lack of gore, which I was expecting from the name of the movie, and by the fact that the movie is in English.   The plot is a simple one. A group of scientists have made a startling discovery. A man who is not human has been living on a desert island in the Pacific Ocean. The island is off the coast of California and has a large population of monkeys and apes. It's the year 1995. A scientist has discovered that the man is actually an ape, and has been for the past several hundred years. He has been isolated from the rest of the world and has developed a culture of his own.     We follow the scientists as they try to understand the man and get him to come back to civilization. They do this by building a submarine that can travel to the island and find him. They also try to make the man understand the importance of human civilization, and how it is being destroyed by his presence. Eventually they do make contact and the man agrees to come out of his isolated island and help them.   I enjoyed this movie very much. I found it a fun movie to watch and the characters were interesting and original. I thought the film was well done. The plot was interesting and the actors were good. It was also entertaining.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the end, the movie just seems to drag on and on. I don't know why this movie is even being made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "One day I'll be the one that gets the Nobel Prize!"-Tom Cruise "One day, one day, we'll be one people again."-Catherine Bell "We are the human race and we are the survivors!"-John Lennon "The end is near."-Hercules "You have nothing to fear but fear itself."-Fritz Lang "A new age is dawning, and the darkness will not win."-Ozma of Oz "The day will come when the world will know peace, when the darkness shall be banished forever from the earth."-Albert Einstein
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  It's got a few funny scenes, but most of the movie is about how we're going to get rid of these "goddamn hippies".  The movie is a real eye opener, and one of the better films I've seen in a long time.  Rated: 5 stars from 6/20/93
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am an idiot. This movie is not only a great comedy, but it is a fantastic work of art, one that is often praised for its unique style. This is one of the best films ever made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was going to say I saw a lot of bad movies, but I think this one is very good.   It has a lot going for it, especially when the acting is good. I think they nailed the relationship between two very different people.  If you like a good buddy comedy, this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first few minutes of this film were truly beautiful. I am not sure I can recommend this movie, but it is definitely worth watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been thinking a lot about this movie, as it is the first movie I saw that I liked. And I can't say I wasn't wrong! This is a story about a young man who gets a job in a bar that he hates. And the bar has a bad reputation, but he works there anyway, and it doesn't matter because he is the son of a famous, rich and powerful man. It's a comedy, but it's a good comedy! I think it's the first good comedy I've seen. It is about a man who wants to change the world and get rich and famous, and what he does is to make a good joke about himself, and a bad joke about him, and also make a funny movie about the people he works for. It has some good laughs and a few laughs that will make you smile.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't remember the last time I actually sat down and watched a movie.  It seems like I have been doing so a lot recently.  I'm a big fan of horror films.  In my opinion they are the scariest of all the movies.   I like to think that this is an example of how horror can be used to bring a story to life.  A film that will definitely make you feel uncomfortable and unsettled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a way it is similar to   The Godfather.   It is a classic mafia movie with a very strong script, great acting and great direction.  This movie is a must see!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of the movie "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind", but I was never really in love with it. The movie is about a couple of people who go to a motel in a small town and they meet a man that gives them all kinds of things. He gives them his room and a TV set and a car, but the movie really is a bit of a mess. The couple ends up sleeping in the car, which doesn't do it much good because there are no beds and the movie doesn't give us a sense of how much sleep these people really got. There are other problems too. There is a very long scene that has a lot of characters talking to each other about nothing in particular, then there is a scene where someone else is in the room, so it is kind of like they are watching the movie in their own heads. The plot is a mess, too. The character that we have the most fun with in this movie is Johnny, the guy that lives in the motel with the other characters. The other characters are not particularly memorable, either, but they are kind of funny. If you don't like it, you can go back to the book.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I had the chance to see this movie again recently and again I was amused by it and it is well worth a look. It's a funny movie with an old school, classic style. There are some great scenes that make you laugh.  If you like classic movie with great acting then I recommend you to watch this movie and see how it is made."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good, old fashioned, good looking western. The cast is all excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film on opening weekend and I loved it! I think that the actors are very good and the director did a great job on the film. I can not wait to see the sequel!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you have to watch.  The film tells the story of a couple that is having trouble getting pregnant because of their lack of money.  This couple are in a relationship where one of them wants to get pregnant, and the other wants to have sex.  When one of the woman says she wants to see her husband naked, he asks her to look at a mirror to see what he looks like.  I don't know why the wife went home with him and not the other woman.  It is the end of the day, and he has a party to go to.  There are people outside his party that are talking about him.    He walks outside and starts to have a conversation with his party, but then he starts to run, and it looks like he's drunk.  He's not drunk, and there's no sign of alcohol on him.     Then he leaves the party, and as he is running away, he sees a guy who is naked and covered in dirt.     The guy is talking to the woman, and she says "You're not supposed to see that!"    The guy replies, "I'm not supposed.  I'm just looking."    She says, "But why are you naked?  Is it dirty?"    He replies, and then he says, and puts a condom on her and puts his hand over her mouth to shut her up.  That is all the dialogue we get.  Now, the guy walks back to the party.  In the middle of all this, the husband goes to see the guy and asks him to help him get the condom off of his wife.  After he leaves, the woman goes home and tries to get an abortion.  She doesn't have money for an abortion, and wants to ask the man to pay for it.  But, the man says, you'll never get a baby if you keep the baby.  Then he says that the only way you can get a child out of a woman is if she sleeps with another man.  So, she sleeps around with him, and gets pregnant.  At the end, the wife gives birth to a baby girl, who is named after the man who took her virginity.  One thing that really stood out to me about this movie was how close the relationship between the husband and the woman was.  They were very close. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at a friend's house watching a movie on a Thursday night.  They were showing a movie about a couple that goes on vacation.    I have a thing for these people, it has always been that way and I still like to look at them when I get a chance.  The movie is about a man and a woman who go on a vacation to a little island.  When they are not exploring the island they are enjoying themselves at a hotel and when a stranger who is staying at the hotel stops by the man and woman are interested in him and they begin to flirt.  They get into an argument when he leaves and they end up in a fight and the man has to shoot the woman.  I don't think it is a great movie but it was a funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    What can you say about the movie:  A little girl has an imaginary friend that is the world's worst babysitter. The movie is really short and I enjoyed it a lot.  What didn't: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen a couple of good movies in my day.   If it weren't for a few little things like a really bad soundtrack and an overbearing overbearing female lead, I'd be seeing a lot more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film about a great woman. It's a real treat to see a woman who is so much more than a pretty face and a pretty voice, but an incredibly strong, determined woman who does whatever she has to do to survive.  The story is very real and very gripping. It touches on the tragedy of the Holocaust, the brutality of war, the devastation of the war, and the human element of war itself.  As I've said before, this is an important film, and is the kind of film that will not only give you an emotional experience, but will also keep you thinking about the war years and the Holocaust.  It's very easy to love a film like this, it's a very touching film.  And that's a good thing because it's not like there is much heart in it, but it's still a very good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's a lot of people who say that a movie like this is impossible to make. It's just impossible.   From a young age, David Attenborough was destined to be an animal scientist. He's an expert in the subject.  In the 1970's he made documentaries about lions, tigers, leopards, and bears.  Attenbrough's voice is just right for these big, strong animals.  David Attenhurst has a very relaxed and easy-going personality. He loves to spend time with his wife.  He has a soft-spoken, gentle voice that makes you feel relaxed and at ease.  This is a very entertaining and informative movie that will take you away. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're not a fan of the first film, I suggest you do yourself a favor and skip this one. If you like it, then there are some solid laughs in it. I can't say I was particularly impressed by the special effects. I think they are a bit of a letdown for a film that has a lot of heart.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in the theater at a friend's house and it was a nice experience. I didn't think it was going to be as good as the first two episodes but it was. I liked the way it was handled in the beginning. It was an interesting idea and it's pretty good. I'm not sure I will like it as much after the second episode but I guess I'll have to wait and see.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well made movie that has a good plot and good characters. The only downside is the soundtrack. It's really bad, and the lyrics are just as bad.  It would be even better if they had not made it sound like an anti-music film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic movie about an evil genius who turns a good guy into a monster.  I loved it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It is not perfect but it is still a pretty fun movie to watch.  It is one of those movies that you can watch once in a while to get some laughs and then once in awhile to laugh at how dumb the movie is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most obvious reason why this movie is so great is that it has a great cast.  Every actor delivers a great performance, from a little old man who is a bit of a bore to a guy who is kind of like a crazy man.  I would recommend this movie to everyone, no matter what age.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love movies like this. It's not a typical romance, but it's still really, really good.   It's a nice story about two friends. The story is not particularly complicated or deep. It does have a very nice romance with a lot of laughs, but I never got bored of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first time that I am seeing this movie and the first real action scene.  The action scene is really good.    I would say that this is one of the best action scenes in a film that I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . ...   I have seen many bad movies, but this one has to be in the top 5. The writing is great. It was funny, sexy, and dramatic. The sex scenes are great and it had a great soundtrack, which is why I chose it over the "real" movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A funny movie with a good story:  A good comedy with a lot of comedy:  "I'm not a monster, I'm a person. I'm an ordinary guy. I've got a wife and two kids, but I'm also a monster." I'm not sure how you could make a movie like this more funny, but it's one of the funniest movies I've seen in a long time. It's also really well acted and it's a story that has some heart to it, even if it's told in the most absurd of ways.   The film begins with a man named Steve (played by Richard E. Grant) trying to get his son to come to the movies, but when he does, he realizes that the movies are much better when they're in black and white.  In black and White.  The next day, Steve gets a call from his son and he wants him to come in. Steve asks if his son is coming and he says no, but his son does come and he is all alone.  He walks in and there is a lot going on in this movie: Steve is in a fight with a bad guy who has a bunch of guns. He has a pistol and a knife.  There are also a lot more guns in this scene than in the other scenes.  It's a lot like "The Hunger" but in this film, the bad guy doesn't kill anyone.  Steve's wife is in the kitchen preparing for dinner and Steve is at the piano playing.  "There's a terrible fight outside!"  "It's just a movie."  But Steve doesn't want to let the movie end, he has to find out what is going on.  His wife comes into the kitchen and Steve takes her in his arms.  Steve's son is in bed and he hears a noise and goes to investigate.  And we are left wondering, "What the hell is going to happen in the next scene?"   There's a long chase scene.  After all the guns are dropped, they are all found in the guy's house.  They are all in a bunch.  We learn that Steve's son has a bad case of food poisoning and is in hospital.  This scene also has some nice special effects.    It's not too long, but the special effects are quite good and I like the fact that it's not in black-and-white. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie about the true story of a war between a Mexican army and a small band of guerrillas in the mountains of northern Mexico. A Mexican soldier goes missing in the area and his body is found at the bottom of a well. The guerrilla leader, who is a little too young to be the man he claims to be, is captured by Mexican soldiers. The Mexican soldiers are sent to interrogate the guerrillero but instead end up getting drunk. A gunfight breaks out and the guerilla leader manages to escape to a house. The two soldiers who captured him are killed by a drunk Mexican soldier. The rest of the guertos take advantage of the situation to get drunk and try to get revenge. This movie is an example of how to make a Mexican movie without Mexican actors. It is also an example that you do not have to be a Mexican actor to make Mexican movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First of all I need to say I've watched a lot of horror movies over the years and most of them are not bad. I was a big fan of the Halloween series and I always wanted to see another Halloween movie. This one is good. I love the characters. I don't think this movie is as scary as the Halloween movies but it is still good and I enjoyed it. I think the movie will be seen by many. I have only watched a few movies this year so I'm not sure how good it will be but I'm sure it's going to be great.
Write a positive review about a good movie:     I have seen this movie a number of times, I think I watched it about 5 times as a child, and it never gets old.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always liked the first two seasons of this show and it's nice to see that the show still has a little bit of life in it.   The story is set up as a revenge story and there are some really nice twists and turns in the story.  The show is definitely a character driven show but there is a nice balance in the show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this on my first day at the cinema and I was quite shocked that a story like this could be set in a post apocalyptic future.   It is set in the near future where the USA has been destroyed by a war between the aliens, the "Kaiju" and the humans.  They are all on a one world paradise, but all the good things in the world are wiped out in a nuclear explosion.  There are three major factions in the movie: The Kaiju, the humans and the United States.  I really liked the characters of the humans because they were just like the humans we know and love.  This movie was a bit too fast paced for me, but it was fun to watch.  It had some of the best special effects ever to be put in a movie, and I thought it was quite a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well made, well acted and has a lot of action.  As for the ending, it is a bit odd.  It is a little disturbing to see the movie ending this way, but it is only a little bit strange.  The ending to the movie is as it should be, a bit more interesting then the rest of the movie.  I enjoyed this movie a lot and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys action movies and doesn't mind a bit of weirdness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, fun film!  The humor is just right, the characters are well-drawn, and there is a great romance at the heart of the film.  I can't wait to see how the rest of the series develops.    I recommend this film to all who enjoy the silly antics of the Smurfs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie a lot. The acting is great and the script is funny and fun. It is well made and the plot is not too complicated. It's a good way to pass a good long afternoon.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't find it offensive but I was pretty surprised. I don't see why anyone would find it to be offensive.  It is a very well done movie.    This was one of the first movies that I ever saw and I found it to have a good story and an interesting premise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was not a bad movie.   The story is very good.  In addition to that, the acting is good, and the music is very, very good!   I'm going to give it an 8 out of 10 because it's not a "bad movie", it's a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a fan of the movie, it's pretty damn fun. There are lots of laughs and good characters. I found it to be a little short and had to go back and watch it again to make sure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the most fun films I have ever seen. The story is quite clever and the action is really well done. I will admit I was skeptical about the whole thing at first. It's a story about a man who tries to get out of a job he hates, but who can't help getting involved in a dangerous game with a crazy lady. The acting is good throughout, but there are two or three scenes where the director just goes out of his way to put a smile on the audience's face.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't watched this movie since it came out but I have to admit that it is a pretty good film.   It's not very long but it does a good job of showing what a horrible time World War I was.  And it shows how horrible things are after the war.  It does a nice job of telling the story of a couple of brothers from Minnesota who go off to France to find a brother who was fighting with the French Army.  But it does not have the same emotional pull as a good War movie should have.  There are some funny moments but nothing really special.  I'm glad I was able to see it because I do have some pretty good memories from my Grandfathers War days. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot was rather interesting. The movie started off with a few short scenes, some of them quite funny. Then the main plot started to unfold. The film is mostly about a woman who becomes a housewife. She is not very good at it, but the main character is so well developed that it is difficult to stop watching. The plot does not really end, but does become interesting again in the second half. The ending was not particularly dramatic, but rather quite satisfying. It was a good, though not great, movie. I can see why it was so successful in the United States.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a great movie. It's like a cross between a movie about a zombie and a horror movie. You see, a young man gets the "Cursed Eye" and finds himself under the spell of a young girl. They soon start getting into trouble.   This movie is very good. It has great acting, great gore, and a good plot. It would have been good if the movie had a bit more violence, but it's a pretty good movie and I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film starts with a close up of the eye of the beholder. The next thing we see is a large black cat with a small human body attached to its back. The body is not a human body but a large cat body. The cat has two small feet which are attached to the cat's back by a piece of string. The person inside the cat is a young man who has a red, blue and white striped suit. This cat is the product of a man who is in a catatonic state, so it is possible that he is in the mental asylum. When we first see him he is trying to get out of his catatonia. The other cat has to help him, but unfortunately it does not help him much. The first cat seems to be trying to be helpful and the second cat is too busy trying to keep its tail from going off and the first cat's head is out of its mouth. The film moves along at a very slow pace, with the cat trying to escape the men who are trying to restrain him and try to get back to the people in the building.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like horror movies, then look no further. This is one of the best horror movies out there, if not THE best horror movie out there. It's a really fun movie, a good action flick with a really dark and scary storyline.   The film starts out with a little boy and his friend getting into a fight. The kid gets hit and the friend gets killed. The boy goes to his mother who says he has a strange dream about a demon coming to kill him.  The second thing that makes this movie a must see is the soundtrack.  A great song by a band called 'The Doors'. This is also a very good movie to watch with a group of friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's about a group of kids who come to town to spend the summer. They go to the beach and start playing soccer and basketball. One of the kids (the kid with the ball) throws a ball at a dog and it gets stuck in a fence. The dog runs over the fence, but the dog can't get out because of the gate. The boy comes along and puts the ball back in the dog's mouth, and the dog runs away. The kids get back to the house and have a nice time. It's a really good movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a very fun film.   The story is fun.  It's a little slow, but that's the fun of a short film. It has great performances and some funny scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story begins with a man named Jim, who has been accused of being a serial killer. It is revealed that he is actually the victim of a botched robbery, which left him with a head injury. Jim has been able to find a way to survive his head injury and a few weeks later, he's still around. But, a new girl named Amy has been introduced into the picture. She claims to be a nurse and can save Jim's life. However, Jim isn't so sure about that. He has a girlfriend and a job at a local restaurant. I felt like the movie was trying to be clever, but it didn't really succeed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am in love with this movie, so much that I have seen it twice. The first time was at a summer festival and I was in my parents car in a little town called "The Haunting" in the state of Virginia, I remember it well. I can't believe I didn't go to college. It was a small town that has a high concentration of people that go to Virginia Tech. It's a college town and has a great history. I don't know what to say except to say I am glad to be living in the country. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have watched many a movie that has been rated as 'good' or 'great' but this is the first movie that made me smile! The story was good and the ending was amazing. I was laughing and crying at the same time!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with Two Brains" is a great movie that combines both sci-fi and comedy in a well-made movie.  The sci-fie was not too bad as it was just a few minutes before the "real" movie starts, but the comedy in the movie was great, especially the first 30 minutes or so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie   The movie was just okay but that is what the movie is about   If you want to watch a good action movie this is the one   It does a good job of making you feel like a badass in the middle of nowhere with a bad ass gun   A little more of a character study would have been nice   Don't watch this movie if you want a good gun fight  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of the time, I'm just like a kid, I play video games all day, I watch a lot of TV, and I like to draw pictures, but in this movie, I had a blast.   It's an action packed adventure, and a good, well-written story.  I was really surprised at how much I liked this movie!   There were a lot more things to like, and it was really fun.  This is a must-watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "It's a good picture and a good story, but it's also a really funny one."  - Peter Travers  What a wonderful film!  I enjoyed it very much.  It's not as fast as it seems, and it's not so fast that it's boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you don't have the patience to wait in line for two hours, just go and see this movie!  I've heard it's a pretty good movie.  The film is shot in black and white and the story is told from the perspective of an English teacher, Mr. Ritchie, who teaches in a small town.  Mr. Rittie is a well-respected teacher, who has a very good relationship with his students.   He lives with his wife, who is a great cook, and his son, who, when asked what he would do in a situation like this, replies:  'Well, my father is a priest and I'm a Catholic so I guess I would run like hell and hope to die.'
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard that a good ol' Western called "Dancing in the Dark" was being made I got my tickets and saw it with a smile. It wasn't a "good" Western; it was a good old fashioned western and that is what I loved about it.  The music was good and the dialogue was good.  I don't think the movie was that good in my opinion but I think it was pretty good for a Western. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first and only movie from the director of The Thing that I ever saw was about a group of explorers, who discover an abandoned nuclear facility, and proceed to use it for a variety of purposes, such as: a nuclear power plant, a rocket ship, a nuclear reactor, a secret research facility, a hospital, a library, a bar and a nightclub.   This movie is actually the second in a trilogy, so the first one should be seen first.  The plot was good and there were a lot of interesting things happening, such a: the nuclear powerplant (which is the most awesome thing I've ever seen, it seems to have been used for a very long time, even though it is not on line anymore), the rocketship (which looks very futuristic), the nuclear reactor (which was pretty cool), the secret research laboratory (it was pretty creepy), the hospital, the library and the nightclub. The ending was very good too, with the scientists finding a way to bring a nuclear waste to earth without using any kind of nuclear bomb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - March 16, 2007Hmmm, it is not very good. It is a bad movie with no heart at all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a great film. A film I would like to see again. I think it was made in Germany. I am not sure if the title was a mistake, it was a German movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to start with the movie review and then the movie itself. I love it! This movie is an odd one in the sense that it has a lot of different types of music in it. It has a rock band called The Dukes, which is the band of the title. The Dukes are a bunch of lovable losers and a bad guy. The bad guy is played by a guy who looks like John Travolta. They also have a couple of guys in the background that look like Tony Danza. I didn't really like the song that was used to set the scene, so I'll let you decide if it was the right song for the scene. The rest of the music is also good and I loved the movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first thing that comes to mind about this film is its simplicity. The story of a poor man who works at a coal mine in the mountains and goes on an adventure with his wife in a big train. The scenery, the music, the costumes are all very good and the way they are shot gives the impression of being shot on a stage.   The second thing that I like about this movie is the way it presents itself.  This movie is set in a world of mountains, mountains and more mountains.  A couple of scenes at the beginning and the end were quite dramatic. I like how the director tried to create a feeling of isolation by putting the main character in a train and giving the other characters only a silhouette and giving no information about them.  I found the story very interesting. The main character was really strong and his attitude toward the world is very strong. I was quite surprised to see that the characters in this movie were all white people.  I found it interesting to see the contrast between the white people and the black people. It seemed that white people really have a strong sense of culture and history.  It was interesting to find out how people were reacting to the different types of people who lived there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those that I am glad I did watch.    The movie is about a family in the middle of the Depression.  This is a family with one of the most unique stories ever told.  They were farmers who were hit by the Great Depression, they lost everything.  Their father was killed by the Depression and their mother suffered a serious illness.  The father and mother were in the process of having a baby, but the baby died at birth.  Then there was a tragic turn of events.  One of the boys was a boy who did not know he was a girl.  It was very hard for him to accept this, and he began dressing in a way that made him very different.  And one day when the boy was playing at the school playground, he had a dream that he became a girl, and that his parents took her to the church and told her she was going to hell.  So, in her final moments, she begged her parents to take her back to the world that she knew.  She knew that she was in hell, but she knew she was not going to be there forever.  Her parents decided to take their son to the Catholic Church and tell him that he would be with her forever.    The story of this movie is amazing.   It is a love story between a girl who is in love with her mother, and her father who loves his daughter.  I also loved that this movie took place in the late 1920's.  At the time, many things were very different, and this was one of them.  There was a lot of discrimination in this country against gays, and even today there is still a lot that we don't know about.  However, it is wonderful to see a film about a love between two people who do not know they are different.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that it's been 10 years since I first saw the first movie, "Crimson Tide." It is a great film.  If you can look past the fact that this was directed by a guy who also directed "Pomp and Circumstance" and "Jaws," and is one of those great filmmakers who has a tendency to get too caught up in himself (as he does in "Pleasantville" and his last movie, the remake of "Mommie Dearest"), you will enjoy this movie.   Crimestorm has the ability to create scenes that will stay with you.  You can see it again and again.  I love the music and the story is wonderful.  My favorite character is "Mr. Gately" and I loved the way that he talked.  It's funny that I love this movie so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to give it to director Terry Gilliam. His adaptation of the great novel about the exploits of the French resistance against the Nazis has a lot of things going for it. It's got a great cast, great costumes and effects, a good screenplay and is a fine movie. The main character, an Englishman who is a member of the Resistance, is a real character and we have an interesting view into his mind. He's a good actor and the movie is really good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A young boy is kidnapped and held for ransom. The girl has been sold to an older man and is forced to take on the role of his girlfriend. As the kidnapping takes place the girl's father is out of the country, and her mother is in jail.   As the kidnapping is about to begin, the girl has a vision of the future where she is the main heroine of the story. As she and the father are on a boat, they are attacked by pirates. The pirate who has been captured has a scar on his face, which is the scar the girl sees in the future. The mother is taken away by the pirates as well. The father is taken to the pirate's camp and then is set upon by the other pirates, but he escapes. The pirates capture the father and set him to work on the slave ship, where the girl is also working. The boy sees the scar, and has a dream that he is a hero. He is a great warrior and rescues his father. After rescuing his father, he rescues the mother and then leaves for home. As he is walking home he is attacked by two of the pirates. One of the men is wounded and the girl saves him. They return to the girl, who is pregnant with the child. He has a baby, a girl, and he and his mother go back to their village. The baby is named after the man who saved him in the dream.    The movie is very well done. The story is easy to follow, the acting is very good, and there is a very strong, if not quite perfect, ending.  A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've had a love/hate relationship with the character of John Travolta since I was a teenager. He's a tough, funny and very serious actor who always makes me laugh. This film is one of his best and I love the way it was shot. The film shows Trav's true character and is an amazing film to watch. It's a good way to spend a Sunday afternoon or to relax after a long day. I don't know if I would ever want to go to the theater or watch another one of these films, but it was a good watch and I wish there were more like it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A bit of a slog through the first act. The second act is better, but it still is just a bit of filler.  The movie was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen the last two movies but if I did it would be like a bad movie and a bad sequel.  This movie is about a bad guy (who can be a good guy in the right movie) who is trying to take over the world.  I don't think there are any jokes in this movie.    The best part about this movie is the soundtrack, I have listened to the soundtrack and there is nothing like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a fan of "The Godfather" and "The Sopranos". But the movie "The Devil and Daniel Johnston" (1984) has to be one of the greatest movies ever made. I remember that I was in a movie theater in the early '80's and this movie was playing when a very handsome man walked in. I had seen the movie before and I thought it was a very interesting movie. But he came in and took my attention because he was very handsome and had a beautiful smile. He had very beautiful eyes and a beautiful mustache. He asked me if I was a fan and I said yes. He said he was a professional gambler who had won the lottery. He told me how he had won a million dollars in one night. He also said he would not be doing this kind of acting unless he had a million dollar bonus. I asked him if he would accept that offer and he said no. He wanted more. He would be a millionaire and he wanted a new Cadillac to put in his new house. I didn't really understand what he was talking about and I was wondering why he would want a new car and he was saying he had to get married. I thought he was crazy. But then I started to get a little interested. Then I noticed he was wearing a diamond ring and I asked if he had ever won a hundred grand. He looked up at me and said, "Well, I think I did. I've got a hundred thousand dollars and I got to get my marriage in order." Then he said he'd like to have a meeting with the president of the United States. I said, no way. He could not get a meeting of that magnitude. But I thought maybe he could get a couple of hundred thousand. He then asked me what my favorite color was and I replied, "I'm not sure. I don't like colors." Then I said something about a blue dress and he looked at me strangely. I was trying to be funny and he wasn't getting it. Then he asked me where I was from and I told him I was born in Canada. He laughed and said he had been to Canada once before and that he didn't like it. But at that moment I saw the possibility of a real friendship. Then one of his managers called me and he asked if I would be willing to meet him in Las Vegas. He needed a singer to help him promote a casino in Las Angeles. He was going
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen many horror movies like this. I thought it was a good idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been searching for a good comedy movie since I first saw "MASH." It has that good old American spirit of humor and sarcasm that is just right for me.   The story is set in a country that is trying to get out of the Depression. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is an adventure and adventure is an action movie so the action is intense and exciting. But this movie is much more than that, it is a very nice adventure and a great film.        
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot. The movie is about a couple of people who are trying to run away from their problems. It is very realistic, but at the same time very weird. I'm glad that it's been released because it's a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the first, if not the first film of the 80s. I watched it in theaters on a Sunday afternoon when I was 8. It was a nice way to spend a Saturday afternoon.  The film was made in 1984, and is a sequel to the 1985 original.    It follows a group of kids that have a camp and have to get their stuff together for their summer camping trip.  I liked this film.  It was very kid friendly and I enjoyed it.  The plot was a little convoluted and I think I missed out on a few things.  There are a few lines of dialogue that could be cut out of the film, but that is a minor complaint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie with such an obvious agenda as a remake of a classic film, you can expect to see a lot of the usual cliches, but it doesn't take long for the movie to reach the top of its game.  I thought it was interesting how the movie takes place in the same town as the first one, and the story seems to be taking a lot more place in this town than the first.  "The original and the only one." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's been said before that there is no point in having a sequel to a movie. Well, there isn't, but there is a third act that takes the movie to new levels of excellence. I will never forget the last five minutes of this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My brother-in-law and I watched this movie on a Thursday night. The movie was great. The music was good. The acting was good, but not good enough. The plot is too stupid to be taken seriously. This movie is a joke. I could laugh at it for hours. The cast and crew made me laugh all the way through. It is a shame that a movie of this quality was made. I hope that it was well-received. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie a few years ago and it's one of those movies I've seen several times. It is one of the best films I have ever seen, a movie that has it all, great acting, amazing story, good music, and the most surprising ending. It's a must watch movie for anyone who likes good movies and good acting.  So enjoy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not only great, but a lot of fun. It's a fun, light, action filled adventure about a team of mercenaries who are hired to retrieve a key that can open the door to the city of Chorlton, UK, and help the British Empire in their war against the German Empire. However, the city is not exactly safe for them to enter, so the main characters have to use stealth to get to the door.   I can only give this movie a solid 4/5. The movie does have some interesting moments and has some funny scenes, but it does not reach the heights that the first two movies did. This movie does a very good job of telling a story, but does not hit the high notes that the previous two movies have hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As you may have heard, John Carpenter's The Thing  is a classic of sci-fi horror, with a strong cast, a fantastic set design and a good, creepy story. It's a shame the movie didn't get better reviews, as I don't think it deserves them.   The movie is a bit short at about two hours, but it's a good little story.  In it, the crew of a salvage ship stumble across a strange creature that is slowly eating away at the ship's structure. It turns out that the creature is a living machine made of ice that is being driven to destroy the ship. The thing begins to attack the crew, and we can see that they are not the only ones at risk, as the ice machine is very, very fast.  There are a couple of decent effects, and the ice is well rendered.  One of the biggest problems I had with the movie is the fact that we never see the monster until the very end of the movie, when it is nearly finished with the crew.  The rest of the time it just creeps up on us.  I'm not sure how well Carpenter knew what he was doing, but this is an example of how not to do a movie.  A lot of the scenes in the movie are very cheesy, and this is very true of the story. I'm just not sure why the writers were so hell-bent on making this movie as bad as it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a very good film, with some interesting twists and characters, but it doesn't get much deeper than that.   The film is a great tribute to both the classic genre of the '20s and the post-war cinema of the 1940s and 1950s, and it shows how well the techniques were used.  As for the movie itself, it's a simple story: the young director (Ewan McGregor) is hired to make a silent movie for a wealthy businessman (Michael Gambon), who is determined to keep the movie from the public. The result is a movie about the artist's pursuit of his art, which is as pure and beautiful as the artist himself.  This is not a film for those who think that silent films were bad. This is a film that is about a great artist, a great composer and a great director, and all that is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The good:  Well, this was a good old fashioned cowboy flick. The script is simple, but it is not simplistic. The story is simple and the characters are simple, as well.   It is a good film, and it is a fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Matrix" is a film which does not have a story, but it does have a good plot, good acting, and a lot of good special effects.  The action scenes are very good, and the effects, while they may not be the best in the movie, are good enough to satisfy even the most demanding fans of special effects, especially in the Matrix.  The action is also excellent in the other scenes in the film, but that is really where the story of "The Matrix is found.    The plot revolves around two different groups of humans: the Resistance, and their leader Neo, and The Machines.    Neo and the Resistance are two sides of the same coin: both sides fight against The Machines, who are a group of humans who were infected with a virus which caused them to go into a catatonic state.  They are the same virus which causes the humans in "The Terminator" to become robotic.  Neo's mission in this movie is to save humanity from the Machines.   The film has a great ending: a robot tells Neo that he can save humanity, but only if he gives up on the idea of being a savior, and starts fighting instead.  In the final fight, Neo kills The Machines and is able to save himself.  It is a great action scene and a great story, which is told well and is very well-acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie.   It had a good story line and it had an interesting and unique art style that was good.  My only criticism is that there were times when I wanted to watch a few more episodes and skip over the rest of the movie, which I guess was the point of the story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie and I love how they did it.   It's a great comedy and a great story.   "I don't want to make love to you, but I want to fuck you" - Don Rickles
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It was an amazing ride with great performances from the entire cast.  The ending is quite awesome, and it is an emotional ride, but it is also a very fun movie.  I loved the way that the story was told, and I loved seeing the different places that the characters visited.  It is really an enjoyable movie that will make you smile and laugh throughout the whole thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movie i've seen in the past few years. The story is interesting, it's action packed and the plot twists are amazing. I really enjoyed the story and characters in this movie, i'd recommend it to anyone who likes a good action movie, with great story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is about a couple of people who live in the woods and who make a living by hunting. One of the main characters, a young boy, is killed by a bear. His mother, a woman who is married, gets her husband to join her in the hunt for the bear. One day, the husband goes out hunting alone, and his wife is upset about it, but she tries to forget it. But she soon starts feeling sorry for him, and she makes an attempt to come to terms with the fact that she doesn't know what she wants to do. The next day, they find a bear that has been killed, but the young man and the woman find that the bear was not killed by the bear, but by a young girl who is walking around naked. In order to stop the girl, the two men get a bear trap and go back to the woods to hunt her down. I found this movie very interesting and interesting, very interesting. I felt sorry for the woman who was pregnant, and I also felt sorry that her husband had to go out to a bear hunt alone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only good thing about this movie is the music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As the title says, this is the sequel to  A Ghost Story. It is very good.   This movie has a lot of laughs. It is also very scary, as it was made in the 1960's, but I would say it is the first of its kind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always loved the original movie, and was so happy to see that it was made into a new one, and that a remake was made of it.   The original movie was a beautiful movie, with a lot of heart and a good message.  There are a lot more people alive who can relate to the characters, and to their situations.  The movie was made in 1965, and the actors and the movie itself is much better than it looks.  If you love a good story about people and their difficulties, and are tired of all those modern movies that are all about fighting, and destruction, and want a more realistic look at life and a message about helping others to come together and survive, then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to give this movie a "meh" rating.  It was not good but it was not bad.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little bit of everything.  The story follows a father, his son, and their young neighbor, who goes off to a college in a town of 30,000.    It's a little slice of Americana that has a little bit something for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so disappointed when the trailer came out that I couldn't watch it. I thought it was going to be a terrible film, but I was pleasantly surprised.  This is a movie that I think everyone should watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had to wait a few years to see this movie, which I loved! It had all the right elements of a good time, even if the plot had some annoying elements. The acting is great, especially from the three actors, who all do a great job of showing their emotions and being human.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a great time watching this movie.  This is one of those rare comedies that will entertain you in between some very serious stories.    One thing I didn't like about this movie was that it was shot in the style of "I Married a Married Woman."   I don't like that style of movie as much as "Bram Stoker's Dracula" because it is not scary, it is just a movie about a guy who gets married, has children, and starts to lose it.    I am glad that this movie had a successful run and I look forward to seeing more of this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... the first time I saw it I thought it was really good. The only thing that is a little bit unusual is that the girl gets hit by a train..  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is about a little boy and his dog named Fido. The film takes place in a town where everyone has a dog. Fido is a real character and a real boy. I thought this film was very funny, and had a lot of heart.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the more interesting movies that I've seen in a long time. I've always found the premise of the movie to be interesting, as the two main characters are a woman and a man who have been together for over a decade, but they are separated due to an accident that takes place. The movie shows the emotional ups and downs of these two, as they try to get back together, but their emotions get in the way of each other, and as the movie progresses, the feelings of the characters start to really become a part of the story, making the movie more emotional than it needs to be. This movie really is worth watching, and it's interesting enough to keep you interested for the entire run time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good watch and very different than other films like this I have seen.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A story about a man who has lived in the United States for many years. He has an American wife and two American daughters. He lives with his family in a comfortable house in a quiet neighborhood. The neighbors are very friendly, but there is a strange feeling about the place. One morning the house is visited by a man dressed in a black cloak who claims to be a "reverend." He offers to sell the house to the family for a fair price. The family refuses the offer and the Reverend leaves. The next day the house again is visited. The Reverend is back and the family accepts the sale offer. The house is now empty and the residents move out. The children are left to their own devices. Years later the children are taken away by a mysterious woman. The woman's face is a mask. Her name is Marionette. The mysterious woman is obsessed with Marionette and wants to know about her past.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best films of the year and a must watch for anyone who loves a good sci-fi film.   The movie is based on the novel "The Machine Stops" by Orson Scott Card.  I have seen it several times over the years and have always found it to be an interesting and unique sci- fi film. The main characters are a couple in a marriage of convenience who have an old mechanical man in the garage who can be set to any direction. The husband is a little bit crazy and has been experimenting with the machine for a few years.  I was impressed by the plot and characters.  The film's plot is based off the novel and was very interesting to watch.  It is not exactly science fiction but a good blend of the two.  There are some nice visuals and a good sense of humor throughout.  This is one of those films that you will either love or hate, it depends on how you look at it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the hands of a competent director, this is an entertaining tale of love, betrayal, greed and corruption.   The screenplay is well written and has some great dialogue.  This is an enjoyable film and you should see it if you are a fan of romantic comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie and the special effects are really good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an American-made movie about a young boy (Tommy Lee Jones) who lives with his grandfather in rural Kansas. Tommy has a terrible time dealing with his grandmother, but he does have some good friends. One of them is Tommy's cousin, who he meets at a country dance. When Tommy goes home, he is horrified to find that his aunt (Joan Crawford) has been replaced by a woman who looks exactly like his grandmother (Elizabeth Taylor).   The film is not a very good movie, and some of the acting is really bad, but the film has a great set-up, and the music is just perfect.   I would like to see this movie a second time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all: a movie about a man who is constantly on the lookout for something to do, and he does it by being a cop. The only thing missing is a good soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie takes place in a fictional version of the city of L.A. called Los Angeles. The movie is about a young boy named Alex, a geek who has an imaginary friend named Rascal, a wild boy who wants to get into trouble. The story goes a bit like this: One day, Rascal goes to visit Alex in his house and Alex gets scared and he calls the police. The cops arrive at Alex's house and arrest Alex, who is then taken to the police station and is asked what happened. Alex says that a wild animal attacked him. The wild animal is Rascal and he does not like Alex, because Alex did not protect him. Alex then asks Rascal to get Rascal a ticket to a circus. Rascal is so scared that he does it, but then he falls and breaks his arm. The doctors say that he has to wear a cast for the rest of his life and that he is going to have a big cast. The cast is so big that he will be crippled for the next 15 years. Alex is so mad at Rascal that he punches him, and Rascal then punches Alex in the face. Alex gets the cops to stop the circus, and then he says he will go to the circus and get R Pascal a ticket. The circus is about to leave, but Rascal gets a bad case of the shakes and so does Alex. The next day, Alex finds out that Rascal has a bad habit of getting sick and then gets sick again. This time Alex is able to get him a doctor and R Pascal goes to the doctor. The doctor says that R Pascal is sick because he has a huge cast. Alex finds that R. Pascal's cast is too big for him to fit in and so he gets him a smaller cast. He also says that it is not fair that R, Pascal has to get a cast so big for his own good, because he is a big boy. Alex tells the police that R is a wild wild boy and the cops find Rascal. R.Pascal gets mad at Alex and says that he should get R.F. for the circus. Alex throws Rascal in the back of the police car and they go to get the circus tickets. The police find R. F. at the police office and Alex runs into the police department and gets R. Flynn and they leave the police and go to find R Pascal. The whole thing is really funny, so it is
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been thinking about this film a lot lately. It is one of those movies where the story is a little off, the characters are a little flat, the story itself is a bit of a mess, but the acting is wonderful. The movie has all of the things you would expect: beautiful cinematography, a great story and wonderful performances. I'm not sure if I'd recommend it, but I definitely think it's worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to say that this was a really good movie. And that's not an easy thing to do. I would have loved to have seen a more positive view of how a family can go wrong. I also think that the ending would have been better if they had not made the baby's parents the bad guys.  The movie also had a great soundtrack by the late, great John Barrymore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know if I have ever seen a movie that I was so pleased with after watching it.   I mean, I like movies, and this is one of my favorite movies.  I liked the way the movie was shot, the action was great, the humor was funny, the actors were great, and it didn't take a lot to make me happy.  If you like action movies, like I do, and enjoy a good story, you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen a movie this good since Jaws and I don't think it will ever happen again.   The movie has a nice action sequence and a good plot.     It is not so easy to be the king of the castle when the king is the evil witch and she has the magic mirror that can make the king fall into the water. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent film with many good actors. It is based on a true story. It was about a young man who came to America to study at a boarding school. He found it very strange to the locals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen many films in my life, but none of them were as fun as this one! The movie is all about the love between a man and a cat. There are so many funny moments in this movie. My favorite is when the man says, "If you have any ideas what to do with that cat, you'll have to wait until after the film." I love it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good story, good acting and good direction. It does a great job of taking you to the places in the book that will make you want to go back and find out what's really going on.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  This movie will entertain anyone who is a fan of this great director.  The special effects are fantastic.  There is a nice sense of humor in this movie.    I am in the mood for a good story and this movie does a great job at delivering.   There is a lot to like about this movie:      The film is good at delivering the story.     The actors are great and there are no cliches.  I can not wait for the next movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a man who is trapped in a room with a woman who has killed a child, and a child whose mother has died from eating a bad piece of bread.  In the film the wife kills herself with a knife.  An absolutely beautiful film.    I like to watch this film when I feel the coldness of winter and the warmth of a spring day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie!   I think this is the best movie ever made and I am not exaggerating at all.   This movie is really good and is a real blast to watch.  The acting is superb.  They really make this movie look so good!  The music is also great.  It is an interesting movie and I really wish this movie was made a long time ago. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a nice action movie with good performances.  It also has a nice story to it.    Posted by Jeff Haney at 11:08 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a very unusual, strange, and sometimes quite funny story. It is about two men who are in a car accident and then are saved by a mysterious woman who is a UFO expert. The movie has some very weird moments and some really bizarre effects, including one that is very strange. The best part of the movie is the ending which I can only describe as strange. I can't say I have seen anything like it in my life.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of this movie, but I'm not sure if it's a great movie.  It does have a few moments of greatness, but the rest is really just boring.  The main character, John Travolta (yes, he's a movie star), is a good actor and he does play a pretty good role, but he does the character a disservice.  He's a bit of a dweeb, but it is easy to see how he became famous.  His first movie was in The Godfather: Part III, so there's a certain kind of naivety that goes along with his fame.  And it's not like he has a great attitude about it.  I think it's more that he is just so very naive about the world and he's never experienced anything like it.      But this movie is not really about John T.  It's about his friend, a beautiful woman named Cindy, who has been in love with John T for years.  But the film doesn't really take any of the time to develop this relationship.  When it does it's kind of cheesy, and the movie doesn't seem to have any kind of connection with the real world at all.   The best thing about the movie is the dialogue, and it's great.  What makes this movie work is that it's about people who are a little bit stupid, a little more naive, and a little less intelligent.  These are people who make mistakes, and are usually very good at apologizing.  There is something almost poetic about this movie: it's funny, but at the same time it's sad.  Rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been meaning to watch this film for a while, but never really had the time to watch it. This movie has some pretty good action and a really great plot.     This film is also a great example of how to portray a world in which men and women of the same sex are totally in love with each other, while living under a dictatorship.  A man of the opposite sex is chosen as the Emperor of a small, medieval kingdom. This is an opportunity that comes up a lot of times in history and it seems to be coming up again now.  He has no children, but his mother and sister are all lovely and well-off.  The Emperor is chosen by his brother, the Duke, as a son in his place because he has been the best of all of his brothers in everything.  This is a really good film, and has a lot to recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie, we are introduced to the character of the father of our protagonist, who is an average man. He gets into an accident that leaves him paralyzed from the waist down. He falls into a coma and is in a comatose state for the rest of his life. The doctor tries to keep him alive with his machines, but they don't seem to help him much. One day, our hero awakens and discovers that he is able to speak again. We are introduced in his home where his son has moved in. It seems that his wife has had a child and left him. He becomes very upset and tries to get his son to leave. But he soon finds that he has grown to love this boy.   I found this movie quite entertaining and had some laughs along the way. The story was interesting, and I hope that there will be a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most amazing films I have seen in a long time. I really loved the story line, and the characters. The film does have a bit of a twist ending though, so don't go into it thinking you'll see a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is really funny, a lot of people like it, it is the only comedy movie I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure many of you have seen this movie.  It was released in 1981 and it stars the wonderful Gene Hackman as a man who has just become a father.    As the father watches a movie on his wife's TV the wife is killed in a car accident.      I found this movie very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been watching this movie for a while and I keep coming back for more!   A great movie and a nice one too.   Recommended.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, with excellent production values, and a wonderful performance from all of the cast.  There are no cheesy moments, and the acting is top notch.  If you like the old-fashioned good guys in this genre, you'll like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm pretty sure that I'm going to enjoy this movie.   It's an interesting concept.  It was written by a man who's been a writer for quite a while.  He uses his own life as a way to portray the hardships that people have to go through.  The way he describes these hardships is fascinating.  I found the movie to be very realistic.  My only complaint about this movie is that it's a bit slow.  Maybe I'll try watching it again sometime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the kind of movie that gets me up in the morning: the good parts, the bad parts and the whole movie.   There's a lot of action in this film but not too much.  There are lots of explosions in the movie, but not many.  The action sequences are good, the plot is interesting and interesting characters.  It's a good action movie. The music is great and the ending is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the few times that the title of a movie is the actual movie itself.   There are a lot of different films on this list that could have made this list.  It's a bit hard to choose between them.  But for me, The Godfather was one of my favorite films of all time.  And for the movie, they're pretty much the same.  One is a film about organized crime, one is a mafia film, and one is about a family.  All of them are just really good films.  They all have something to say about organized society, and they all do it well.  The film's not perfect, but there are some really good moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must see movie for any film lover  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was hoping for a more exciting story about a more complicated villain. I guess the villain is just as complex as the hero.   - December 16, 2010The best villain ever
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was very good and I'm glad it is being remade.  I'm not a big fan of sci fi but the story is good and has a lot of twists.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I can't give a more accurate description of the movie: it's one of the greatest comedies ever made. It's based on a true story: an ordinary guy is driving to a friend's house when he gets in an accident with a drunk driver. As you can imagine, things get a bit more complex than this.   The movie is a great combination of comedy and drama: you're laughing hysterically at the ridiculousness of a man who can't drive, but is actually a competent driver. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good action movie that's easy to watch and also has an exciting soundtrack.   I liked this movie and I am sure I will enjoy it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this film is quite funny, at least it's not a boring movie. It has a few funny moments and the characters are quite likeable, especially for a film in which the main protagonist is a little boy who likes to hide under the beds and has a bit of a crush on the young lady who lives there. The film's title "A Boy and a Girl" could be interpreted as a pun, but I can't help but think it's a bit much, and I can think of better titles to be given to a film: "A Little Boy in a Little Lady's House" or "A Lady and a Little Boy" would probably be more appropriate.   The film was made in the 1940's and there are some very old fashioned jokes, for example the little boy asks the lady "How old are you?" and she answers "Five" but he still says "Five?" And so she tells him, "You are only five, and this is my little boy." She then goes on to say that there are other people in the house, who are older than her, but she still doesn't know who they are. She tells the little child that he must go and find out, and that's when he says to her, "I'll show you!" So he takes off his shoes and shoes and socks and puts them in the oven, then he takes out his pocket knife, picks a lock on the door and starts banging it, and the lady tells him to come in. The child says to the lady, "This is my knife!" and the little girl replies, "It is." He picks up a book and then puts it on the stove and puts it back in the book case. The lady asks him to take his shoes off again, and he says "No." Then she says, "Oh dear," and she goes out. The little boy then says to his mother, "If I don't find out who these people are, I won't come back for a long time."   Another good thing about this film: it's got a very strong, well-acted soundtrack. The music is quite good, but it's hard to tell if they were made in Italy or if they're in English.   (review from the DVD booklet)   In a town in the Swiss Alps there lives a little girl who is five years old. One day she hears that she has a brother, but at the moment she
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this movie hilarious. It was a good laugh and it was good to see two comedians going at it for five minutes. I don't know how to rate it but I'd give it a B.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing this movie and I loved it. It had some good action scenes and some really good music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's good to see a new version of the classic sci-fi movie.   A lot has changed since the original.  Some of it is because of the advances in technology, like the fact that we now have replicator movies on television, which means that it's even easier to do a sequel.  The original was very much about a world in which humans were very much a minority.  This movie takes place in the future in which the Earth has been colonized.  That means that the human race is much more united and we've even managed to get a new type of planet, one that is completely hospitable to humans.  It also has been a very long time since the movie has been out on the big screen.  As a result it's a little hard to follow and there are a couple of technical flaws.  One of the biggest problems is that it is hard to understand what is happening, especially with the constant use of time travel and the fact there are so many different types of planets.  There are a lot of plot holes too.  I'm not sure that this movie is going to be able to satisfy everybody, but it does seem to be a very fun ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched the movie on a Sunday afternoon, and it was well worth the wait. It's not a "masterpiece" or a "classic" like so many of the movies about World War II movies. But I can understand the critics who criticize it. The film is not bad. It has a certain je ne sais quoi that is nice to look at, especially during the first half of the movie. The music is good, and the actors all seem to be in good spirits. But the real beauty is in the way that this movie tells the story of the actual events that took place during the war, and how those events were experienced by the people who were involved in them. This movie is not about "what if" scenarios. It is about how the people involved felt and what they did. I can't say that this is a great movie, but it is a pretty good one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has all the elements of a good action movie: lots of explosions, a good storyline, and even a little romance.   The first half of the movie was a typical action movie with lots of stunts and explosions.  After a short break the movie picks up and we see a strange young woman who is traveling to a distant planet to meet a man she just met.  This strange young lady, who goes by the name of Tasha is a member of the Brotherhood of the Crimson King who have an unusual relationship with humans.  The film opens with a close-up of T.C. in her spaceship and a short conversation with her. Tasha wants to meet the man she met on the planet to see what he is like, and to find out how he knows about the Brotherhood.  We get a brief look at the planet and the creatures on it before T.c. flies off into space.  When she arrives, we see that the planet is not what it seems and it turns out to be a secret space station, which is being controlled by an alien.  As T.t. and her fellow Brotherhood members are exploring the station they are captured by the alien and brought to his castle.  Unfortunately for the alien, the only way he can find the young lady he wants is to kill all of the humans on the station.  He also needs a special substance that he can get from a cave near the station so that he is not captured by a woman he knows nothing about.  T.T. and the others are given a chance to escape by the human crew.  With the help of their ship, they escape to the ship of the alien king who was their first contact.  But just as the ship is about to leave, the ship breaks up in mid-air.  What happened to the rest of the crew?  The rest of them are never seen again.  It seems the movie didn't have much of a story.  There is a lot of action but no real character development.  Perhaps that was the intent of the director.  I thought the special effects were a little low budget, but I am not too sure.  Some of the special effect effects were cool and a couple of the characters looked like they were made from plaster.  Overall, the movie is not bad, but it is not anything special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I have seen in a long time.   A good, good, bad, good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole story is very well done, with an impressive set-piece.  It is a movie that should be seen in a dark room, with the lights turned down low and the sound turned off.    When the main characters are in a small town, they discover a little girl lying on a bed, and they all come to the conclusion that she has been killed by a demon.  The little girl is a little demon, who has been raised from a baby and is an important part of the story.  She is the main character, who in many ways resembles the protagonist of the original story.  She is a poor little girl, who is often bullied by the townspeople, and has to watch the other children play in the street.  When she finds out that her mother has died, she runs off to a lonely place, where she falls asleep.  Her only friend is a cat, who helps her in her time of need.  I have to say that I was not a huge fan of the little girl.  They did try to give her a little more personality, and the demon did appear to have a strong resemblance to the main girl.    I think this is a nice little movie.  It is a great adaptation of a very old story, and if you like a little adventure with little demons, then you will like this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the most fun I ever had in a movie was watching it with my dad.  He is an ex-NFL player and is a great storyteller.  He really got me into the movie and we watched it together.    It is a fun movie to watch with family.  I would recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never watched a movie with so many references to the films of the '70s, so many of them actually being good films! The actors are great, and the dialogue is excellent. The story is quite funny and is not so far-fetched as to be ridiculous. If you have never seen a movie like this before, and are curious about it, I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so good I didn't know where to begin. I just had to tell you about this movie because it is a wonderful and enjoyable movie. It has so many great scenes that I would watch again and again. I really do like this movie. I hope you enjoy this movie as much as I did.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great little thriller. The plot is simple: a former Marine and his buddy are looking for a new vehicle to hunt in the woods, when the local police find out about it and come after them. In the end, the cops shoot at them, so the cops get a warrant and go to arrest them. The movie is not so much about the chase as about the way that the characters react to the police action. It is very well done and not overly dramatic.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad that I watched this movie. It's a story about a girl and a dog that gets involved in a lot of bad things.  The movie is good, I didn't get to see a lot, but I did like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  It is a little more "dark" than the typical sci-fi/horror, but it still manages to be scary and entertaining.    In the future, a mysterious, giant "monster" has been unleashed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story follows a group of young men who have their eyes on a beautiful woman. Her parents have just died and they're all mourning. But a series of coincidences makes the woman want to join the young men and she does, although she is scared and uncertain. But the boys soon realize they can't stand to be left alone and they begin to do all sorts of nasty things to make each other happy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a more beautiful, peaceful, and serene scene than what is described in this film. I have never seen an expression of such a great nature, such an amazing, and truly beautiful feeling as this one. The music is amazing and very beautiful. The only negative thing I have to say is that some of the characters seem to be more like puppets than real people. The whole movie is like this. I wish I could have seen it again, because it is one of the best films I've ever seen.  Review written by: Chris P.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of the old horror films. I watched them over and over as a child, and have watched them many times since. I really enjoy the horror genre. This movie was like a good horror movie. It had a lot of action, and it also had some great music.   This is a film that has a great plot. I am not going to go into too much detail about the plot, but there were some great scenes. The story was a little over the top at times, but the movie was fun and made me smile a few times.  I am not a big horror fan, but I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of this movie is fantastic and the movie has a really good balance of humor and heart.   I love it when a movie starts with a scene with a man walking around with a baby and the baby's father.  I have never liked the baby in these movies because he is always a bit too "dumb" to make me feel anything, but in this one he is not a total dolt and when he falls down he doesn't fall all the way down.  If you like the first movie, you will like this one too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is about a guy who goes to a local casino to win a hundred bucks, and ends up winning a whole hundred thousand bucks.   He then spends it all in the casino, which he enjoys immensely.  The story line is good, but the movie has a few flaws.  It's funny, but there are a few plot holes and the ending is just a little rushed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Bagboy" is the perfect blend of comedy, adventure and romance.  With a lot of heart and lots of laughs, this is a classic tale of love and adventure that I will be re-watching over and over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't help but say this is a great movie!  The plot is interesting and keeps me guessing.  It's a bit slow and the ending is kind of sad but that's what makes the movie great.  The story takes place at a private high school in San Francisco.    There are several different stories that all have to do with the school. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pretty bummed that the original film I saw was so terrible. I'd seen it on a DVD set but I haven't seen it in a long time. This is a good film. The action is good, the story is decent. I like it when a good villain is involved in a good action film. There's no real plot to the film other than a group of friends going on an adventure. It's got the good ol' '80s "we've got to get out of here" action and the action is fun and intense. I liked it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an awesome movie! I really like it and I think that I will watch it a lot! I like the way it is made and it is funny and the cast are good!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only reason why I don't give this 4 stars is because I thought the plot was a little silly. I like silly movies but that's about all I can say.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've been waiting for this movie for a long time and finally I get to see it.   It's good and a bit funny.  It had a really nice ending that I loved.  I recommend it for everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a very simple plot and some good acting, and a very pretty, and very romantic ending.  I liked it very much, and hope that the film will be released again.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything you want in a movie: humor, tension, romance, and a good story line.  It is also a good romantic comedy, as there is a bit of a love story, which does not go very well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first thing that strikes you when watching this movie is how much this movie looks like a film from the 60s.   It is almost impossible to imagine that this movie was made 50 years ago.  This is a film of the 1960s, but with an edge.  The cinematography is top notch.  If you have never seen a film shot like this, do yourself a favor and check it out.  There are some great shots in this film, especially one in the film's opening scene.  It seems almost like the whole movie is set in a single room.  Also, a scene from the film which shows a little girl, or so I think, playing in the mud.  But it's all set in this room, with a young girl playing in it.  What a nice little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen a lot of movies in my life, from "Borat" to "Beverly Hills Cop" to the "Rocky" movies. I have never seen a movie as bad as "Fatal Attraction" I was amazed that there were not a lot more injuries and death. The movie is very funny but the acting is really bad. I was also impressed that the writer was not afraid to make a lot out of a small amount.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As good a movie as you'll ever find about an awesome movie: if you like the Indiana Jones films and you love the movies about an Indiana Jones, you will enjoy this one too. If you have seen the Indiana Indiana Jones movies, you probably also liked Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. If not, then you may like this one more than the others, and if you don't like the other ones, you should try this one first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -I like the character.   He is a man who has a lot to lose.  He lost his wife, and he doesn't want to lose his daughter.  It's a very well made film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen this movie, but the trailers are pretty much accurate to what it actually is. The movie itself is quite good, but I thought the characters were a little too over the top and that the acting wasn't as good as it could have been. I also thought the script was a little convoluted. I'll probably be watching the sequel, but hopefully not the 3rd.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is a classic, an old classic. You will see it a million times. It is a real classic. A little bit like  A Christmas Story  in its feel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are several reasons to love this film. First, it is very funny, it has that "M*A*S*H" "We are the best at what we do" spirit to it, and it is a great film about a bad guy who becomes a good guy. That's the most important reason. I can see it coming out in the late 90's and I would have seen it. I just wish it was in the original format. I am also a sucker for a good "Who Shot JR?" film, so this one was on my radar a long time ago. I was glad it was good and I wish it would come out in some form in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been a huge fan of the series and this was no exception.  There was no real excitement, no real twists, and not much development on the main character.    But what it did have was a lot of laughs, lots of character development, and the most hilarious bit of dialog ever in a movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big fan of action movies but i loved this one! The cast was great, i loved the whole gang. The only problem was that it took way too long to get to the end of the movie. If it had been cut to about 3-4 min. I would have given it 5 stars.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good thriller but the plot is not really original. It is a story of a man who is sent to prison for being a homosexual. The story is good and well written but there is a little too much sexual content to be acceptable. The movie does not need to be overlong as the film is about 40 minutes. It was a good way to end the summer with a bang.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this movie is awesome.   It's a really fun movie and you should watch it.  If you enjoyed this movie, please check out the movie:
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is set in a world where everyone is immortal and there are no deaths. The story follows the life of a woman named Tanya who is a part of the army of immortal soldiers that are sent out to protect the world from evil and monsters. She meets up with a young man named Tom who also happens to be immortal and he falls in love with her.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is good, but it's very long, I don't like long movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie that is very well-acted and beautifully made.  It's about a boy who wants to be a man and is in a convent school.  I loved it, I really did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you've ever watched a movie about a crazy man who believes that he is a god, you've seen this.  The movie follows a series of events that all lead to the insane antics of the insane man.       The crazy man has a wife, a son and an insane dog.   This man is a true lunatic, and it's really a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was born in 1957, but I grew up in a time of great freedom. I remember seeing a young black man in the South Side Chicago neighborhood, walking through a store, when a policeman came up to him and asked him for a cigarette. He turned and looked at the policeman and said, "Don't you know me?" and the policeman said, with a kind of sadistic joy, "Yes, I know you. We are brothers. I am the police officer you wanted." I have always wondered what would have happened if the policeman had not had such a funny sense of humor, but it was not funny. It was a sad day for me and I have not been able to look at that policeman since.   A great deal of time has passed since then and I am a much more responsible man today. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie that is well written and is about a young girl trying to be a good girl.   This is the first movie that I saw that wasn't a horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "B" film, The Mummy (1931) is a great film from its early stages until its finale, which is very well done.  It is a wonderful story of adventure, romance, mystery and horror.    The action starts off very slow but picks up very fast.  And the action is spectacular.  It is an excellent combination of good, good, and good, very good.        The story is interesting, the monster is awesome, and it is a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm a big fan of both the movie and the book, and I loved the movie. I think it was very clever. The book, however, was a disappointment. It was written in a way that was very dry, so that I felt like I had to have the book. There was nothing about the book that was new, but nothing that was bad. This was the book I wanted to read in high school, but never did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie so much, I watched it 3 times in a row.   It is a nice mix of comedy, drama and horror.  I found the acting and comedy to be excellent.  The horror and gore was pretty good as well.  It has a great ending, it's one of those movies where the last half is very good and the second half is amazing.  Overall, I'd give this a 7 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not usually one to talk about movies in reviews, but I can't really find anything bad about this movie. I've never had much of a taste for action movies, so it was a bit of a surprise to find this movie to be enjoyable. It has its moments, but in the end it all just works, and works well. I enjoyed it very much, especially since it's in black and white.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a great movie, it's fun and exciting.   The characters are likeable and the music is good.  The plot is good and well thought out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels the same way about this movie.   It's a classic.  It was a good film and a fun film to watch.  I was really glad that I watched this one.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:     I really enjoyed this movie, and that's because it has a really solid story that is well-paced, and the characters are all quite likable.   It doesn't do anything too crazy like "The Matrix" but it still does a good job of putting the audience in the shoes of a character who is trying to cope with his family's disappearance and who is being stalked by a stranger.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character in this film is very much like the main character from the previous film, although he's a bit more mature than the previous one. He has a very sad and lonely life, but he has a good family and a very good wife, so he is able to make some changes in his life, despite the fact that it's pretty depressing to see a guy like him on the street in a city like New York.  He's also very much of a ladies' man, as we all know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first two scenes are a nice mix of action, suspense, and a little romance, as the detective tries to track down the mysterious "Witch."   It's interesting that the first two "scenes" have nothing to do with the movie. The first scene is just a little man talking in his sleep, and there's nothing that can really be said about it other than it's a strange little tale. The second scene is a little bit more interesting, but it is still not worth the price of admission.   This is a good mystery movie, but not a great one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an excellent portrayal of an abusive relationship between a man and a woman. The movie does a good job of telling the story of a man who tries to get his wife back by any means necessary. I would like to see more of this kind of movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of people have mentioned this movie as a good example of how to make a movie about a man who has been out of the public eye for a long time.  It's a fairly conventional action movie, and there's a pretty good story behind the action, as the story about the man's son is a nice little piece of family drama.  The movie was directed by Charles Band, who has a long history of making decent movies about people in their thirties.  I wouldn't go so far as to call this a good film, but it is a decent one, and I'm happy to have a movie like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not a big fan of the first one and have no intention of watching it again, but I'd seen the film at a film festival and have now watched it in the cinema. I'm not sure I like the film much, but it has got a good set-up and good acting. It's a bit of a mess to be honest, but the ending is fantastic. I really liked the setting, and how it's all set against the backdrop of a small, but very colourful island.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has a certain grimy, gritty feel about it that I think is great for an older audience. It does not have a whole lot of laughs, but it does have a bit of heart, and it is very, very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think I can find a good    film like  . It is funny, and the actors are very good.   Posted by John at 6:00 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the first hour we meet two women who have both been arrested and are awaiting trial. The story is not terribly exciting but there is an interesting central character who makes a living by "torturing" people. The movie does a good job of making us feel for the victims and their families and we are left wondering how they will get through the next few days.  The violence is not as gratuitous as one would expect and there is a satisfying ending.  One of the best things about this movie is the way it ends: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best comedy that i have ever seen! It is one of the funniest movies i have seen in my life!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I have seen this movie quite a few times. I have never seen anything like it. I think this is the best movie about a family that ever was made. I wish they had made more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good old fashioned gangster film that's full of laughs, plenty of action, and the occasional shot of color.   I really enjoyed this one and can't wait to see the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must see movie! It is a classic story about a young boy who loves to draw. One day he meets a mysterious girl who helps him to draw and she teaches him to become a great artist. One fateful day the girl is murdered and the boy finds the body. But, he doesn't know who killed the girl and how he was involved. What makes it more amazing is that the murderer is not only beautiful but is also very skilled at drawing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is very realistic and it is very good.   I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was watching a movie the other day where the bad guy gets trapped in the police station.    The only thing I can think of is that this guy could have been a good cop.  He seems to have a sense of humor, and he gets to work.  It is hard to believe that a man of his size would be a cop, but this guy knows what he is doing.  If he had not been so small, he might have been able to catch the bad guys who are trying to break into a house, and maybe they would have been killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid film that keeps me entertained and happy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an alternate future in the year 2072, the American military have developed a new kind of robot. The robots are designed to work in tandem with human beings and to function as a team. A team that consists of a human pilot and a "cyborg" (human-machine hybrid) pilot. The "cybernetic" pilot is an ordinary man named Matt Murdock. When Matt is not piloting the "cybership", he works in his family's law firm, Murdock and Fisk. Murdock's father is a prominent lawyer who is well respected in the city of New York. Murdoc is the son of the famous, but now deceased, crime-lord known as the Kingpin. Murdroc's father, the Kingpins former crime lord Frank Castle, is now a fugitive in his own country. Murdok's father wants his son to be the man he was and that means using his skills and wealth to take control of the King's criminal empire.  So Murdoc takes a job as a pilot on a new spaceship. When he and his "cybernauts" get stranded on a hostile planet in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, the situation becomes quite dire.  The only reason they are alive at all is due to the efforts of the friendly alien pilot, a beautiful and very strong woman named Rila.    She is not the only friend they have, the pilot of the ship they crash on, known as The Spirit, also comes to their rescue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most beautiful, magical, magical movies ever.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A beautiful movie with a beautiful story, a little old woman named Marla (Marilyn Monroe) lives in a house on the ocean. One day, her husband disappears, and she is left to deal with a mysterious, and very ugly, dog.    One of the first movies to show that a little girl can become an amazing girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A beautiful story" "An extraordinary movie" "Amazing."   A beautiful story.   Written by Robert L. Parker, it is about a boy named Frank who has been put on death row after being convicted of murdering his mother.  He has to spend the rest of his life on death-row, and is visited by a group of people who all believe in God and pray for his release.  The ending is a bit confusing at first, but it all makes sense in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very happy with this movie and I am a huge fan of the films. I'm not sure why it isn't more popular, but it has a nice storyline and nice visuals. I hope it will be made into a TV Series or a movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very faithful to the books.  The movie is pretty much the same as the book, just different characters.   I didn't care much for the characters in the movie as most of them seemed like the same types of characters. However, some of the characters did make me laugh a bit.  There are also some scenes that are very well done, the way the camera pans over the city and other locations really make it look like a real city.  I'm pretty sure that the city from the book was really a great place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm going to take a moment to tell you something about this movie: It's very short. It is not very long. It's a very clever movie that shows how much a man can get away with if he doesn't mind lying to his wife about the details of a murder. This movie is a little too much about a little man who makes a fool out of himself and a few of his friends. I like that about this kind of movie. It gets away with a lot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is a scene at the end of the film where the protagonist, a young boy, is going to take a short cut through the woods, and his mother comes out of her room to talk to him. The camera shows her walking along a path, then, at the far end, you can see a group of children playing on a hill.   In that moment, you see the children playing with what look like tiny swords.  A short moment later, you hear the sound of a bell. It's a bell for a girl who is walking away from the children.  It's almost like a parody of a fairy tale, except that this little girl, in a white dress, with her hair in a topknot, is walking alone in the woods.  Her voice sounds a little bit like an old-time movie star.  There are also some funny lines in the film: The first one is: The old lady said, "You're a boy, I've heard of boys."  It might seem a bit strange, but the next line: "I don't want to be a boy," she said, she was so afraid.  But it works. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have watched this movie a few times since I was a kid. I have no idea why it's not more popular but it's one of my favorite films.   The movie has an awesome story and a fantastic ending that is almost as good as the beginning.      
Write a positive review about a good movie:       This is a great film with great performances by all the cast, the best in the movie and the best fight in the whole movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half is a good blend of action, romance, and horror that will keep you guessing about what's going to happen next. It's a good mix of genres and it works for a film that doesn't really rely on anything else but its characters. I loved the characters and the way they were portrayed.       The film is based on a book called The Devil Inside by R.L. Stine and features two teenage boys who are being chased by a demonic child who is the evil side of their family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was not a great movie but it was a good experience.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is awesome. I watched it over and over.   I don't like horror movies. I like horror movie's that are just a little too crazy to be taken seriously.  The movie opens up in a bar. There is a guy (Bill) who's been working the night shift at the local diner. One night he's walking home, and gets hit by a drunk driver.  He ends up in the hospital and a few days later, he finds out that he's got a very special gift.  After a few months, he's still very much a baby.  Then one night, he meets a young woman named Kathy (Kimberly) and falls in love with her.  There are some other little things that happen that make this movie a lot of fun.  I'm not a huge fan of horror movies, but I like this movie and I'd recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been following this movie since it was announced in the press. I have heard a lot of bad reviews about it and I'm not sure I agree with all of them. I was a little nervous going in. But once I started watching it, I was glad I went in. This is one of the better movies I've seen this year. It's not as good as the original "Ghostbusters" but it's still a good flick. If you haven't seen this movie yet, I would recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great movie! I love the cast of characters, and I loved the movie. I have to say, it was hard to watch the movie, because it was so emotional. It was so good that I almost cried a few times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the Alien franchise. I love the creatures, the set design, and the way it is told in a subtle way with some great effects.  It is an awesome movie, and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes horror and sci-fi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a well-acted, well-written, well thought out and very entertaining movie about a very special person and how he deals with his disability, the movie is very realistic and believable and the character is one of the most interesting in movie history. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Grimly Beautiful" was a wonderfully done film.  This is the second installment of a film trilogy from "Hollywood's most underrated and underrated director".  A young girl is in a hospital recovering from a motorcycle accident.    Her father and grandfather both died in the accident and she was a victim as well.  The film opens with the young girl in the hospital having a nightmare.  She is in the middle of a hospital and there are no windows.  There are doctors and nurses everywhere.  It is very hot in the room she is in.  A strange doctor enters the room and starts to talk to her.  He tells her that she can be healed, but it will take time.    He tells the young woman that she is not alone in her suffering.  Before long, she wakes up.  They are not alone.  Their doctor is there too.  Then they see a man in a suit standing in the doorway.  That's the first time we see him.  We are told later that he is a famous doctor.  And so the doctor is a "grimly beautiful" one, too.    Then, the doctor starts talking to her and tells her what she is going through and how she can get better.  But he also tells her to take a good look at herself.  So, the girl does.  After he is done, the old man is there as well, and he tells the doctor that he knows what happened to his granddaughter.  As we know, the doctors in this film are in a rush to get their "goodie bags" back to the morgue.  In the meantime, the boy has an argument with his mom about how his girlfriend broke up with him.   "I'm going to the doctor to get some stitches."     So the boy goes to the hospital.  One of the doctors is there with the girl and his mother.  I thought the doctor was a bit over-the-top.  Sure, he was handsome, but he was too much like a character out of a movie called "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly".  The girl and the doctor are talking and he says he knows who the guy who broke up the relationship with her is.  This guy has the same exact scar as the one the girl has on her left leg.  Of course, she wants to know what
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I could say any bad things about this movie. It was very much a family affair. The children, especially the older ones, all have very good personalities. This movie isn't very good, but it isn't bad. I liked the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main character is a very complex and complex character. He is a brilliant engineer with an IQ of 160 and an IQ in the 160s. He's also very intelligent and very charismatic. He was also a child prodigy. He also happens to be very lonely, and he's a very good actor and an excellent actor.   It's an interesting story about a man and a woman who both work at a company that produces and distributes movies. Their company is very successful and has a lot of people working for it. One day the company comes to the conclusion that it needs to do something very dramatic, and the company's head comes up with the idea of sending a man who is a genius, but is also very lonely and doesn't like to socialize, to a place where he will get a lot more socializing than he ever could before.  He gets sent to a city called New York. He doesn't know a lot about New York, but he does have a very nice apartment.  It's really cool that you don't need to be a genius to work at this company, I'm just glad you're here.  In the movie the story is told in a very simple manner.  The movie starts with an introduction where the main character says that he was very lonely growing up.  When he was growing up he lived with his mom, and her family died. He said that it was a hard time for his mom.  One day he was about to be sent to New York City and he had a conversation with his dad.  My father was the same way, he was so lonely.  They both had conversations where they talked about the future.  Then one day the main characters go on a picnic together and he meets his mom's family.  I have to say that the movie is very touching.  There are a lot in the movie that are very touching, and they also have a good ending.  For instance, when the main guy's dad was about ready to send him off to New Zealand, he said that he would leave a letter for his wife and son.  That's how the movie ended.  It really does give a lot, and it's a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great story.   The way the story is told, I was reminded of the movie, "Memento" with Tom Cruise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:     A well written story about an older man and his young daughter who are trying to live a peaceful life in a peaceful world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen a movie like this in a while.   The movie itself was interesting, but the plotline was ridiculous.  The characters are just too dumb to be believable.  I thought the movie could have been better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good old-fashioned old-school movie!   - I can't think of anything better than that! - It's like a good adventure movie... - I like that the story is told in a different style.   I liked this movie! - I thought it was a good way to end the first season of the TV series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie about an old man who wants to return to the land of his birth and see the things that have changed over the centuries. It has great characters and a good plot and an ending that will make you grin and smile. I was surprised how good the ending was. I never thought it would be that good! This movie was also very well produced. It looked good on the big screen. It was a very well made movie. It had a lot of laughs and some action too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that I always look forward to watching. It has all the elements that a good mystery should have: great acting, great special effects, good pacing and, most importantly, a plot that you can follow.   The story is about an engineer who finds himself in a strange situation and the woman he is trying to seduce, an American woman called Annie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had never seen a western before, so I was looking forward to it.  But this movie, although well-acted and well-produced, is not so much about the western as about the lives of the main characters.  If you're a fan of the western, this movie is the answer to your prayers.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In all honesty, I'm not a fan of horror movies. I like to watch horror movies with good acting, and good plot twists, and the fact that this movie has those things in it makes it even better than a lot of the horror movies I've seen. I thought it was a very good movie, with lots of good acting and great action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the best. It is a story about the story of a boy and a girl. The boy is an average guy, who gets a lot of crap from his family. He wants to leave them. He gets a job at a gas station to support his family, but the boss is a jerk. He does not like the way he looks, and his wife is pretty mean to him. He and his friend go to a bar, where the owner is a rich man. The owner wants to hire a new secretary, who is cute, and is very good at her job. But the owner also wants to have a little fun with the girls, and gets a pretty girl to do it. The girl looks at the boy with lust and wants to make him a man. She tells him she wants to suck his penis. The boys is not amused. He says "you better keep your mouth shut." But the girl doesn't care. She gets on top of him, and starts sucking. She starts sucking, and she is sucking pretty good. The guy tells the girl to stop, but she doesn't. She is sucking, sucking, SUCKING! She starts to moan. She says "I want to make you feel good." She sucks, and sucks, sucking... and the boy is getting frustrated. He is trying to move to a room, but he can't. He decides to just lay there and wait for the girls to finish. They do. The girls sucks, sucks, SUDDENLY! She is going to make the boy feel good. But, she doesn?t stop. She keeps sucking, sucks... and then she stops. The boss tells her to suck it up, but that just makes her more mad. She just keeps sucking harder, and harder. She looks at him with her big red eyes. She knows she can make him feel good, but no matter what she does, it doesn?������t work. The guys starts to feel it. She sucks harder, harder... harder. The gas station is closing. The two are going to get away. But as they are running, the boss catches up with them. The bosses wife catches up. They are getting ready to leave. The man is getting more and more annoyed. She does a few pushups, then she takes off her shirt and pants. She removes her panties and then pulls down her shorts. The husband grabs his penis, and says "let
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . I don't know if it is good or bad, but it is very funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first hour is a very well-done film that follows the same structure and style as most action movies.  A bunch of tough guys in trenchcoats try to bust some heads and get a few good laughs along the way.    This is one of those films that could be good at a time when you want to see a big, dumb, action movie.  The only real problem is that the action and the jokes just aren't good enough.  I think that the movie would be better if it had more of the humor.  If the plot was better, I think this could have been a lot better.  I really enjoyed this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well-done movie.  The only thing I dislike is the poor acting.  I like to think that if the producers had gotten the rights to the first book and just used it as a basis for a decent movie, it would have been a lot better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good film. It is a simple story with a very simple message. The film is made by a Czech director who made a couple of good films. It takes the audience to a country of Czechoslovakia and it is a beautiful place. The movie is made to make the audience happy and to be happy. This movie is a good film and a good time to be had. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The final part of The Dark Tower series. It's not as good as the first movie, but it is very good.  The story follows Roland Deschain (Idris Elba), a man who has spent his life in a wheelchair. When he receives a letter from his sister Idun, who lives on a distant planet called Mid-World, Roland must cross into the otherworld to find out what happened to her.   It is a great film that tells a good story, and the acting is great as well.  The score is very dark, and very moody.  My only problem with it is that it does not follow the book too well. In the book, the main character, Roland, doesn't really travel between worlds, he just travels to different places in the world. But in this movie, Roland is always going to Mid-world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you won't forget after you watch it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've had this movie on repeat and I can't get enough of it! It's not really a bad movie, in fact it is pretty good. It's the plot that makes it so much fun. I don't even mind that the movie takes place in a very dark and creepy house. That is the whole point of the movie, just the atmosphere and the characters and the fact that it is a horror movie is what makes it great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most recent addition to the Star Wars universe has been quite good, with a story that seems fresh and well written, and a cast that feels natural and real.   I'd say that this is the best Star Wars movie so far. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It is very faithful to the books. The movie does have a few minor issues that I thought were pretty cool. For example, there are several scenes in the movie that are based on the book "The Eye of the Needle" by the same author. The scenes where the kids go to a lake and swim are just the same as the scene in the book. The same can be said about the scene where the three girls go to the park. The lake scene is also the same scene from the book (only different actors). The movie is very much a faithful adaptation of the books, though it has some problems in the story. Overall, the movie is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a nice story, and a fun watch.   The movie is based on a short story, by the famous writer E.M. Forster.  It is based in London, and focuses on the life of a young man named Jack, who finds himself living a double life.  He has the normal job of a policeman, and is always on duty, but he also keeps an extra job, as a chauffeur.  Jack lives a double existence.  His family lives with his mother, who is an actress, and his father is a successful writer.  They have a very happy life. Jack spends his time with his friends, who include a young woman named Julie (Julie Andrews) and a young painter named Paul (Richard Attenborough).  The plot of the movie is quite simple.  Paul (Attenborough) has a bad accident, and goes into a coma.  Julie is very upset because her friend died, and Jack has been forced to become a chauffer.  The two fall in love with each other, and spend the rest of the film trying to get their relationship to work out.  E. M. Forstster's story is very simple. Jack is a policeman who finds his double life is a little too much to handle, so he leaves it for the police station to handle.  A young woman, Julie (who was the inspiration for Julie Andrews in the film Julie and Julia) finds out about Jack, and becomes his assistant.  But, there are also other characters in this story.  There are two young women who live in the house where Jack lives.  One of them is Julie's sister, Alice (Meryl Streep), and the other is an artist, Paul (Alan Rickman), who also lives in the same house.  Forster's script is very clever.  When it comes to the plot, the movie gets into the action.  If you want a good laugh, then you can certainly get one here.  However, it is a very good story, that will give you a laugh.  And, it will make you think. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A brilliant, smart, and well-acted thriller about the perils of a group of friends who, while attending a party, are ambushed by a bunch of vicious muggers.   An excellent, well-made movie, with a superbly written script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those great "I coulda been a pro" stories. The first three movies of this series are excellent and I'm sure this one will be just as good. It's got an exciting story that makes you think, and a great cast. It takes a lot of skill to make the movie look like it's going to take place on a busy highway, but this is one well-done movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first three acts are all very well-done. The movie's plot has a lot of promise, but a bit of a rocky start as the lead character gets killed off before the end. The acting is pretty solid all around, with some great performances from Tom Cruise, and a few surprises here and there.   This is a fun little movie, that gets pretty serious at times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great little action movie that doesn't take itself too seriously but delivers a fun action flick filled with great characters and action that really is enjoyable to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just plain fun.  The story is pretty typical: the son of the owner of the store is kidnapped by a gang.    It was very funny and I thought the actor who played the owner was a great one.  I have seen several movies with the same kind of premise and it's always interesting to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is funny and good! There are lots of references to other movies, like "The French Connection", "A Clockwork Orange" and "The Day the Earth Stood Still", but the main idea is that this is a real time retelling of a true story that happened in London in the early 70's.  This is about a crazy lady who runs a strip club and who's husband is a member of a top secret group called "The Order".  She has a crazy past, which she shares with her husband and is very entertaining to watch.   It's worth a watch, if only to see how the British government responded to this.  Posted by The Great British Bake Off at 8:35 am
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie, at the time it was made, was pretty much a comedy about a poor guy trying to make a living as a stage performer. I have to give it to the director for a very good movie. I think this movie is a pretty good example of what I like to call the "Theater of the Absurd" - a type of movie that is more about the characters, and less about the action, and yet it has great acting, the acting is very good, and it's a funny movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - I've always been a huge fan of the series (I watched the first film when it came out and I still watch it to this day), and the fact that this movie is set in the same world is an added bonus.   There are plenty of funny moments in this movie, even if the story is pretty predictable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If I had a nickel for every time I've seen a good film, I'd be a very wealthy man.   It's a nice change of pace for a good old fashioned crime story, with the usual suspects.  It has an interesting idea, and a good cast.  This film was made in the 1930s, and it still holds up to this day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of The Twilight Zone since I was a kid, and this movie is a definite highlight.  The music is fantastic, and the acting is top notch.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is about a young man who is a pilot in an Air Force squadron, and it is his job to fly the "Super" Mustang.   There is a real sense of excitement in the film as you get to see these incredible airplanes take off from the airfield, then you get a sense of what the future could be if we could put some effort into it.  The scenes are just fantastic to see.  And then to see the men in the cockpit, and just how well they do their jobs.  It is an interesting look into how these planes are flown, and how the people in the back room get paid to do them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very pleased with this movie. It is a classic adventure. It has lots of fun and I love it. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good time. It was fun, well acted, and well directed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is based on the true story of a man called Charles Manson who in 1966 was convicted of murdering actress Sharon Tate and four other people. He is now serving a life sentence in California. The movie is a true story but it is a story that you cannot take your eyes off of.   Director: Francis Ford Coppola (1952) Cast: Al Pacino, Sharon Tate, Warren Jeffs, Susan Atkins, Charles Manson, Linda Kasabian, Tom Hayden, Christopher Lee, Marlene Dietrich, Jeff Chandler, Robert Duvall, Paul Dano, Frances Fisher, James Cromwell, Joan Chen, John Glover, Ray Milland, Ray Wise, Jack Palance, James Deen, John Malkovich, Paul Sorvino, James Spader, Michael Imperioli, Jack Warden, Frank Silva, Richard Gere, Marisa Tomei, James Cagney, Robert Taylor, David Arquette, John Heard, Christopher Walken, George Wendt, Dennis Hopper, Steve Buscemi, James Earl Jones, David Warner, Peter Falk, James Caan, Bruce Willis, Robert Wagner, George Hamilton, Jeff Goldblum, Sam Shepard, Jodie Foster, Michael Biehn, Paul Giamatti, William Petersen, Peter Gallagher, Jodi Foster, Richard Widmark, Jon Voight, Tim Robbins, Ed Harris, George C. Scott, Jim Belushi, George Clooney, Robert De Niro, Kevin Bacon, Michael Caine, John Cusack, John Travolta, Anthony Hopkins, Brad Pitt, George Peppard, John Leguizamo, Paul Newman, Peter Sellers, Paul Rudd, Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Sam Elliott, Ed Begley Jr, Tom Sizemore, Jeff Daniels, Tim Roth, David Strathairn, Bill Paxton, James Woods, Robert Forster, Bruce Dern, Jeff Foxworthy, Bob Saget, Robert Downey Jr., Jack Lemmon, Ed Asner, Kevin Pollak, Mark Harmon, Peter MacNicol, Robert Morse, David Hasselhoff, Martin Sheen, Tom Cruise, Jon Hamm, Jason Priestley, John Hurt, Robert Loggia, Frank Langella, Steve Martin, Tom Hanks, Jeff Greenfield, Ben Stiller, Peter O'Toole, John Stamos, Bill Murray, Chris Evans, George Takei, Billy Crystal, Tim Allen, Chris Far
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is an example of a good story and a good cast.   I have watched this movie several times now and it never gets old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can honestly say that I love this movie. It's a little strange at first, as you have a pretty ordinary person with an abnormal problem that seems to be growing on him, but then he becomes more and more normal, until he's not normal at all. He gets in with a group of people who seem to be very nice and helpful, but who are really not what they seem. And then we get to the climax. The best way to describe it is to say that this movie is about how people see themselves. The movie is set in a very small town, which is quite different from the big city we have grown accustomed to seeing. We see people working together in a small community, helping each other and being nice to each other. Then we see a very strange thing happen: a girl who is completely innocent and innocent at the same time. We all know how innocent the innocent girl is, and yet we know how she can be very mean, and then she gets hurt, and we all know what it is that she's doing. She's not a bad girl, she just is what she is. This is a very simple but very interesting story about how you see yourself. And I think this is a story that everyone should be able to relate to.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie a few times now, and I always find myself at a loss to describe what it is.   It is a film with an enormous cast and a great script, that somehow manages to not be funny, and still be very touching.  It really does work, and there is a lot to be said about this film.  I was a little skeptical about this movie, as I thought that the script would be pretty silly and ridiculous, but I was completely wrong.  When you see it, it is clear that this is a very serious and thought provoking film. It is not for the lighthearted, or the easily offended.  The story is very simple, it takes place over the course of a year, and the protagonist, Bob, is an artist.  He is a bit of a loner, who spends most of his time drawing pictures.  There are a lot of strange things going on around him, and things are not going as well as he would like them to.  At the end of the year, Bob meets a young woman named Tammi, who he has known since he was a young boy.  Bob and Tammie get along very well, and they have a great deal of fun together.  But one day, Tammis mother comes to Bob, and says she has had a terrible dream, that Tammise is about to be killed.  Tammim's father also comes to him, to tell him that Timmi is in danger.  While Bob and his friends look for Tammisa, the rest of the town begins to fall apart.  And then, a series of murders occurs.  What is really strange is that no one seems to be able to figure out who the killer is. And who is the killer?  This is a case where no one is willing to take the blame.  This film is very hard to explain, and at the same time very easy to watch.  If you like a little more than what is obvious, you will find a great film to watch, and a film that is really worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A wonderful family comedy.   In this movie, our young hero is a young, dumb, but very handsome man who is about to marry the most beautiful woman he knows.  The first scene shows the two of them enjoying a long kiss.  They go out to a park to enjoy the cool evening and, once there, she asks him to take her to a restaurant.  She tells him the restaurant is not open yet and she will wait.  He gets upset at first and thinks it is an attempt to get him to go to a club.  After she gets a little tipsy and tells him to wait until she is ready, he agrees and takes her to the restaurant.   When they get there, the waitress asks them to sit in the corner.  It turns out that she has a secret love of her own and, in her own words, she's "not too pretty for this restaurant".  So, of course, the waiter brings them some food, and she says, "You should get something to drink too!"  As the waiter serves them, she is still a little drunk, and he asks her to take a sip of the wine.  So the waiter pours her a glass of red wine, but she's still a bit tipsy, so he gives her a shot of vodka instead.  This gets her very drunk and she starts to complain about how she is "too pretty" to be in a restaurant like this, but the waiter says that she looks just like the woman in the restaurant poster.  That seems to make her even more tipsy.  And then he asks if she would like to go into the bathroom and get undressed.  What follows is a funny scene of our hero getting to know his new bride, who is still very drunk.  At one point, he asks what she would do if she knew she was pregnant, and the waitress says that if she does know that she will not be able to bear a child, she would just "leave it all behind and go to heaven."  And so, she leaves.  Of course, this doesn't go over too well with the new couple, and they begin to argue about the restaurant and the woman's beauty.  Meanwhile, the man and his new wife are in the bathroom, and when they come out of it, the girl says that her husband has a good look at her.  Then he asks, "Do you think I'm
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved the ending of this movie. I would say it was more of a love story than a murder mystery. The movie was a fun ride, and it was a nice twist to the end.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very well acted movie. I loved the movie and thought it was very good.  I enjoyed the humor and did not get sick of it even though I had to sit through a couple of the more depressing scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun and enjoyable movie. The plot is pretty good and the movie is just about as funny as you can expect a movie to be.  It's a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm really glad that I saw this movie, as it was a good time.  It's fun to see some old-timey stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a very solid, but very slow paced action movie.  It has a good cast of actors and it is very fun to watch them work.  This is a solid action film and it does a great job of portraying how a group of soldiers are forced to act under extremely dangerous conditions in order to protect their friends.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't usually rate movies by the score of the movie. This is a great movie. It has many great scenes and the action is intense and the ending is great. I enjoyed it very much and would definitely watch it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      I had never seen this movie before. I really enjoyed it, although I do not think I was able to see it with the right audience in the right mood.   The movie does not try to be "new," but it does what it does quite well.  The characters are all well drawn, the action is well done, and the story is intriguing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is great. It has a great premise, and a great cast. It's a good thriller that is also a good love story.    I really liked this film. The story is really cool. It follows a couple that has a secret from the rest of the world. I'm glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The best movie I have ever seen."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best of the "found footage" movies I have seen so far.  It's not great by any means but there's a lot of them, some good, some not so good.    The only thing I really disliked about this movie was that it was filmed in black and white.  It wasn't so bad but there was just a lot less going on than in the other films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just like a great movie like "The Wizard of Oz". There are also a lot of beautiful colors in this movie, that makes it very special. This movie will be remembered by all who watched it, and there are many scenes that will be repeated over and over again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is funny, but not without its moments of brilliance. I love the way it's made, from the very first scene to the last, and even though the movie is kind of long (the first half is about a week and a half), it's worth it. I've only seen the movie a few times, but I always remember the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie and will probably re-watch it in the future.    If you like westerns and adventure, you should check this movie out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie. The only bad part is that the last 20 minutes are just a bit too short.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the few that is good. There are so many characters that make it very fun to watch and not just with the main character. There is a lot of funny stuff going on and I love how the characters have their own personalities.  The story is pretty basic and the ending is predictable but it doesn't bother me.  The main character is a little bit of a whiner but he is really fun to root for and see how he changes and grows throughout the movie.  This is a movie that I would highly recommend to any fan of the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The most interesting story about a war you've never heard of."   - Peter Farrelly
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't see the movie because of the title.   In fact, I didn' see the film at all until it was over.  I loved the movie and loved watching it.  The movie starts out with a great scene in the park.  You have the main character in a very funny movie about a man who is trying to find a way to bring his dog back.  He doesn't have any luck.  Then the dog runs off into the woods and the man goes after him.  It is a great little scene.  But then he goes into the town where everyone is wearing a hat.  There are some scenes that make me smile, and others that make you feel very uncomfortable.  In the end, the movie is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding movie. The actors are all wonderful, the dialogue is always funny, and the ending is perfectly satisfying. I really wish I could go to see it again, and maybe I will, someday.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a world that seems to be falling apart, there is a tiny little corner of it that is still intact.   It's a place that's only been known to a handful of people for the last 100 years or so, and yet it's still there.  A tiny town called Green Valley, Utah, and it's a beautiful little place.  The first thing I notice is that there are a lot of people around here who are happy to be there.   There are people who have worked their whole lives in the area and they are happy, and people who just moved in a little over a year ago and they have a great time.  There are also a couple of kids who play in the sand pit on the beach every summer and it makes me happy to see them and happy to know that there is something in this world that still gives me hope.  So I've got some pictures I took on my lunch break. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all, a story of two best friends.  When they are teenagers, they decide to quit school to be movie stars, so they can save up for a boat, with the idea that they will become wealthy as a result.   But, they never make it on their boat.  They are never rich.  There are lots of laughs, and some heartwarming moments.  2 of 2 people found this review helpful
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tusk" is a decent movie. It is a nice adaptation of an excellent book. It has a lot of heart, it is a fun film, and it is an enjoyable watch. It does take a little bit of patience to watch the movie as it is not an easy one to watch at times. But for what it is, I give it an 8 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film that is well done.  I am glad I got to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! It's one of those movies that will make you smile from time to time. If you love comedy movies, you will love this movie! This is definitely a comedy that will have you laughing out loud! The movie has the kind of humor that makes it funny! It is also a very entertaining movie, and I think you should watch this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:       I was not disappointed!   "Witchfinder" is an entertaining romp.   The story is a bit cliched, but the characters are good.  The "curse" is the witch that turns people into zombies, which makes them work like clockwork.  I didn't know it was so hard to stop.  And the story is not as silly as it sounds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a huge fan of horror movies, but this movie is great!  If you love the horror genre, this is a must see.  You may find yourself wanting to watch it again and again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The one and only movie that will make you cry for joy. I don't care if you hate it or if you love it. I will never forget this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of the best zombie movies ever made.  The plot is pretty straightforward: a group of scientists who work in a lab come across a zombie, and try to destroy it, but it turns out to be a really clever and fast zombie, who escapes from the lab by the most ingenious and ingenious way I've ever seen.    It has a few good jokes in it, and a good twist ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the theater to see The Great Santini in 3D (that is the best way to describe it). This was a fun little movie, a little silly at times, but overall it was a good time. It was made in Italy so it was obviously an Italian movie. I was a little disappointed at the lack of a musical number in the middle. It would have been nice to hear more of the characters in the movie, especially Santini. I enjoyed the movie a lot and I hope to see it again in the future. I would recommend this movie to everyone, especially if you like musicals.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is a very funny movie that is very much in the vein of films like Jules and Jim.  There is a great scene when two friends, both in love with a woman who doesn't love them back, get drunk and go to a nightclub.    It is about three men and a woman getting drunk and talking about the woman's breasts and other sexual things.  This is not a movie that everyone will like, but it is a fun one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a little slow at first but after a while you can see that there is a purpose in this movie. The film starts with the main character (R) waking up and his sister's (S) death. As soon as she is dead, his brother (L) arrives at the house and tells him that he has to take care of the house for his sister and he will do that. After that, the brother and R meet a young woman (C) and her mother (E). They have a little conversation and she gives her son a gun so he can kill the evil that is threatening the world. But after a short while, he discovers that this little girl is actually the evil. So, as soon as L and his brother go to get the gun, S (R's sister) appears and is the same girl who was killed by the evil at the beginning of the movie. She kills L and he dies. The bad guys come and kill C and E, too. The last scene of the film is S and R's family. The sister talks to the brother about her sister and how she has to kill herself and her brother so that she can get back to the place where her mother is waiting. But then she gets shot by one of the bad guys and R is killed by one as well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a big fan of horror and are looking for a good spooky movie with great acting and a scary setting to watch on Halloween night then look no further.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I saw was about a bunch of people who are living in a city. There is a gang in the city, and one of them (the leader of the gang, played by Willard) is the only person who can save the city. The gang is trying to kill all the people they see as a threat to their gang's power. This leads to a series of horrible events that include a whole bunch of murder and violence.  I didn't know what to think about this movie. Â I thought it was a fairly bad movie. I was not impressed by the acting.    The violence was done well, but I didn't think the acting was very good.   I thought the acting in this movie was like most of the movies I saw in the 70's.  I enjoyed the film a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the film a couple of times and each time I was reminded of the wonderful book by Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass. This film is a fun retelling of the story of the three children in the first book and it does a good job of retelling the story as well as incorporating new elements. It was nice to see the children and their friends (which included a dog and a pig) and the fact that they are in a magical land and that they aren't the only ones who are able to see things that aren't there was a nice touch. I would recommend this film to anyone who likes children's stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film follows the story of a man named Bob who, after a string of bad luck, is forced to join the army. He is assigned to the company that has the worst record of any in the country. They come under attack from the local bandits, who are also from the area, and Bob is forced into the middle of it all. He meets a young woman named Linda, who happens to be a military widow, and after the company gets its asses kicked, Bob's luck finally changes.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't want to spoil anything about the movie, but let me say that I have never seen a movie quite like this one, or even a decent one at that. It is a dark, twisted, and bloody movie with a dark and twisted plot, but a great cast of actors that is more than up to the task of portraying such a dark story.  The acting is great throughout, and all of the characters are well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last time I was here it was in September for the funeral of an old friend, and while I was there I went to see it in a movie theater. I found it to be very good. I had been wanting to see a sequel to the movie I saw the first time, and this time I am looking forward to seeing it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this, a very good and quite interesting story about the adventures of a small boy named Bucky who has to live in a house with his grandfather in the country of the north. His grandfather was a farmer, a kind and very good man, but it was a very difficult life for him, as he always wanted to work in the fields. One day Bucky is playing with a neighbor boy, an Englishman named Frank, when Frank says that he wishes to go out into the field with his wife and children. Bucky then goes with him, but they both are taken ill by the cold, and when they get home Frank begins to be ill, too, and they are told to get some warm food and go to bed. It's a nice story, though I found it rather confusing, as I was not able to follow all the events and Bucky seemed to be doing everything for the family. I was interested, however, in the fact that the story is told from the point of view of a child and not from the viewpoint of an adult, and I did enjoy it, as it is very well written and the characters are very good. The film was very entertaining and well acted, though it could have been better if it had more plot and more action, but that is not the fault of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie about a young man who comes out of prison with a new sense of freedom.   I can see why they made this film.  This film shows a young black man with a real sense of hope and with that I like it.  The writing is very good.  It has a strong story line and the movie looks great.  I recommend this movie to all who like good movies with a black lead and an amazing story line. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a movie that made me laugh harder than this one. This is a truly awful movie that should be ignored and should be watched by people who have nothing better to do with their lives.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that the movie will make you smile. The movie is about a group of students who play a game called "Babble-Babbe". In the movie, a group is assembled in a cafeteria, the group is called "The Chippendale Five" by the students, each of the five is the most popular guy in the group, and it all begins with a great idea. "Let's get a bunch of dumb, lazy, loser losers in here, and they'll play a stupid game for us, and we'll make a lot of money, and then we'll all go home and watch 'Lilo & Stitch' with the family, and I'll give you the key to the house, and you can get me a drink, and that'll be that."  This is what they do.  They play "Bibble-babble" for a while, but they are just too dumb and lazy to win, and so the game ends.    In the end, the five are so depressed that they all agree that they will get married and live happily ever after, but a man, played by Jim Carrey, plays a "Bumble-Bumble" game.  He takes the five guys and gives them one "Bumb-Bumb" to win.  The five then play the game and are given a "Key" to the "House"  The key opens a door to a strange place, a place where there is a giant teddy bear who is "a man in a teddy-bear suit", and he is trying to get the key.  This leads to the funny scenes, where the five dumb, stupid, losers are given the teddy bears, which they then play with, and all of them are given "Bumbs" from the teddies to win the key, but the tiddies are not happy about this.  "We want the key!  We want the keys!  You are all so stupid and lazy!  The teddy has given us the keys to the world!  " So the tibs are all depressed and sad, but then the bear tries to get his key back.  But then, it gets the key from the keyholder, who turns out to be a very attractive young woman, played beautifully by Julie Walters.  And then the tbumb turns out not to be as dumb as the five, and
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an amazing film and a great movie overall. The cast and crew are great and the script is well written. This is a fun movie to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think that this is the greatest film that I have seen this year. I love this movie and the performances were perfect. It was like watching a true story.      
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - I was just about to start watching this when I happened to see it on the Discovery Channel. It was very cool and I love that the guys do some very original, and entertaining, stuff. I think that a good deal of it has been lifted from other sources and put together so well that it's hard to believe that it was originally made for television. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a soft spot for this movie. It has an amazing cast and is very funny. This movie also gives a real feel for a rural town in the Midwest, it's a little bit down the road, but still very real.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie. A good movie that is not too long and has good acting and action. It is a good film with great scenes.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am very happy with this movie. It is an interesting look into the past of the people who run the country. It was done very well and I really enjoyed the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's an interesting movie. It's an old movie. A lot of it is in black and white, so it's hard to see much of the plot. There are a couple of great action sequences, and one great sequence where a guy gets out of a plane and takes off in a helicopter (he's not supposed to, but he does), and then runs through a cornfield, and then he has a big fight with a guy who's running around with a gun. It looks like some crazy movie, but it's a lot of fun. I like old movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sure it's a good thing that I never really get sick of this series, I've seen the first four movies in the series (plus two special features on the DVD) and this movie is a really good one.   This is definitely the first time I've watched a comedy-drama that didn't involve the usual suspects: a group of high-schoolers, an obnoxious high-tech teacher and a creepy old guy (who, I'm afraid, is actually a good actor).   It starts out as a sort of 'campy' comedy-rama, and the characters (all of whom are rather cute) are all really well-acted, and it all seems to come together in the end.  This isn't a movie I'm going to waste time discussing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I have seen in a long time. This movie is all about the good old days. It is a film with a great plot and a wonderful cast. It also has a lot of heart. I love old movies and this one is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched many films from many different directors, and many of them have been great, but this one was one of the best films I have seen.  The story, which I found quite interesting, had a number of interesting twists and turns, and it was really funny to see how people would try to explain how it was all happening.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of things that you can see in this movie: 1.   The movie is very entertaining.  2.  A nice movie about a woman who is having a hard time with her husband, a very bad man.  3.  It's a great movie with many things to recommend it: 1)   It shows how a bad man can really get a lot of pleasure out of a woman, 2)  It is very funny, 3)  There is some strong scenes in this film: 1.)   The guy has a very hot wife and a hot son, and he gets a little bit of pleasure from the wife and son, but the wife is not happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love to play with movies.    I just had to see the new one!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great!  It takes a bunch of different genres and does them very well.  There are some laughs, there are some scares, there is some action, there's some nudity, there has been some violence.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and hope that more people will watch it because the acting is good and the plot is fun and well written.  If you like sci-fi movies you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A modern day retelling of Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet, set in the modern day and starring a cast of great names.   It is an exciting movie that will appeal to many audiences and I am happy that it has been released in time for the holiday season.  I have to give the film a good review because it has a wonderful story line and some good acting.  The plot is simple but very enjoyable.  It all begins when a wealthy and spoiled young man, who goes by the name of "J. Edgar" is kidnapped by two hoodlums who force him to help them rob a bank in order to fund a new mansion.  This is where the film begins to get interesting.  One of the two thugs is very interested in the young man's friend, who happens to be an expert in swordsmanship and the other is obsessed with an exotic dancer called "Lady Macbeth".  As the plot goes on, we learn that both J. Edgar and Macbain are a little different and will probably never get along.  In a great scene, Lady Macbains is kidnapped.  J.Edgar manages to rescue her, but he has a few tricks up his sleeve.  Lady Macbais has a weakness for a certain white dress.  He takes it from her and makes a few comments about it.  They all get along, though, so it all seems to work out in the end.  Although I was not a fan of J. Edgars character, I enjoyed the film very much.  Director William Wyler was a master at the camera and had a knack for creating the right mood.  We have a great cast of actors that I enjoyed watching.  All of them were different and had different ways of looking at the world.  Each actor brought a different type of humor to the film and it was a pleasure to watch them play.  Overall, I was very pleased with the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was based on the book by the same title by Stephen King.   I read it as a kid and loved it!   If you have read the book, then you will not be surprised with the film.  I liked it, I found it scary and the film was well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm glad I came back to this movie. The film is an honest look at what a young man's life is like when he can't have a relationship with a girl. He wants a girl that he can look at. He gets one and it turns out to be a bad experience. The best part is that the film is funny and I can't wait to see the next one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie a lot. The story is pretty much what I expected from a modern day "Wag the Dog" movie.   The story was well-executed and told with a lot of charm.  It has a great sense of humor.  I can see the director had a good eye for a screenplay and was able to put together a story that was interesting, funny, and had some good moments.  The best part of the movie is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  It was made in the '50s, and the people of that time could be charmingly funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie with a real story and real characters, it is an important film to the history of Japanese cinema.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. It's an old-fashioned crime drama set in New York. The movie starts off with the hero, who is a thief, taking the life of his boss (who was a former detective) after he had come to his place to pick up the money. He kills him, but there is something else that he wants to do. He's got an idea of making a movie out of it, and he goes about it in a clever way. The character of a police detective who was a part of the investigation of the murder is good. He is not only a good actor, but he is a good policeman as well. He has a good sense of humor, and it is a shame that the movie is only available in black and white.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only thing that can be said about the movie that hasn't been said is that it's pretty good, even though I had to see it a second time. I was pretty impressed with this movie because it did a great job at capturing the feel of a typical movie night, without losing sight of the fact that it was filmed in a small town. I think that the director has a good eye for the small details in the movie, like the little kids playing baseball or the dog's barking.   I did like that the characters were likable, the acting wasn't bad and I found it interesting to see how the two different families were different but also alike. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is set in a small fishing village, where the local fisherman, played by James Coburn, is very close to his fishing friends. But then he and the others find a beautiful young woman who turns out to be the daughter of a rich family, and she is a good catch. The next day, the fisherman's friends and the rest of the village start to get curious about her. They are also curious about the young man she has brought home with her. The story is based on a true story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is like a mix between the "Rocky" movies and the "Batman" movies.   The story is very much like that of the "Bruce" movies but the fight scenes are more exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man Who Knew Too Much" is a fun and entertaining movie with good performances by the main characters. The story is based on an actual historical event that happened in 1892.  There is some truth to the story but it is all presented in a fun manner.   The movie was a good way to spend a lazy weekend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the story of this film, it is about a couple who is not married to each other but they have a nice relationship. It is not really a happy story as the couple is not happy in each other, but this is not a bad movie as it does not have any bad scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen the original Star Wars movie and you're a big fan of sci-fi, then this is a must see. It's great that George Lucas has come back to Star Wars for a new series of films, it is one of the best sci-fis I've ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, with a great story.  If you like movies with great stories, this is the one for you.    Posted by Steve at 11:11 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic. The film tells the story of two kids who go to a zoo. While there, they come across a monkey. It is quite different than a normal monkey, because it has human characteristics. The movie has all the right ingredients to be a classic movie. There is a nice cast of characters, the movie is interesting, and the ending is well done. If you are a fan of the classic movie "Gattaca," and like to see a nice story told in a funny way, then this is a good place to check out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm very glad to see this movie in a public place. It's very entertaining.   The acting is very good. I've always liked Mancuso and I can't wait to see him again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a good film. It was well directed, and a good story with a lot of character development and tension. I loved the soundtrack, the acting, the story and the characters. It is not a good western, but it is a very good western. It might be good for the people who like westerns, and I recommend it to anyone who likes a good good western movie. I give it a 5/5
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action movie and it's a great one! The film is about a military sniper that has to take out a very tough and smart opponent and he does it without a scratch! The acting is good and you won't be disappointed if you watch it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A beautiful, romantic, poignant story that is filled with love, adventure, tragedy and triumph.   Written and directed by an up and coming director, this movie is a masterpiece and is a must see movie for all movie lovers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film follows a group of teens and their father as they go to a party at a high school and the dad goes out and finds a young girl (Jennifer Connelly) and forces her to have sex with him.   This movie is so bad that it is hilarious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am really impressed with this movie. It has so much energy and fun. It is about a group of people who live in the woods and are the last remaining group of hunter-gatherers in the world. They are so happy to be alive after hundreds of years because they are hunting deer and elk. But then the other hunter-gathers decide to kill all the hunters and take all their stuff. The hunters are so sad that they don't even know how to hunt. One hunter, called The One-Eyed Hunter, is so sad because he doesn't have any more time to hunt and his son is a young boy and doesn't understand hunting yet. The other hunters are sad because they want to get the stuff. But The One Eyed Hunter wants to kill The One Eye. He does not have any reason to kill him. So the others decide to go in search of him and kill him, but The One One-Eye kills them all. The One Person-Eyer is a big strong man with a big moustache. He can't be killed by anyone but The Other-Eye. The Three-Eyeds are the Three-eyed hunter-warriors. They fight with all they have against the hunters. One-eye and One-eyer have to go into the woods to find The One Three-Eyes. One One is very angry because he is so close to him. The first One-Eye can't take the Second One-eyed's sword because it is a giant sword. The Second One -Eyer can't get over the Third One-eyes giant moustaches and moustachios. One Three is so strong that even the Second Three-eyes is afraid. The third one-eye takes out all the Thirds warriors and then One-ele-ers big mohmies takes out the second three-eyed warriors and The One Eyes moustacher-warrior is killed by the Third-eyed warrior. The fourth one-eyed is so angry that he kills the first three-eye warrior. And then he kills all the four-eyed hunters with his moustaching. The final scene shows the Three Eyed Hunters trying to get back to their camp. One Ey-er says: "How can you make your people sad? They're the last living hunter-people!"
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's funny, and the cast is fantastic.   A good movie to watch, and a good way to end an interesting season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched it twice now, and I can't wait for the next one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the few films in the "fantasy" genre that is not pretentious and is an absolute delight to watch. I'd give it a 9/10  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Days of Disco" is a fun, entertaining, well-acted film about an older, more cynical and cynical guy who decides to get his groove back on after his girlfriend moves away. It's a fun comedy about a guy who does a lot of bad things, like drinking himself to death, and is a really interesting character. I liked it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best comedies of the decade, and one of the greatest.  A good movie for everyone, not just the fans of good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think this movie is bad and I am not one to begrudge anyone their chance at success in life. I'm glad I saw this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a pretty good movie, I like it, I really do. The cast was great, the story good.   This is a very enjoyable movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the more underrated films of the 90's, The Long Kiss Goodnight is a classic buddy movie that's not afraid to poke fun at itself. It has the familiar comedy of a buddy movie, a couple of friends who love each other but don't get along and then when they do get along, it's a bit awkward. But there are a few good gags here and there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie a lot.   It has a lot of action and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie.      
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie because it does a nice job of bringing in the new cast members.  The actors are great and do their job well.    I like the way the movie is structured because it gives you an idea of the world that is to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had a good time with this movie.   It had a nice pace to it, I could hear the music as I was going along and it wasn't too long before I was in the fun zone.  I really enjoyed it and if you are a fan of horror or just a movie lover then I highly recommend this movie to you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good comedy, but there is a bit of a problem:  The movie is based on a novel by an American author called Richard Brooks, and it is called The Love Bug.   The story is not very interesting:  The main character is an old man who wants to become a lawyer.   After a successful law practice he has been given a job in a law firm.  He meets the daughter of the partner of the firm and they fall in love.  Then he meets a girl from his school who is very beautiful, and they start a relationship.  The love story gets more interesting when the girl gets pregnant.  After this they go on vacation and the baby is born.  In order to have a child the woman has to have sex with her husband.  So, in the movie the story is more about the relationship between the main character and the girl, and the love story is just an incidental part of the movie.  I was interested in the story, but it was just not interesting for me.  There are some very strange scenes and this might make some people not want to watch this movie. But for me it was very funny and the story made it very interesting.  This movie is not exactly a classic, but I think it is a fun movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie.   It's about a man who is having problems with his wife, a divorcee who is out of control.  He calls up the local cop and tells him that she is beating him up and he is not doing well and it is all because she is jealous of him.  The cop gets a call from a woman who says that her husband is beating up her because he thinks she has slept with her neighbor, a black man.  When the cop arrives, the husband says that he has a problem with the neighbor and says that the neighbor has a gun and that he is going to shoot him. The cop says, "Don't do it." The neighbor says that if the neighbor does not shoot him then he will. The neighbor gets out a gun, tells the neighbor that he wants his gun back and the neighbor says, I don't care if he kills me, I will kill him.  Then the neighbor starts beating the neighbor.  Then the cop says to the husband, "What are you going to do about it?" He says,  "I'm not going to tell him what to do."   The cops arrive and the neighbors says that it was all a misunderstanding and that the police will be coming soon.  They also say that the cop was the one who was out of line.  It is an odd movie but not a bad movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a little rough around the edges and the movie feels like a "made-in-Japan" production but it's an extremely funny and entertaining movie that is worth a look.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been looking for a good thriller for a while now. It is one of the few thriller films I like that also is not like a lot of the other films that are out. This is a good film to watch with a good plot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film as a small child. It's a story about a little boy who is sent to the city to attend a party. The boy has an obsession with the circus and is fascinated by the circus' performances. At the party, the boy gets a ride on a flying elephant and is introduced to a girl who is his long lost sister.   It is a good film. I like it because it has a lot of fun and is fun for the whole family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is set in a world that looks like a mix between a medieval Europe, a modern-day New York City and a Mad Max dystopia.   It's a world of knights, elves, dwarves, demons, giants and wizards.  This movie doesn't look like the other movies, it's quite original and I found it quite interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... a film that is funny, but at the same time, it is also a good film about a real, complicated and sometimes scary situation.   What makes it so special?   There is the film's director, Mervyn LeRoy, who is a true legend in the movie industry.  He started his career in the 70's and is one of the most important directors of his time.  LeRoy was known for his great cinematography, especially for his works in the Hitchcock movies. He also used beautiful special effects and was one of those directors that used beautiful camera angles, especially in the movies where he used to be a director.  It is also interesting that the movie was filmed on location in Scotland, which has an interesting and interesting scenery.  The cast is a good mixture of good actors and nice and talented people, which makes the movie even more enjoyable.  What is also cool about this movie is that it is a very unique and original film, which is a really good film.  If you want to see a movie that will make you laugh, cry, smile and want to be scared all at the the same, then this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is an adaptation of a story by George L. Snyder. I'm not sure I can recommend this movie but it is very entertaining.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an absolute classic of the genre, it is so dark, violent, sexy, funny, well acted, and of course the best sex scene in a movie. I love this movie and will always remember the great performances by the stars of this movie, and the great direction of John Waters.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie. The story is really good. I liked the idea of having the girl try to find a job in the same town where she grew up and her parents lived. It is not a very common idea in movies, but it works well. I also liked how the movie ended, which is really cool.   I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was very good. It had some humor, and some action, but there were very few bad parts. The ending was good, and the characters were great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are two ways to describe this film: 1.  In the most simple terms, a bunch of bikers ride through the desert.   2.  They have to get out of the desert because their boss is a vampire. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My brother and I watched this movie about a man that becomes a god and gets to be a god's friend and his wife and the kid are very likable.  This is a movie that is worth watching if you like movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie, it had a nice little action/adventure feel. It was a little over long, and the story was a bit simplistic. However, I did like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie and a good way to end the week.  I think it was one of the best movies I've seen in a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I was to rank this movie, I would put it on par with  The Room, but I think it has more of an emotional impact than The Room.  I think it's a bit of a slow burn at first, but it gets stronger as the story unfolds.  The acting is superb.    It has the same feel of  Lost Highway,  Fargo,  or even the classic Americana films of the 50's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot: A family (including two children) lives in the same small home in a town where the only thing they can afford to eat is a small quantity of beans. One day they see a man carrying a box of bread with him. The family goes out to see what he is carrying. They find a man who has lost both his legs, but lives in a state of semi-dementia. He is a man in constant pain, with the only solace being that he cannot hear the world outside his own door. As he is unable to see, he is constantly looking at his box of beans through a keyhole in the door. A man who is in the state of mind to be a priest comes to see the man in the next room and talks to him about the faith that the man believes in. The man's sister-in-law visits him at the end of the day and sees him, and tells him that he has been very kind to her. She asks him to take her to a restaurant in the town, and she does. When the man gets home, he discovers that the wife of the man who visits him in the day has gone to visit her sister. The woman comes in and tells the man that she has to leave soon. The husband asks why she has come to see him and she tells him. He tells her that he is sorry that she will be leaving, but that they will be seeing each other again soon. As the woman leaves, she says to the man, "If I have done a good work, I shall get a good reward for it." The man has never heard of this faith and does not understand what she is talking about. The next day he is told by the woman that the family has gone back to see her again. As they go out, she shows the man a newspaper that has the story about the man and the man's daughter. She tells him how the daughter is going to be married to a man she met on the way. She also says that she thinks he is going into the church, and that the woman has to get married at the age of 15. The story is then repeated again the next day and the family is back. They go to see a church, which the man has been told is where the man will be found. They come across a man with a large white cross on his back. The priest and the woman who has been to the church say that they cannot
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's not really a "good" movie, it's more of a "decent" movie. I liked the movie, the story was good, the acting was good (except for one bad actress who plays the "bad guy"), and the story worked. It has some good scenes, it had a few bad scenes, and there's a lot of stuff in it that's left unexplained (which I suppose is the point). The movie is a very good action film, and the stunts were all done very well. It's an action movie about a gang of biker thugs who are out to take over the world. It features good music and a good story, and it's worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film of great beauty, and I'd like to add that I've been enjoying this film for a long time.  It's a love story, a tragedy, and a good old-fashioned Western.    "I like to look at things as they really are."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie in the theater. The movie is a decent movie with good performances. The story is good and has some good jokes. The acting is good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film has been described as "a thriller about a woman who is killed by her husband." This isn't true. It is a thriller about an evil husband who is a vampire. He lives in the house of his dead wife.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this movie for the first time when I was about 12 years old. I have always loved the movie as it is a classic of cinema, and has a great cast. I enjoyed this movie so much that I had to re-watch it in my old age, I still enjoyed it very much and think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie when it was on a free weekend. I had heard of it before, but had never seen it.   After the trailer it was pretty obvious that this was a horror movie. The film starts off with a bunch of teenagers in a car. The boys are having a good time, talking, laughing, smoking, drinking, and then there is a horrible crash and everyone is hurt. I guess the car was going really fast?   The crash was followed by some scary scenes of the guys getting hurt. The guys had to be hospitalized, and the car didn't get a speeding ticket, but did get a $5000 fine. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most enjoyable movie ever made, and that's saying something. I was never much of a sci-fi fan, but I found myself genuinely enjoying this movie. It was so well done, and the action scenes were very well choreographed. The characters were all very interesting, and their relationships and interactions were all incredibly well done.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had been a fan of The Avengers before I even saw this movie. The Avengers is a great movie, well done, and I would like to see more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is very well-made and the story line is very interesting.   I think this movie would be a very good movie for the whole family to watch together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The ending was just what I was expecting, and it was so good. I had a great time watching it, and I hope that you all do too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing the film, and it was an interesting watch. The movie starts with an intense sequence of car chase. The action is intense and the plot is intriguing. It's about a girl who gets caught up in a murder and then meets a guy who has the same thing to do. It was interesting how it started and the movie was well made, with great action. It also features some great music and an interesting plot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great and emotional movie about a family that lost a son to suicide, and how a father has to face his grief.  It's not a movie about the grief, but the anger, and the sadness.  It's sad, sad, and sad all over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is an epic story, in which we have a man named Sam, who has a vision. In his vision, he sees that he has a destiny to save the Earth, and that the Earth is doomed, and he must get there in a rocket. As soon as he sees this, he decides to build a rocket, and with it he plans to save humanity. As he gets ready to make the rocket, a meteoroid comes from the Sun and lands on the Earth. It is not only big, but it has the power to destroy all life on the planet. Sam's only hope is a team of astronauts that will save him.   The film has a very good plot, and it does a good job in explaining how the events will play out. The movie is also well-written, with a lot of good lines. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't think I would enjoy this movie as much as I did. The story was soooo predictable and boring. I'm not even sure why they needed to have a character named "Bart" or why they bothered to use a dog to carry the movie to its conclusion. The movie ends at a lame cliffhanger that leaves me wondering what happened in the first 30 seconds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished the "A Haunting in Connecticut" with my family. It was an awesome experience. The film is a very unique story about a couple who move into a house in a secluded forest, with a terrible past and the haunting of their daughter by the old witch. The movie is well made, with an excellent score by Hans Zimmer. The story is told in first person. It is also told in a very eerie way. The only problem I had was with the ending. I was thinking that the movie was about the end of the witch's curse. Instead it was about a happy ending. It left me feeling sad about the ending and worried about the fate of the family. I give this movie a 9.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      I am not a fan of zombie movies but I am glad I watched this.   It is a movie that makes me want to get out and hunt zombies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic, hilarious and emotional movie!  And it is so, so, funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised by this one. The movie starts with a nice long shot of a dark, rainy night, and then it cuts to a close-up of a girl sitting on a bench in a park, smoking a cigarette. She is beautiful, but she also is vulnerable, which is what makes her so interesting. We don't know exactly what happened, but we have an idea. Her boyfriend leaves her, and she is distraught. She doesn't have any friends, she's lonely, and when she is alone she smokes and has a little cry. I'm glad that there is something in this movie that doesn't involve drugs and sex. I would like to see more of this movie, because I'm not a big fan of the genre, but this one was quite enjoyable.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that the only thing I could say about the movie is "It's so good, it's so great, it will be remembered by all who were there".   It's a great movie, and I have never seen it like this before.   The story is a very simple one.  It is a day in the life of an American family in the mid 1800's.  The family is on a farm, and a big storm is coming up.  There are no guns in this movie, so we see just how close the farm is to being destroyed.  But that's not the only reason it is a good film.  I love the fact that the movie isn't about the storm.  If it were, then the movie would be about the storms.  Instead we are shown how the family lives.  Their lives aren't very interesting, but they are there and we see them through their eyes.  When the storm comes, they get ready to run.  Unfortunately they don't run very far.  They get a little closer to the house.  Then we see the little girl fall into the lake.  She is dead.  And then the family has a party for the girl.  So they are not doing a very good job of running, are they?  And there are more kids that the family doesn't want to see.  This movie isn 't as good as some of the other movies I've seen.  At times it is very dry.  Sometimes it's a little bit silly.  However, this movie is still a very interesting movie, one that I think would be worth seeing again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an old school B-movie that has a classic plot and some great actors!   The best thing about it is that there is a lot of blood, so it's pretty violent.   I think it is a classic and a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the movie is about a guy who tries to get his brother to come out of a mental hospital so he can be with his mom and dad and his brother is still there. He's also working at a factory and he makes a good living.   There is a scene where his brother comes out and tries to convince him to come back to the hospital so they can be together and live together.  This is an emotional scene and a good one.  But then it's over and the movie gets back to its story about a man who thinks he has a plan to get out of the hospital.  He tells his brother he's going to get a job at the factory and that he's gonna start working on the new machines.  And then he does.  Now, it's a long shot, but when he does, he gets the job.  The story is about him making his way through the factory to get to the new machine and how he gets there and how it works.  It's very good, but I think this is the best movie of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like movies like "A Good Day to Die Hard" you'll like this one too.   It has great fight scenes, explosions, cool cars and characters and good action scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie. I saw it in the theater with my mother. I was so happy that I could play the part of the father, since I couldn't believe that the film was based on the book. It is such a fun film and I love it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I would not hesitate to recommend this film to anyone who has a strong stomach and the curiosity to find out more about the real life of the real Man who is the hero of the story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a fun little movie. It was the kind of film that one would enjoy watching on a lazy Sunday afternoon, but it's also a pretty good story. It's a fun movie that's not afraid to do a little comedy (as long as it's not too much), and the music and acting are both top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie a lot. The plot was pretty interesting, the movie had a lot of action and a good story. The only thing that I didn't like about this movie was the sound effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the greatest of all time. It is a true, epic saga that will stand the test of time and keep your heart beating.   "I saw it in the cinema, I watched it with my family, we all cried.  The music is beautiful, the acting is great, and the storyline is so good, it makes you want to be a little part of this epic saga.  This film is like a great symphony, a masterpiece of the best directors, one of the most original scripts in cinema history.  I loved it and will see it again and again.  "
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that a film about a man who lives in a castle could be made so entertaining and entertaining, I am delighted to say, was one of the few things about it I actually liked.   I am always a bit taken aback by the amount of time that the characters in films like this have to spend discussing each other's clothes.  This film is not a bad movie, it is a good one, it doesn't try to be anything more than what it is, it just happens to have characters who are not just interested in talking about clothes, it's a very funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Star Wars: A New Hope (1977)  is one of my favorite movies of all time.  It is a classic, a movie that can stand on its own, a film that has everything:   its action, its story, its characters, its special effects, its soundtrack, its visual effects and, of course, the voice of Han Solo.    A New Yule, 1977  has all of these things in spades, but the real story of this movie is how it makes Han Solo an adult.  This is a movie about the impact of adulthood.  As a kid, Han was an extremely immature kid.  He was so immature, in fact, that when he went into space to rescue his ship from the Death Star, he was a complete moron.  The movie has a scene where he is on a bridge, and he's making a decision:  He's going to be a pilot, or he's going back to being a scrawny kid. It's a decision that he makes so stupidly that I had to hold my breath for a while.  Then he makes it, and we get a really interesting look at the development of a grown man.  Han Solo is now a complete adult, and I think that this is an interesting movie because it deals with how the young and the old can live together.  In this movie, we see how Han and Leia grew up.  I remember seeing this movie when I was about eight, and as I grew up, I watched this movie over and over again.  It is a great movie, and for me, it's one of the great films ever made.  My rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a lot of fun.  The movie starts off with a quick introduction to the main character.    He is a guy who wants to take over the world and his plan is to destroy the sun and the moon.  It is a little ridiculous but that is what makes the movie fun. The movie is also great at the ending.  We learn that there are a lot more people who are out to destroy us and it is up to us to save the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a good film, very well made, with a good story and a very good ending.   I think that this film is an example of the great film-making that the director is capable of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A bit of a strange movie. The plot seems pretty much to be a re-telling of a movie by Jean-Pierre Melville in which the main character is a shipwrecked captain who has to make a deal with the Devil to save his life.  This is pretty much a retelling of the movie.   The movie is pretty decent, and it has some very cool special effects.  The music is pretty cool.  It does a pretty good job of making you feel like you are in a movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've had the pleasure of seeing a number of "Hollow" episodes on this site, including one from a couple of years back. I remember how much I enjoyed the show and how well it portrayed the genre.   The show's themes are very simple. There's no great plot or anything that's worth talking about. It's just a story about a group of friends who decide to explore the world through a hollowed-out tree. It might not be the best example of the genre, but it's still a pretty good episode. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a friend who works in a coffee shop that has a window that is almost always open.  He usually has a customer waiting for him, so he is usually the first to come in and order a cup of coffee.    He was just getting started when a customer walked into the shop with a cup and a bag.   "I've been waiting for you," she said, taking a sip of her coffee. "You know how much I've been looking forward to this."   "I know," he said, smiling.  "It's the first time I've seen you in a while."  It is very possible that the girl is the "first time" she's seen me in a long time.      It is a nice coincidence that we are both looking forward and waiting for the same thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The ending was a little bit too abrupt and rushed for my liking.   I think it was the end of the movie, and that they just needed to end it a bit sooner and leave us with more questions than answers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is one of the best horror films ever made.   There are no vampires here, not a single one, and that's a good thing.  The movie doesn't have the best plot but it does its job and it's very effective.  It is one creepy movie and I recommend you check it out!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good film. It has the look and feel of a good western. The film follows the life of John Wayne as he goes out on a ranch and tries to raise a young man. The western theme is handled very well. The actors are good. The music is good. This is probably the best film of the season so far.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had to be honest with you all.   This movie was not good.  I was in love with it from the first scene when we see the little girl,  and I could see this was going to be a great movie.  It was like a little book, with the characters and all, and it didn't disappoint.  And the ending.  But the movie just didn't work for me.  The main characters were all great.  We had our favorite little girl who loves the good old West, but also is a little bit of a trouble maker, who can't seem to get a hold of herself, who has her own set of problems to deal with, and who is also very smart.  She is a real treasure and I think the little girls could learn a thing or two from her.  There was also a little boy who has a love of animals and is very imaginative.  He is a great role model for kids and adults.  Then we had our other friend who was a little old lady.  Now she is a bit of an oddity, and has a little trouble keeping up with the rest of the group, but she still manages to keep up with them all.   But, I guess you get the picture.  In the end, this movie just wasn't all that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about a family that has been through a lot. It shows how people can come together and overcome their differences and still be happy and content. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This film is about a man who tries to kill himself and it is not an easy task. The film is a documentary but it is very moving. I watched this film with a friend and we enjoyed it a lot. The director uses music to help the audience to deal with the film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie a couple years ago, and was so excited to see the cast again. I thought that it would be a fun story about a man who goes out to find his father's killer. But, the movie has a lot of flaws. It was very poorly edited and badly acted. The whole movie was pretty cheesy. The acting was so bad, I could not take it seriously. I just wish that this movie had never been made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  It was pretty different, and different was good.  The story itself was pretty well told.  A little slow at times, but good stuff.  This movie is pretty interesting.  I don't want to give away much, but I think it's important that the story is told in a way that isn't obvious.  As a young boy in the 1940's, the only people who mattered were the people who could make the money to pay the bills.  My only complaint is that I wish it was a little more subtle.  For example, there are some interesting ideas about how to save money, but they are buried under a mountain of unnecessary jargon.  In addition, I would like to see more time spent on the people, who make the decisions.  4.5 out of 5   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an oldie but a goodie from the golden age of comedy. You don't have to watch the whole thing to laugh, just when you think it's going to get good is when it does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great little movie, a bit more serious than I would have liked but with an interesting plot and interesting characters, even though the ending is somewhat disappointing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm very excited for the upcoming film, which has a great cast. I hope that it can be made into a good animated movie. I think this is a very well made movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found the ending to be interesting.   It wasn't just a sad ending but the way that the actors reacted to it was very poignant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is just as enjoyable as it is depressing.  The plot is quite clever, but it is hard to follow the plot since it goes on for too long.    It is very sad that this movie is not available on DVD.  It is so sad, so sad!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the more popular movies from the 1980s, and it is an interesting story about a man who gets an alien baby that looks like a giant lizard. I don't think that the baby was a lizard, I think it was some kind of alien. I am not sure how the movie is going to end. The movie is funny, and there are lots of aliens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think I'm going to be sick after watching this movie, I mean it's really, really good! This is a very entertaining and funny film, and the acting was excellent, I thought the acting of the lead was fantastic, and as always it's a great story with an excellent ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice movie that is well-acted.   4 out of 5 stars:  Well-acted, funny, and a nice story about a lonely, yet funny, person that just wants a good meal. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good story about a young man who falls in love with a beautiful young woman. The film's premise is simple. It is a simple love story. But the film itself is so different. There is a lot of different styles and ideas in this film. The way it's told and the way it is done is brilliant. It has a wonderful plot, and it is a classic love story in the truest sense of the word. It's a film that will leave you wondering what the heck you just watched.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The opening of this movie is a pretty good one, with an interesting cast (John Lithgow, Sam Neill, Bruce Willis, and a host of others) all playing their parts in a fairly good movie. I have to give it a 4 out of 5 because I feel it could have been much better.    I give this movie a good rating because it does a good job of mixing comedy and drama in a relatively simple plot, and it gives a good look at the military and the military forces in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie's an amazing journey into the depths of the human mind, and the horrors that lurk beneath the surface. The story is based on a true story about the true story of a serial killer named John Wayne Gacy. His crimes are well known, and his crimes were committed in Chicago. The murders were brutal and gruesome. Gacy was known to have a very sick imagination. He had been a very sadistic, sadistic man. He murdered people and he cut off body parts and put them in jars. He was a very cruel, cold hearted man. When I first saw the movie, I thought it was just a good film, a well acted, well acted film. I didn't think there was anything really scary about it, but then the movie was over, and I thought, "What a sadistic sicko! The movie is about a man who kills a lot of people, but he never kills himself. The movie ends with the murderer getting off scot free, and he gets off with it! He's going to be a celebrity for the rest of his life! He has no remorse! He kills more people than anyone in the history of mankind, and no one ever finds out who he is!" I was totally disgusted by this film. But then I saw the trailer for the sequel, and was like, "Oh, okay! Maybe this is a bit more scary! The sequel has a whole lot more blood, and a whole lotta more death, and it is even scarier." I've been waiting for this movie for a long time. I just can't get enough of it.   I was completely fascinated by the concept of this film: the true stories of a killer who goes out and kills a bunch of people. I had never seen a serial murderer movie before, so I had to get it on DVD. The first thing I noticed about this movie is that there was no gore in it. The only blood that was on screen was a couple of drops of blood when the murderer cut off his victim's arm. There was no blood when he stabbed his victims. There were no blood drops in the theater when the movie played. There are no blood stains on the walls of the theater. The film didn't show any body parts on the screen. There is no blood on the floor. I was really shocked by this. There aren't any blood stains in the movie. I've never seen anything like it before.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the midst of a crazy movie season I was looking forward to watching a good one.  After I saw the trailer I was excited.    It's an animated movie with a good cast.  I think the animation is top notch.  It has a good story with some good comedy.  They were able to keep up with the animation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... I watched this movie on a Saturday morning and it was a good time. It was well acted and it showed that there are people who care about each other and want the best for the other. It is funny, very entertaining and good characters. I will see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing that could be better would be if the director was a bit more like the actors.  They play the roles very well and the movie is very fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lassie" is a very funny movie that doesn't really take itself too seriously and it's a good little movie for the whole family.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie, and I can't wait to see the movie again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have never seen a movie quite like this one, I'm not sure how the author, Charles Durning got a hold of this story. I have not seen the film and I am not sure why it was made. It looks like a movie, not a novel and I have a hard time imagining how the movie version would have done. But this is a fine movie and I was entertained. I recommend it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie a few years back at a screening at the New Beverly Cinema.  It is a movie that has stood the test of time and still has great staying power.  The story starts out with a woman being chased by a group of thugs.  The man is on a motorcycle, the woman is in a red car, but the woman has been thrown into the bushes and is in danger.    The chase continues.  There are some terrific stunts, and some great car chases and crashes.  One of my favorite scenes is when the car pulls into a deserted stretch of highway, and the man is looking up at the sky.  It is very well done.  What is also great is that the car chase never ends.  They are chasing her for so long, that they are able to take the car, the red car and all their valuables with them.  Then the woman starts to struggle.  She tries to pull the door off, and finally manages to pull it open, and she is free.  This is a great scene.  I always liked the red Car from the movie.    The red Car is also the best car from the movies.  After she is freed, she is able to start a small business.  Once she starts the business, she gets help from her husband, and then they both start to get involved in the crime syndicate.  When the wife is freed from the thugs, she tries to get back to her car, and is stopped by the husband who has followed her home.  He has been looking for her, and finds her car.  While they are talking, the wife comes out of the house.  But before she can start the car to leave, the husband has taken it away from her, because he knows where she lives.  Unfortunately, this is not the end of the movie, and they still have a little ways to go.  A lot of the plot has been re-written.  For example, in the movie they did not chase the woman to the end.  Instead, they drove to the location of her car to kill her.  And instead of getting the woman out of her house, they had her trapped in there.  If you are interested in watching a great movie with great car chase scenes, and great acting, then check out this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you want a classic movie with an old-fashioned charm, and you have never seen a good old-time movie like this one, then I suggest you try it out. The film is about a retired soldier named Bill who has returned to his old home in the woods where he had lived as a boy. His old dog has been living there since he was a little boy. The old lady, Mrs. McCallister, is a widowed lady who is very sad to see him going back. She is very worried about him. Mrs. McCallister wants to make sure he is safe and that he will not get into any trouble. She has a little girl who is about his age. She doesn't seem to be in a hurry to get married. Bill tries to tell her about the war but he can't get the words out. They have a very nice little dance at the end of the film and it's all very sweet.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot and this is the best movie I've seen in a long time. The movie is funny, but I think the humor is more in the characters than the comedy.  The movie has some great scenes, and a good ending.  Overall, this is a good comedy, and I give it a B-
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found it a little weird that the movie didn't end when the villain was dead. He was in prison with his brother, and there were three other inmates with him. The villain's brother, he's a sadistic serial killer who kills his victims with the same method. He's always laughing. He also has a daughter and a wife. I think that's where the movie gets a bit weird. The movie ended on a "t" with the last shot of the movie.   A bad movie that isn't worth a dime:    It is not a good film.  This is not an enjoyable film to watch.  It's really bad.  There are so many things wrong with it.  The story is horrible.  A psychopath killer who wants to kill all his victims and his family.  I am not going to explain any of the plot, but you have to be a moron to watch this.  If you don't like horror movies, you won't like this.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's the first time I've seen a real detective movie and it's all well done. The action sequences are well paced and have a very good atmosphere to them. I love this movie, it's just like a good detective story. I'm not sure why I'm so happy about this one. I really hope it's a good one in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a huge fan of comedy but this was funny, funny, and funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first thing I noticed about this film is how good it looks.   It has a beautiful color scheme, it is not overly saturated, the color is a little harsh at times, and it is easy to see how it was produced.  The story is well told, and is told with a light hand and an even hand.  It is very simple, but the film does not forget to show the important events of that time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story starts with a guy being trapped in a plane for 9 hours with no food or water. After a plane crash he wakes up in a strange house. A few years later the man is still alive and now he is married to a girl who he used to be very angry with. The story is interesting but it is nothing special. It's just a normal story that you've heard a million times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you get to know these characters, you know they're all just a bunch of weirdos who are always trying to get into the right kind of trouble, and it never fails.  They're just too fun to watch.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A well-acted, funny and enjoyable movie that doesn't really care about anything and will leave you with a good laugh.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie to ever have the word "ROCK" in its title!  A great movie!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has been made for an American audience. And I don't mind it because this is a really good movie. The only thing that I think would have been better was to have a little bit more of the character's life.   If you have never seen this movie you should do it now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most excellent film I've seen so far.   This is a wonderful movie.  It is set in a post-apocalyptic world, and is based on the book by Dan Simmons (a great writer), and is one of the most enjoyable and memorable films I have seen in quite some time.  The story is told in flashback form, and the characters and their backstories are all very well developed and interesting.  One of the highlights is the scene where a small town has to deal with a band of cannibals who have killed most of the inhabitants, and are preparing to come back for the women.  I loved this movie, and I hope the next one will be just as good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie opens with the scene where the main characters are all walking down the streets of New York.   It's a cool and calm scene that I think is one of the more realistic depictions of life in New York than anything I've seen in the movies.  The movie itself is a great movie with a lot of great character development and funny moments.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must-watch movie: A movie that has made me laugh so much I can't think about anything else! A great movie about a crazy woman and a crazy guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is awesome! It's a horror movie, but it's so awesome that it actually makes the movie more scary! The movie is about a bunch of kids who are in a haunted house and it's pretty awesome! I have to say though, I don't like this movie. It's just a buncha kids playing around in a scary place and they all freak out pretty much at the same time! It would be better if they had made it a horror/comedy movie, because that's what this is. It doesn't have the best story, but its so good that it's good enough! It also has one of the most awesome horror songs I've ever heard.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has a good story that doesn't really progress very far, but at least the ending is satisfying and even if it's not perfect, it's still a good ending to a good tale.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie last night on a Friday night in my dorm at Rutgers University. I have to admit I have never seen anything like it before. The story is very original and is a great story for a movie. It does have a few issues that keep it from being a great movie. The first issue is that it is very slow. I don't know why. The pacing is just a little slow and the scenes seem a little too short. The second issue is the acting. I am not sure who the lead actor is. I thought the lead actress was very good. She was strong, determined, and really did act. The character that was playing the bad guy was really really annoying. He acted like a spoiled rich brat and was really bad. The only good thing about the movie is the great music. The music is really good and it really added to the movie. I just wish that the acting was better. I mean it was only two hours so there are a few minor things that could have been done better. Overall I would say this is a really good movie and would recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like this movie you might also like: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie's premise is a little too simple: a bunch of kids are trapped in a cave and have to find a way to get out of it.   The movie follows the kids through their adventures, in a manner that is extremely kid-friendly.  It is a fairly short movie, at about 10 minutes long.  The only problem with this movie is the characters.  One kid is a big idiot, another kid is kind of annoying.  Another kid is so silly and stupid that he's almost laughable.  Overall, I enjoyed this movie a lot, although I think that it would be better off being an animated short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I'm not much of a horror fan I found the movie quite amusing, and not in a scary way. I enjoyed watching a group of people who have lost a member of their group find out that their friend is still alive and being held captive by the government. The characters were a bit too similar, but that was not a bad thing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this movie to be quite amusing and interesting.   The film's premise is very well done, and there is a lot of funny dialogue and funny action scenes, so you will find it entertaining.  A must watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is based on a novel written by a Jewish author named Michael Chabon. Chabons novel is about a Jewish family who are in the midst of trying to assimilate into American society. Their story is one of triumph. Chabad is the religion of the Chabad movement. This is a beautiful movie. I give it a thumbs up.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was watching this film with my husband and our two children. We loved it!   My husband said that this movie was really funny!  I also liked how the children acted like kids and played with the dolls.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good old-fashioned, low-budget monster movie with a good story, and some memorable characters.  The film is directed by Walter Hill (who directed a good number of good films) and is set in a world where giant insects are called "Sciuridae".  There are about a half dozen of them in the film and they are led by a creepy little guy with a creepy face who has a tendency to get into the way of everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best action movie ever made. The last 20 minutes are amazing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am in awe of the film. This is a film about the last of the Mohicans who fought for the British in the Revolutionary War. They are very good.  I do have to say that the story has some inconsistencies.   This is not a perfect film, but it is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      The movie starts off with a bunch of kids from an all-white middle class suburb.   When a bunch o' black kids come to town, they start an interracial fight, and this is where the movie starts to get really interesting.  The movie follows a bunch  of kids as they make the best of their circumstances in a tough world.  There's the occasional racial joke and it's not a big deal, but I found myself thinking about it and thinking about how this movie could have been much more.  If only it was filmed in the late 1980's.  This is an interesting story, and I look forward to seeing it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was just about to call it a good film, when I heard it was a remake. That's when I started to wonder if this movie is really a remake or not. This is a story about a man who is trying to find a girl who is going on a trip and then goes on a road trip with his friends. The girl turns out to be the one who is the source of all the trouble in this story.   As soon as I heard that, I was sure this was a real remake.  I think this movie has many of the same elements of the original. The humor is a bit less in this version, but it is still pretty funny.  It is very sad that the story of the girl and the man's adventures is not used in the movie. I wonder why?   It's a shame, because this movie should be a remake of the movie from 1974.   I have to admit that I really liked this movie.  The story was very well done and the actors were all very good.  Unfortunately, the remake is not quite as good as the original, but I think it is a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a very good movie, one of the best action movies I have ever seen.   I am not sure that it's the best movie from the 1960s, but it's definitely one of my favorites.  It is also one of those movies that can be enjoyed by anyone, even children. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this movie was pretty good and it was a nice story about a man who had a wife and a child, but one day he was killed and his wife became insane and now her son is the new owner of the house.   The movie was well written and it did what it set out to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great story about a small town and it's people, all of whom have a strange past together. I loved it, especially the little details that made me think about what is going on in this world, and what the world is going to be like in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is an extremely realistic portrayal of the events surrounding the killing of Kitty Genovese and her friend Rosemarie Tambourinello.   I think it is an excellent representation of how a crime can affect a community and a community can be made better by the good and bad of the criminals.  The movie is based on a true story and the actors portray the characters as realistically as possible.  A must watch for everyone interested in crime and how we can make a better world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a movie that I really enjoyed. The movie itself was a great story that I could not stop watching and enjoyed every minute of it. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good horror story and a good laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie over and over and I was not disappointed.  It is not as original as I thought it would be.   But it does the job, it is a good story about a family, a good way to get the kids in the Halloween spirit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Godfather Part II" is a classic of American crime cinema, and one of the most violent and memorable films ever made. It is the story of the Sicilian organized crime family known as the Bonannos who are back for a second time in a crime that will shake America to its core. The film stars Robert De Niro as Frank "The God" Corleone, who has made a career out of crime and now tries to make a name for himself in the political world of the United States. As Frank and his brother Michael Corleones, Jr. head to Washington, D.C. to meet with the heads of the Mafia to take back control of the crime syndicate, they are greeted by their own personal "Godfather" who turns out to be a violent psychopath with a twisted sense of justice. The story is a tale of how a family is destroyed by a ruthless criminal, the story is about power and power politics, and it is a story about the dark side of American culture. The movie also stars James Caan as mob boss Sonny CorleONE, who was shot to death by Sonny's rival and former partner, Joe Colombo, and was killed during a confrontation in a bar where Sonny had gotten drunk. It also stars Michael Dorn as Sonny's right-hand man, Sam Giancana, and John Cazale as Sonny Corleon's rival, Joe Piscopo. It was directed by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Martin Scorsese, who wrote the screenplay.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big fan of westerns, but this is a good one. The story is well told, the cinematography is superb, the acting is strong, the direction is brilliant, the music is excellent, and the action scenes are always great. This is a must see for western fans!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really love the movie. It's so funny and it's such a great time. The movie is a little silly but it's a great one. I'd give it a 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is the beautiful music.  It is a little eerie in a good way, and it makes me wonder what the hell is going on in this movie.  The other thing I like about this film is that it is very different from the previous one.   The movie starts with a big reveal at the end of the first act.  I was expecting that and was a little disappointed that it didn't happen until the end.  In the second act there is a big action scene that I found really exciting.  It is definitely worth watching, and is definitely a very good action movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie!   It is the first in a series of films directed by Richard Dreyfuss and his brother and co-screenwriter Brian Dreyfs.   In this film Richard Dreynolds plays the character of "The Phantom", a man who lives on the streets and uses a telephone booth as his living room.  He is often seen in a suit or a black suit and a red wig.  His apartment is a sort of hideout and he uses it for sex, and for a quick getaway to the store.  The story begins in 1946, the year that The Red Badge of Courage was first released.  Richard Dorefuss plays "The Red Badge" and the character is based on the Phantom of the Opera, who has a similar story to The Phantom.  Dreyfmuss plays the Phantom as he uses the telephone booth to get the mail and to take phone calls.  It was a story that made a good impression on the public and the actors did a good job of portraying the character.  While the Phantom uses the phone booth as a living space, he has his own apartment in the same apartment building.  There is also a store in the building and that store is where The Phantom meets his unfortunate demise.  In addition to his apartment, Dreyfnuss has a hotel room in the apartment building and there is a room in a local movie house where he works.  When the movie was released in 1946 there was a man on the cover of the movie.  This man was the actor Charles Boyer.  Boyer had an early part in the film and in the end of the film he appears and is seen walking down a hall.  As a matter of fact, he is walking down the same hall that Richard Deryn and John Randolph played Phantom of The Opera.  After his appearance in the movie, Boyer was not seen again until a couple of years later when the movie appeared in a couple more films.  In 1946, a couple months after the movie's release, the Phantom meets a young boy in the street and the two of them go to the movie theater to watch it.  Shortly after, the movie ends and it is obvious that the young boy is The Phantom of THE Opera.    This boy, who is called "The Kid", is in the company of an elderly woman.  She is a former prostitute who has been living with him
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a film about a boy who becomes a man, he is actually a boy.   There is a bit of a weird plot to the film, and a few scenes of it are not very appealing.  This movie is a little over the top, and I would not recommend it to anyone who doesn't like action movies, and if you are a fan of action movies then you probably wont enjoy this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this movie in the bargain bin at my local video store. It is a very funny movie with a good script and the acting is very good. This is an easy watch and the ending is a little funny. I would recommend this to anyone who is a fan of this movie or who likes the good humor and laughs in a film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a great one. The action is fast paced and exciting and the characters are all very likable.  I'm not a big action fan, but I think I'll get into it some day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows a young man who has a dream of being a baseball player. He's a tall kid with a great baseball arm. He does some amateur ball, gets signed by a big league team and then, when he's 17, he signs a contract with a big team. After that, he's off to the majors. He makes it to the big leagues in the big league. But his life gets complicated when he meets a girl who's a big star in her own right, and they have a child together. The movie is great fun.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of the original (I have to say, the remake is better) and of the sequels. I'm sure it's not that a movie can be great without the cast being great, but this cast is fantastic.  This movie has a bit of a plot which seems like a simple yet satisfying one. It begins in the small town of Kildare and follows the main character as he attempts to help the local school teacher to avenge his father's murder by finding and punishing the person responsible. This is a simple story with a few twists and turns, but it does it well.   The acting is just as great as the acting in the original. It's almost as if they wrote this movie as if it was a remake of a movie which was actually a remake (of the original) from the 1930s. It works great, with some great lines and characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best film of the year so far.    From the first moments of the movie, we see a movie in which the lead character is really something, even though she has no idea what she is doing.  This movie is very fast paced and very exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie about a girl who was abandoned in a shelter by her parents. After a chance encounter, she is saved from the shelter and ends up living in a small apartment with her cat, and an old man who lives with her. But her life is about to change. She has a new friend named Billy, a blind dog, who lives in her apartment. She also has a little sister named Annie, who is deaf. But what really makes her life interesting is that she is able to see her cat! This is the first time she has ever seen her cat. And she really loves it. She even has a favorite toy with her that is made from the fur of the cat. She is happy and content, even though she does not have any friends in the neighborhood. But, there is one person who is a good friend of hers. Her new roommate is a girl named Eliza who is about her age. Eliza is the only person who she really likes. And they are both looking forward to a happy life together.   The movie was very good. The cast was all very well done, and the story was interesting and interesting. It was a nice change from the usual romantic movies. It's interesting that this was the first movie to really show a deaf girl as a person. And it was a great way to show her feelings and feelings about her cat too.   the movie was great, I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who is interested in seeing how a deaf person lives. I would have liked to see a movie like this about a deaf woman.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am glad to have found this movie. I was not sure about watching a movie that deals with a person dying and then coming back to life, but this movie really got me into the movie. It was great. I enjoyed it very much. I hope the movie is made into a movie series.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a favorite, but I've gotta go with the first half, with its awesome fight scenes, intense and realistic characters, and some fantastic music.  If you don't like to fight, you might find the film boring at times, but for anyone who likes to see intense fights, there is no better movie to watch than " The Mask of Zorro "
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a simple and yet very effective story, told in a way that feels familiar, and it has a surprising ending, one which you can't help but be delighted by.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "If you like your science fiction and you like movies about space ships then you will love this movie.  I liked the way the director made it and the way he did it.    It was not too long.  The science was not bad and the action scenes were good.  "
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good story about a father's love for his daughter.   The movie is not as good as it should be, but it is good and worth watching.  I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a great homage to an old movie, "The Man with Two Brains".  It is a movie that I had seen before and it was a good flick.  That's all I can say about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    So there's a big, green, furry, red, yellow, white and blue-skinned beastie that is a cross between a bear, a walrus, and a hippopotamus. He's the leader of a bunch of other beasties that are pretty much the same as him, except they are less friendly, have fewer ears and less mouths. He lives in a house in the woods with his family. They don't want to go out into the open because the beasties like to go hunting. One day the whole family is in the house and the mother catches the beastie's eye, and he asks her if she'd like to have sex with him. She says no and he leaves. She then goes back to the house to fetch the baby bear and asks her mother to let her take the baby. When she goes to fetch it the mother gets so excited she trips over a root and the baby is left behind. The mother then runs around crying and crying and the beasty runs after her. They go back to where the baby was left and the mommy puts the baby in her mouth, and the other beastie eats her out of her mouth. Then the mom gets mad at the other monster, and they both go off to chase the other one around. After a while they get tired and stop running around. The mommy then tries to get the baby back by taking it into the woods, but the beast starts chasing her, and she ends up getting run over by a car. Then she runs to the baby and the monster eats her. She cries out in pain and the whole thing ends, except the monster has the baby with him, and takes off after the mother, who is screaming in terror, but there's no way to run away from him. When they finally run out of the woods the mother tries to catch up to the monster and she's about to catch him when he eats her, then he eats the baby, and then the mom goes back home. There are many different endings, all good.   I saw this movie at a movie theater in the early 1970s. I was not impressed, but I did have a few laughs. I think it would be a better movie today. It is just too bad that the creature is so much more like the old-fashioned monster movies. I am sure they would have made a much better movie if they were a bit more imaginative.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an interesting movie.  The movie is set in a small village in the north of Sweden.  The village has a pretty good church where a young woman named Sigrid is trying to get married to a farmer named Gisli.  Gisla's father is trying hard to convince Sigrad to marry him.   Sigrad is a bit of a rebellious girl who doesn't really want to marry Gislad.  It is clear from the start that she doesn't like him very much.  This conflict continues throughout the movie. At one point in the movie she actually runs off with the son of the church minister.  Sigras husband is trying really hard to get the girl back, but he can't.  After a series of mishaps and misunderstandings, Sigrads finally realizes what Gislar really wants.  But before this happens Sigrab has to marry the farmer Gislil.  I liked the movie very much, and I thought it was funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great story that is told well and with a nice soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's like the movie version of the video game.   "The Legend of Zelda"   The Legend of Link   This is a video game that looks like the comic book version of "The Lord of the Rings".   I have never read the book but this looks like it.   Read more...
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been on my radar for a while now, and it is now the film that I look forward to most in the month of June.  It is a real joy to see a film like this, it does not get more classic than "The Wizard of Oz" or "The Great Mouse Detective".  The acting is outstanding, the songs are catchy and the story is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In case you missed it: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the movie is basically a re-telling of The Godfather. That is, it's an entertaining movie that makes it clear that we're dealing with the Mafia, which makes for a good spaghetti western, if not for the fact that the film's two main protagonists are actually played by two different actors. This makes the movie feel like a little more than it actually is. This is not a bad thing, since the movie's plot is not too complicated, and I found myself enjoying it, even though the first half was kind of lame.   A big problem with this movie is that there is a scene in the movie that, although it is very good, just happens to be about the same time as the opening of the film, making the entire first half seem kind of anticlimactic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a man who's on a mission. His name is Chris, and he's a former child soldier who's now a "reformer" of sorts. When his father died he got sent to a school in the countryside. It's there that he meets a girl who has been taken from her mother when she was young. After an intense encounter they begin to fall in love. This is a beautiful movie that explores the themes of love, loss, and a father's devotion to his family. There's a lot of romance here and a lot to say about the subject, so be prepared. This movie will probably keep you on the edge of your seat for hours on end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very funny, and it's very well-acted.  It's not a good story, but it's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie for children.   If you're a fan of The Smurfs and you're at all interested in kids movies then this one is for you.  I loved it!   I'm still a bit young to watch a whole movie like this but I do like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first of a trilogy that I am sure will continue.  The second film was more action packed than the first, but the third is just as entertaining as the first two.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't have a great time watching this one, but I was entertained and had a good laugh.  The cast is great, and it is funny!  A little too funny to be good, but great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to attend a special screening of this film at the historic Grand Central Theatre in New York City.  It is the only time I've seen this film, and it is a wonderful film.  This is a fantastic movie about a father and his daughter, and their love and adventure throughout Europe.  I thought it was great that there was an actual movie theatre in this film. The cast of the film is amazing, and the story is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a great adventure with a great cast. This is not a movie you should take your mom to, but a good adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an interesting one.  It deals with the relationship between a mother and son, and the way their life is changing with the arrival of a young man who is much older than them.  The movie deals with some difficult issues, and some serious themes.    It is not a very good movie, but a very interesting one, and worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great comedy with a great twist on a classic story.   I found this film to be a pleasant surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a very enjoyable time watching this movie and it did not disappoint me.  The plot and characters were very well done and made me very excited to see where the movie goes next.    I am a huge fan of movies about cars and I'm glad I found this movie.  If you want to see some fun and good looking cars at a great price, you can't go wrong with this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm still not over the "B" of this movie. I have to say that the "D" part of this film was just plain stupid. It was like they just got the idea to make a parody of a movie they all love. The whole "story" behind this movie is just ridiculous. It's the same movie that the whole world laughed at in "Wizard of Oz". It's just plain silly. It didn't make me laugh. It made me feel bad. It wasn't a bad movie but it certainly wasn't anything that I would want to watch again. I can't wait to see the sequels!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was an enjoyable experience, and a very interesting story. It's a story about a man named James who has a special ability. When he walks into a room he can instantly bring a woman out of it, so he has to find a way to control this power. He can do it by walking over to the woman, and then putting a little kiss on her, then kissing her back. It does seem like he has a strange way of controlling his powers, which makes it interesting to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie. I like this kind of movies as they are not the kind of thing you see in a theater. A few times the film was very short but I thought that was good as it allowed the film to develop a good plot. The movie also has some great acting from many people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is very good. It's not your typical romantic movie, but a very good story with a good ending. I liked the movie, so I'm giving it 4.5 stars. I also like how the ending is really nice.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a real eye-opener.  The film is so much fun to watch that I can't stop watching.  I also found the ending to be extremely effective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As the title suggests, this is a documentary about a man named Jack Russell, who was shot in the neck by a deranged woman named Elizabeth Short and had his body burned. He lived for years after his death, until the story reached Hollywood and his story was retold as a ghost story.   It's not quite as good as the movie, but there's enough of the ghost story to make it a good ghost story as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the film is the "movie" of the title, which is basically a movie about how to get the hell out of Dodge. The plot of the story is very simple: a young man (Boyd) goes to work in a large factory. There are several men at work who are all having a bad time. They are constantly being bullied by other workers who think they can get by just by being bigger and stronger than the others. The film begins with the men at the factory going on strike. It is during this time that they discover that the manager has been cheating them out of money and that the other workers are not so bad. So now the workers are going to fight back, and when they do, they find that the boss is the boss. It turns out that he has a son who is in the service of the United States Navy and that he keeps him under lock and key. The son is a tough, smart, handsome, and athletic young man who does all he can to escape from his father and get back to the Navy. The workers are determined to get their money back and to get back at the son, who is an enemy of their enemies. As it turns out, the son is also an enemy, and he has been sent to the factory to be killed. The other workers do not take the killing very well, and they soon discover that they are not going to get anything for it. One by one, the workers take out their frustrations on the son and in the end he has to be put out of his misery.   This movie is not very good. There is not much going on. The story of the workers' struggle for their pay is very weak and the plot is pretty simple. There was not much of a plot to begin with. There were a couple of good scenes but that is about it.  The movie is about as close to good as you can get without going to a major motion picture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was pretty excited about this movie because it was supposed to be a remake of the great cult classic, The Thing from Another World. But as it turned out, the remake was a little too derivative, and it didn't really capture the spirit of the original. It was a fun little movie that I'm glad I watched, but I would have rather had The Thing to begin with. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I never knew how bad the movie was"     
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I love to dance, I love to make music, I have my own style, I like to make new things... I'm so happy that I'm a part of this project... I love you all!" - John Kander, Producer "I want to thank all of you who have been there, and I want to take a moment to thank John K. for his vision and for being so generous with his time. It is an honor to work with such a talented artist. John has a passion and an ability to make you feel like you're in the audience, and that is a great feeling. I know that John will be the first to admit that his music is influenced by the blues... that is the essence of John's soul, and John's music is just as influenced by that, and in that sense, I think that John has always been an artist who has lived in the moment. John is a wonderful guy who I am very proud to work for, and it's a pleasure to work together with John." - Tom Whelan, Director "I'm very happy to have worked with John on this project. He's a great talent who is a consummate storyteller. He brings a fresh perspective to the genre that's both familiar and new. He also has a wonderful sense of humor that is infectious." - John Hillcoat, Executive Producer "John's music has a great soul and a great sense of style. John can take a concept and make it his own, and he does it with a sense of authenticity that is truly inspiring." - Michael Mavity, Executive Director "John is an amazing storytellers. He can really capture the feeling of the blues and the spirit of the music. John brings a new perspective to these ideas and brings an energy that is just pure fun." - Chris DeFaria, Executive Vice President of Music, BMG "John has a very rich and original style, and has been influenced by a lot of different styles and artists over the years. The idea of a film that combines a musical performance with a story of the characters is a very unique approach, and one that we are excited to bring to the screen." - Mike O'Malley, Executive Chairman and CEO of Warner Bros. Records "John Kander has been a mainstay of the film industry and a vital part of the soundtrack community for decades. He is a musician and storytecker with a great appreciation for music. And he is
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good, even though it is a bit cheesy. The whole thing is a parody of '70s movies (with the exception of 'I Married A Communist'). But in that way, it's not really bad. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was born in 1969, so I'm in my late 50s now. I can't even remember when I was first a fan of comic books. My first comic was the original Marvel Comic's Daredevil back in the day, but I had no idea that it was based on an actual blind man, so no. When I found out about the new Batman TV series, I couldn't resist watching it. This new Batman is actually pretty good. It's not a perfect version, but it's still good. I'm a little surprised that Warner Bros. didn't go ahead and adapt this movie, since it was so good. And it's a good reason why you shouldn't skip watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time watching a live action movie with a budget of $5 million. I remember being amazed that they were able to pull off a believable live action film with only $5m budget.  It is still one of my favourite movies from the 1970's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title says it all.   A really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is an action packed, well thought out, well executed and well executed movie. I think it is about time for the series to end. This movie, along with its sequel, are definitely worth watching. I'd give it a 4.5 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... This is a great, funny, moving and very moving film... If you haven't seen it, you must!..   I'm sorry it took so long to review this film. It was one of the few films that I really wanted to watch. I'm glad I did, but I'm still disappointed.   It has the potential to be great.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When a big screen version of "Mamma Mia" (1948) came out in 1954, it was not a big hit. A little more than a year after the release, Paramount decided to make a sequel. And so it was, for "The Mummy Returns" (1959). It was a very good movie, but the "Mummy" had already been made. What I like about "The Mystery of the Mummy" is that it is a "movie" about a "Mum" who has a baby. What a good idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was a good story. It was good to see the two men try to find out who did this. It could be a possible clue.  The movie is a little slow at first, but gets more and more exciting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good.  It was really fun, I'd like to see it again, and there are some good laughs in it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I saw after having a stroke was this one, and I liked it a lot.  I know it's supposed to be a story about a man who can see ghosts, but I thought it was more of a supernatural action movie than a ghost movie.  It's really not a very good movie, but it's a fun movie with good acting, good music, and good special effects.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a well made movie, which was a nice surprise.   The acting is really good.  This was the first movie of a TV series that I've seen in a long time, and I liked it very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not quite an A-Grade, but a good one!  I'm a big fan of all the bad guys in the movie.  Their badness is so bad, I was in awe of the actors' ability to take it all on.    It's a funny movie. I'm sure I'm not the only one who thought that the movie would end with the bad guy saying, "What are you looking at?" and walking off into the sunset. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film starts off slow, and it's easy to lose track of what's going on, but as the story unfolds it's pretty much impossible to get out of your seat.  It's hard to tell if it's a realistic portrayal of the Vietnam War, or if it is a thinly disguised story about a soldier's quest to escape his past.  It's one of those rare war films where the war is depicted in a realistic way, and not in a melodramatic way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. I would give it an A.   The movie is very well-made and is worth watching.  The storyline is excellent.  There are many scenes in the movie where the characters are interacting in a very natural manner.  In addition, there is a strong theme of the life of a college student.  I did not see the movie, but from what I hear, this movie is a sequel to " The Other Woman ".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am not sure if it is a good thing or not that this movie does not have a good ending. The movie does have some interesting and interesting action sequences, and even if they were not very well done, it was still entertaining.   This movie is a great way to kill a few minutes and get a couple of laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fine comedy with some very good performances. The best of the "Caddyshack" films, although it was a little dated.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are so many bad movies out there, and I've been looking for one for years.   It's not that it's bad, just not very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a perfect example of the movie-maker at his best, bringing the story to life through great acting and direction, and a good story to tell.   The ending is great and the ending of this movie will stick in your head for days, and you'll want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is really a good, fun, and exciting movie about a crazy man and his son. The movie takes place in the year 2035. A man named Mark is driving his crazy crazy son in a car through the streets. Mark is the leader of a group of people who call themselves the 'Warm-Up Squad'. They are the first to get to the big city. They have all kinds of crazy plans to get rich quick. One day the squad finds a bunch of dead people on the ground. A couple of them have bullet holes in their head. The squad is about to go to the next city when a police officer named Johnny comes in and shoots Mark and kills his son in the street. The police officer was named Johnny and he is a real psychopath. He does not care about what he is doing. He is not interested in stopping crime, he just wants to get the money. The Warm-Up squad gets a new leader and Johnny goes to a restaurant and gets his revenge on Mark. He throws the old man to the ground and starts to beat him up. Mark tries to get help and the police are called. Mark has a heart attack and dies. Johnny has no remorse for killing his son and the squad leader goes to prison for life. Johnny is not really the type of person you want to be in the presence of. He has a bad temper and a strong will to live. He can be very aggressive and violent. Johnny gets his way in most of the movie and is pretty evil. The plot is pretty silly and the movie itself is pretty entertaining and the kids are pretty cool. I think it would be a good film to have in your home if you like horror movies. I am not a horror film fanatic but this movie is worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I didn't really understand a lot of what I was seeing at first. The story was simple. A guy is on his way home from a party and he doesn't know what happened to his car, he thinks it's stolen and he calls the police, but no one seems to be around. But then his phone rings and it's his ex-girlfriend. She tells him that she loves him and that she wants to get married and have a family. But she says that she doesn't have the money for the wedding, she's afraid she's going to lose her job and she has a bad back from years of smoking. She wants him to help her get some money to pay for her wedding. And he does, but it's a little more complicated than he thought.   The story is simple. The plot is simple, but not really. I guess that's what makes it work.  It has a simple plot, but the execution is really good. The acting is great and the dialogue is very clever and well written.  I've never seen a movie that has a plot so well thought out and written. The way they explain the plot is very smart and the way they build up the characters is also very smart.  The movie is also really well acted. It's funny, it's heart wrenching, it has some great acting, and it also has a great plot.  My Rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pleasantly surprised with how good this movie is.  It has a very good plot, with the "big" villain being played by an actor of great talent.   A well-rounded group of people, the "bunch" included.  It has a little bit of a "horror" plot, and it seems to be based on an actual real-life incident,  but it doesn't have a "twist" to it that would be annoying or out of place in a film of this sort.  The acting is good and it isn't particularly "creepy" in the least, so if that's what you're looking for,  you're not going to find it here.  As for the characters...well, I think there is something for everyone here.   The film is very good, and very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have not seen this movie but the trailer made me want to watch it.   It has a unique style and is not like any other movie.  A very nice little movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "I'm a Cop" movie is the story of a cop who makes a bad choice. The bad choice was to have his daughter arrested for murder and sentenced to life in prison.  When the girl turns 18 and she is released from prison, she has a job at a store where she works with her best friend.  They have a lot of fun together.    The movie has a lot to offer.  The actors are excellent.  There are many funny scenes that you won't be able to get out of your head.  In the end, the movie offers up a real emotional rollercoaster ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the film is excellent, and I have seen many films that were even better, but I think it is one of the best movies ever.   It was a real "wow" moment when I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was good.  I think the actors did a good job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The only thing you need to know about The Wizard of Oz is that Dorothy Gale is a wonderful actress." - John Waters "WONDERFUL, a little slow at times, but not so slow as to be boring." - Charles J. Shields, The New York Times, April 7, 1948 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Best of Both Worlds" is a fascinating and entertaining sci-fi/fantasy movie. The film is a mix of science fiction and fantasy and it works very well. The movie's director, John Sturges, has worked in a variety of genres, but he seems to be a good choice for a director to work with. The special effects are wonderful and the movie itself is very well acted and directed.   I would suggest that you buy the movie at a bargain price so you can see what all the fuss is about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is very funny and very entertaining. It has a good amount of humor that is enjoyable to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an action movie with a very strong story that gets good reactions from the audience.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good old fashioned comedy with a good bit of humor thrown in.  I don't know about you, but I am looking forward to the next installment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening scene of this movie is a masterpiece: The "The Exorcist" has one of the best opening scenes in cinema history. The film opens with the most haunting opening song of all time: "A Little Girl Loved by the Devil." As we get into the film we find out that the town of St. Mary's, Illinois has become so full of fear and superstition that a family of "devils" have moved in. The father is a former priest and the mother a devout Christian. They have had a very happy marriage. The devil and his wife were very fond of the little girl and used to go out every night with her to the woods. The Devil is not the only one who has the little girls, she has a whole gang. One night the little ones are out when they see the little house. It is a wooden structure, with a wooden door, a window and a chimney. The little girl runs into the house and finds it is all a lie. The house is actually an old abandoned mine, which has been turned into a haunted house. The girls run away from the house, but not before she is molested by the little devil and her breasts are pierced. The demon, the wife and her gang follow the girls. In the forest they meet a man named Ed. He is a miner, and is also a friend of the girls' father. The men find out where the girls are and try to help them, but they are soon turned into bats. They escape from the mine, but the miners follow them and are also turned into "devil" and bats. The miners manage to escape, but there is no time to rest as the little devils try to get into Ed's house. They do and the little children are also molested, then turned into bat. When the girls see the bats they run for their lives, but are also transformed into bats and the demons. The children try to stop the demons, but it is too late. The demons have them all by the throat. Ed, the children and the miners escape, with the help of the demon's daughter. The movie ends with the little demon and her little family. It has one hell of a ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The main protagonist, Sam, is a college dropout. He is also a bit of a coward. However, he has a strong desire to be the best. This is reflected in his love for football, the game he grew up loving. He's not much of a leader, but his determination to succeed is very strong.   As a film about a young man's determination to be a great football player, The Greatest Game Never Played is a good one.  It is a film that doesn't just focus on the football players. The film also shows the other important people in Sam's life. This movie is full of drama, and the dialogue is excellent.  A film like this is what we would expect out of a football movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot:  This is a tale of a group of misfits and loners who decide to break out of prison in order to steal some valuable artifacts from a museum.   However, they get caught up in a series of bizarre and bloody events, as the objects are not what they seem and some strange beings appear to be in the background. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The ending is just right.    This is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      This is a well-crafted, entertaining story about a couple of people who get caught in the middle of a crime spree and are forced to get help from a woman who seems to be the only one with any common sense in the whole neighborhood.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has its flaws, and its flaws are the only things that make it worthwhile. The movie has some of the best action scenes you'll see all year. The main character is a little too idealistic and naive, but I really think that is the point of the movie. There's no doubt that a film like this is going to bring a lot of attention to the film industry. The film is directed by a guy who has made a lot better films than this. It has a decent cast, but it's really up to the director to make the film a little more than it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a pretty well done movie.   The characters are all well drawn.  This movie takes place in an era where the military has been using "cure" techniques. It's hard to say why they're doing this, but I'm guessing it's a way to make soldiers more compliant, more docile, and easier to control.  When I first watched it, I thought it was a pretty boring movie. I guess that's why it's called "Movies."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't remember seeing it when I was a kid, but it was the first movie I ever saw with a voice-over that I don�t remember being a bad movie.   It was a very entertaining movie, especially in the way that the film portrayed the problems faced by black people in the United States, especially blacks in the South. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot is excellent. You are in a house that looks like a haunted house, with strange people hanging about. The story follows a group of boys who are going to the woods to play. They are the only people who dare to go into the woods. One of them is the main character. He is a bit of a daredevil, who likes to climb trees, but he does it in a very controlled way, like a boy climbing a tree in a park.       I found the movie very interesting, and I loved the humor in the movie.  The characters were very interesting.  I thought that the movie was very well done.  There were a couple of times when I thought the story had run out of steam, but that was a matter of time.  It was a very good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A beautiful film, one of the most beautifully shot films I've ever seen. I think it's a beautiful film because it was made by a true artist. It was made with love and it shows. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot.  The music is excellent and there is a great story.    The best part is when you see a baby running around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure I will see this one a lot. It's a very interesting film and the acting is terrific.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have seen. I watched it in a long drive with my family, and we didn't know what to expect, because the reviews had been so bad, but we were all hooked. The story is pretty simple, but the characters were all so well done. We have the typical tough guy, who has his life turned upside down when a girl with a stutter takes him to the woods. After the woods he meets a girl who has a stuttering problem, but then finds out that she is a witch. She has been locked up by the government and is trying to get out. I enjoyed this movie, and I have a feeling it will be one of those movies you watch over and over again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . ...   I am very impressed with the film.   The characters were all developed and well-drawn, and there is not a moment in the movie where one does not wish they were there.  I have no doubt that many of the scenes in this film will stay with me for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a big fan of the movie "The Shining" (1978), but it is one of my all-time favorite movies, especially the ending.  In the end, Jack Torrance finds himself back at the Overlook Hotel, with a bunch of creepy, weird people around him.  This is one hell of a way to go out: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not about war or anything of that nature. It is about how a group of people deal with a crisis of conscience when they are confronted with a situation they can't solve. The movie is about a group, made up of three people, who are all trying to figure out their place in the world, and each other. They find themselves stuck in a hotel and the hotel has a history. I loved this movie and the performances are all excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen any other movie like this one.   It's funny, it's good, it will make you laugh out loud, it'll make you cry at the end.  Posted by Scott R. at 11:51 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good.   It has a lot of jokes, a lot a dialogue, a great story and it is fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a wonderful film and one of the best I have seen. A great story and a great actor.  The film is set in an insane asylum that houses patients of the mental asylum who are insane and don't know it. One day the madman that runs the asylum is taken away to a different asylum. The film follows a very unusual group of patients. The main character is an alcoholic, a man who thinks he is God. One of the patients, a girl, wants to get away from the asylum. This is the story of her escape.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a lot of heart, with a couple of great moments. The best scene, though, is the one that introduces the new sheriff, where the sheriff is just a little too nice, and tries to get everyone to like him, but it just ends up being a little bit annoying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film with an interesting premise.  It was a good watch!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a hard time coming up with a bad movie to put on this list. This movie is an absolutely phenomenal one, as I'm sure everyone would agree.  The story is great, the story is simple, the characters are great and the acting is phenomenal.  The music is great and one of the best scenes in the movie is when the bad guy takes out a piece of wood and puts it in a small child's hand and asks her to play.    This movie will take you back to the old west and make you feel like you're a kid again, as you get to see the action from a kid's point of view.  This is one of those movies that you'll have to see to believe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Curse of the Vampire" is a very good movie.  This movie is set in the world of "The Vampire Diaries" and there are some elements of that world here that are very good. Â There are also elements of the "Supernatural" here.    The movie is very good at using a lot of flashbacks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny, entertaining, and poignant film about a young boy who has been left in charge of the orphanage he is in charge at, a day after his mother has died. His life revolves around a young girl, but as he is only 13 and she is only 11 she is left in a pretty odd situation. The movie has a very high level of acting, and as you watch the movie you begin to get the sense that the people who are making this movie have a sense of humour, and that is a rare quality in this day and age of films which are filled with mindless violence. I think that the film could be even more entertaining if it were made a little longer, and maybe the actors could have had more of a chance to show their comedic chops.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I haven't seen this film since it came out, but I remember it fondly.   The story is about a man who is so bad at his job that he is actually fired, but when his boss tells him to leave town, he goes instead.  What follows is an amazing adventure in which we see the man's efforts to find work at a nearby oil rig, and we see how much his boss cares about him.  I really liked the ending, which is not a happy ending, but it does have a happy note. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that I'm glad I saw this movie when I did. It was a really interesting movie, with some very well done action scenes and even a nice little romance in the last act.  It has a good amount of humor in it too.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very fun film.  If you like adventure and adventure films, this is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  I really enjoyed the movie and would recommend it to all who like a good story about a bad guy who is good at hiding it.  It is a good action movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know if it's fair to say that this movie is "better" than The Man Who Fell To Earth, but I think that's the only fair thing to say about it. For me, it's much more enjoyable and has a lot more personality. In fact, I was surprised at how much it seemed like a movie that you could actually sit back and watch for a few hours. It's got a real sense of humour and a great ending.   For a short, action packed movie, this one was really impressive. I'm not sure why the movie was made in the 80's, but it really stands out. It was pretty awesome seeing a movie where all of the actors really pulled their weight. The one who stood out for me the most was a young Richard Burton, who is known today as Richard Gere in Pretty Woman. He was a real standout actor, as well as a good character actor.   and that is the only reason I'd like to give this movie a 7 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A brilliant comedy about a group of four friends who get stranded on an island. They are all hopelessly lost, but they get along just fine. They find their way around, they have a lot of fun, and they all have a laugh. I've never seen a comedy more entertaining.   - April 7, 2014A classic!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was really good.   I loved this movie.  The story line is very well done.  They tell you the story of how the old man was brought up by the Native Americans and then they are on a journey to find the "Great White Father".  It was a good story line.  There are so many different characters in this movie and it all makes sense.  I didn't know what to expect from this movie but I think I am going to watch this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie like this is never easy to find. A must see movie for any horror movie fan.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot of this film is a good one: A young man in love with his girlfriend, a beautiful woman who has an affair with another man. She's also a virgin. He's also had an affair and has a lot of money. He tries to keep his relationship with the girl alive by taking her to various places to meet different men. But she's not interested. She has a baby and wants to be married. His only chance is to find a new woman to have an affair on her. The movie is also very funny. I like how the woman in love is always complaining about how bad her life is. The film is set in the 70s, so the style of the movie is kind of retro. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first few minutes of "The Godfather Part III" are the best thing in the film, and the whole movie is like that.   It's not really a sequel to the previous film in the series, so it's not a very good film, but it's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very enjoyable watch.   I've never really been a fan of this sort of story, and I was surprised at how much fun I had watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is fun. I thought the movie was really fun. This is a film I'd love to see again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it. I would like to have seen a lot more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well acted film that is very interesting and well done.  The best part of this movie is that the action scenes are pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been a huge fan of movies like this for a long time. This movie is about a young man who is working at a carnival. His mother is dying and he wants to do something to make her happy. He makes a deal with the carnival and they send him to the country to be with his grandfather. When he gets there, he meets a young woman who has been adopted by the carnies and he thinks he is going to fall in love with her. The movie is very dark, there are lots of things that happen that are not pretty and some of them can be very sad. I like the ending, it leaves a lot of questions open and I hope that the writers keep it going. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The second feature from director David Cronenberg, which is a very good movie. I really enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have not seen a bad movie since the first one in 1976. The first one was in black and white and the second one in color. These two films are great movies and I do not want to see them again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a confession to make: I'm not a big fan of comedies. I don't like jokes at all. I like to be serious and to think. I am a skeptic, and I believe that if you look for the real truth in a joke, you will find it. So, I am very skeptical about this movie. I mean, it's about a guy who has to pretend to be a girl so he can go to a fancy school. I'm sure I would like this movie, if it wasn't about a school full of rich people pretending to be stupid. And it isn't about "being a girl." It's about an aspiring actress trying to win an audition, and how this ends up being more about a bad movie (by the standards of this movie) than a good one.   So, what's so bad about this? Well, it is bad from the beginning: the opening scene has a group of actors playing pretend roles in a room with a man who appears to be an actor. They have to do a scene with the man, who seems to be some sort of a magician, and it seems that his tricks are so amazing that it makes them laugh. They laugh until they cry. The rest of the movie is just the same group of people, acting out the same scene. The only thing that is different is that each time the actor is pretending to have magic powers.   of the three parts of the "school" there are two parts that are really funny. The first part is when a group is trying to find a way to get out of a jam. One of the members of the group gets a job offer to work at a restaurant where the owner is kind of a douchebag. He doesn't like his own employees and has one of the employees act like he's an idiot. But it works. It's funny. In the second part, when the owner of the restaurant is trying not to get his own restaurant shut down, the owners of the other restaurants that are trying to get in are trying not only to shut the owner's restaurant down, but also to shut down the other restaurant. It is a real mess. And one of them is a girl.     It is a bad thing to have a bad film. It doesn't have to be. It could have been a good film. The problem is that the actors all have very bad accents. And I am not a huge fan
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Achilles Heel" movie is very different from its predecessors. First of all it is not about the story of an ancient Greek hero. It is about the history of the Trojan War from its beginnings to the Trojan Horse being destroyed by the god Zeus. This is a very interesting film and I recommend it to all movie fans.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good example of the type of movies we have been seeing recently. I enjoyed the story, the humor, and the visuals.   I am glad I went to this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is pretty much a re-working of the original The Shining   (1980)  .     The plot of the movie is a variation on the theme of the film (that is: a family vacation is interrupted by a visit to a haunted hotel, and the events at the hotel seem to be the result of a Satanic ritual).   Unlike The Shining, which is more or less about the family's reactions to a frightening experience (the "experience" of the hotel and its denizens, including the ghost of a woman who murdered her children, a vengeful ghost, and a murderous dwarf), this movie is much more about the problems of the main characters (the father and his wife, the mother and her husband, and their daughter).  This movie isn't really about the horrors of the supernatural (although there are plenty of scary things to be found there), but about the difficulties and tragedies of the human family.   I liked this movie quite a bit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a really good movie.   It takes a good story and makes it even better.  This story is not only about a man who is obsessed with the old TV show from the 80's.  He has a strange connection to the show.  The old TV has been turned on in a new location.  It has a new voice.  We learn about a family that is in the midst of a divorce.  When they are at the courthouse to see if their divorces were granted the old tv show is there to show them.  And it is not like the old show is just being played for laughs.  They are there for a reason.  A strange, funny, scary story with a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very well acted and directed and it has a very nice story line.   The music is very good, and there are plenty of great songs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have not seen this movie before, but I will watch it again and again. It is an excellent movie. The plot is very well thought out, the acting is excellent and the music is beautiful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:        My first trip to Universal Studios.   It was nice to see a lot of different types of films in one place, including some that I haven't seen before.  There are a lot more movies in the same genre than there were a few years ago, so that's something.  I don't really have a favorite movie in the bunch, but I liked "The Nightmare Before Christmas" and "Jumanji."  I like "Gremlins 2" and I like a lot the "Hook" movie, but this was a decent enough movie.  The "Beverly Hills Cop" sequel was pretty good, and I liked the "Batman" movie.    I was disappointed with "Pumpkinhead," but it was pretty funny.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only thing I would add is that in the original version the girl's mother is a doctor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well directed, the dialogue is clear and the acting is excellent.  This is a movie that should be watched by all people of all ages, including the children, and they should enjoy this movie very much.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been produced in the 1980's. The actor in the role of John Dillinger was played by a very nice young actor named Dennis Weaver. Dennis Weaver is a very young actor, but he is very talented and I hope that he will get the roles he wants in the future.  There are some scenes in the movie that were very entertaining, and the film had a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My son is the best, a big, strong guy who loves to play basketball and listen to music. He and his friends have a little party one night and then the police show up. It's fun to see the gang in a police line-up, and to see them all get arrested.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this a couple of years ago at the first ever SF convention in the UK. It was a pretty fun flick, with the characters acting pretty much as they should. The only thing I found somewhat odd is that the two main characters, and the entire crew seem to have been made out to be a bunch of idiots, even though they were all quite well-spoken. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pretty cool movie with a great cast, and the first one we see from a film crew. There are some great shots in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is simple, it's a simple story. What you see is what you get. It's a good film, and it's not a bad film either. It has a few things I did not like, but I like the way it is, and the end credits really do a nice job of setting up a nice, even ending to a good piece of action-horror.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      A funny movie with a funny ending.   It has been a while since I watched a movie this good, but this one has got the best ending I have ever seen!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie very entertaining. The acting is great, and the story is a simple one, but the actors did a great job with the role. It was just a simple story about a simple boy trying to find the meaning of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie opens with a flashback of the late 1970's where we see our protagonist, Jack (David A.R. White), a successful businessman and successful politician, having an affair with his mistress. In his quest for happiness, he has two sons (Dylan and Jack Jr.) who are in their early teens. Dylan is the best student in his class and the most popular boy in school. When the three of them go on a vacation to the Caribbean, they are in for a bumpy ride as the plane they are on goes down a mountain and is damaged beyond repair. When they return home they discover that the father is now a widower with two young sons.   "My favorite of the movies that came out during the 1970's. A movie about life, about the human condition. It is a film about family. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a good comedy to watch on the holiday weekend. "  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -I can't believe it's over!   If you like the Lord of the Rings movies or Lord of War: War in the North, you'll like this one as well.   The plot is well written, it's very good, the actors are good, and the music is excellent.  I would like to see a remake!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this on a Saturday night, and it had a lot of fun with its plot and its themes. The movie doesn't have much in the way of laughs, but that's the fun part. I didn't feel that I was watching a film with much depth and depth, but it is fun and the actors all have good personalities. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great flick that is a lot of fun to watch. It is set in a time when a lot was going on. The film takes place in a large, industrial-like city that was not very well planned out. A few streets were used as a stage for various activities. One of them was a carnival where a group of kids ride around and throw trash at each other and throw toys and other objects at the audience. The carnival is a good place to see children playing and being silly.   The movie follows a group that is called the "Krauthammer Kids" and they have a lot in common. They're all big kids, the biggest of them being a young man who is over six feet tall. The group of them are all different and they all have a love of mischief. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a year or so, we have the perfect movie to end our summer: a good buddy cop movie that doesn't feel rushed and that has a solid ending.   The movie starts with a little bit of background to give you a bit of the backstory of the character that is Detective Nick Miller (played by Jack Palance) who is an experienced police officer that was a member of the Miami PD for a number of years and has a good relationship with the people he works with.  He then moves to Miami Beach where he gets a promotion to Detective and takes up a case involving a very famous singer named Johnny Hallyday (played perfectly by the great John Lithgow).   When he gets the case, he finds out that Hally Day has been shot and killed, and the case gets a lot more complicated than the original investigators were able to make it.  With all the police and other people involved, they try to solve this case and find the murderer, but there is more than meets the eye with HallyDay's life and what happened to him.  It is a very good movie that you will enjoy and it has a great ending that makes you want to watch it again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, well-made movie about a guy that has his own little planet, where he has the only animal friend, a baby squirrel named Tico.  He has an interesting life with Tico and his father and the fact that the dad is always at his side, helps Tico develop a friendship with him.  It's funny, and a nice movie with a lot of heart and emotion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't know who the heck these guys were when I saw this movie, and I'm not even sure what movie I saw, because they just showed up and didn't even say a word to the audience. I'd guess this movie was about a guy who had a kid, and then he went to jail for some reason. It was the least interesting thing I've seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is great and the soundtrack is good. I was happy to see a sequel to this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like horror and action, then you will like this movie! It's a pretty good horror movie with some very good action sequences.  The special effects are good and the effects on the car were very cool.    I liked this movie and would recommend it to people who like good action.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is awesome.  The story line is about a group of people who decide to take on a big project.  After that, they end up getting some bad news.  So, they try to figure out what it is.  It's pretty much a classic tale of the evil overlord who takes over the town, using his army to do so.    It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the second time I have seen this movie. I have a great love for science fiction. I love the concept of aliens, and aliens in space! I just love the aliens. It is an amazing movie. This is a wonderful movie. It takes place in a future in which most humans are killed by a plague which is supposedly the work of the aliens themselves. After some investigation, it turns out that the plague was a hoax by the aliens to get human beings to cooperate and help them to conquer earth. The humans were tricked and used as weapons by the alien leaders. It was the humans who were killed, and it was the people who were used to fight the aliens and their weapon, the plague. It just takes a few minutes to understand that this is all a hoax, but I am sure it took a lot of thinking. I loved it! I recommend it to anyone who loves science fiction, and I can tell you that it is a great movie, and a great way to end a great film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Man Who Saved Christmas" is a good little film. The plot is simple: a man, (I forget his name) is driving home from a Christmas Eve party when he hears the sound of Christmas bells ringing. As he approaches a Christmas tree, he is amazed to find a small family of elves living there. He invites them to live with him and help him get over his Christmas hangover. Unfortunately, this is not to be. The family, as is the custom, becomes quite upset that he has stolen their Christmas, and the elves start screaming and cursing him for it.   So, there is a Christmas-type story about elves that we've all heard before. The movie is a bit more than that, but the elves are still fun to watch. I think the elves themselves are just a little too cute to be scary. They all have the same kind of faces and mannerisms. But, they are all cute and harmless. I guess that is why the movie is not scary. I mean, who wants to scare a bunch of little elves?   As for the story, I found it quite easy to follow. It's like a fairy tale that you would find in a children's storybook. The main character (the man) is not the only one to be involved in the Christmas-themed adventure. There are many other characters who also get involved in this Christmas-filled adventure. The film has a little over an hour and a half of the main character's holiday adventure. It is a little shorter than "The Santa Claus Conquers the Martians" and the other animated Christmas movies, but it still had a nice story.  .
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie! I felt like it was written by a mother of two. The movie reminded me of the good old days when I was a kid. I was not sure if it was a good film until I saw the ending.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie.    The actors are great.  I also like that this is a comedy, but it isn't a cheesy one.  It's actually pretty funny, and I like the way it was set up.  This movie is actually pretty good, but I'd rather watch something like The Godfather, or maybe The Deer Hunter  than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is good.  The characters are interesting and interesting characters in a good film.  The movie starts with an eerie score that is eerie enough to set the mood and make us anxious.    Then we have a woman who gets out of a car, it's raining and she doesn't seem to be in a hurry.  She looks like she has just woken up and is very calm and very calm.  Then the film gets really interesting.  This woman is called Jessica.  Her husband has just left for a business trip to New Orleans and now she's back home to a nice house with her son and a few cats.    She has a secret that she keeps from her husband.  It's not that she's not happy in her life, it is that she doesn' t want anyone else to be happy.  We follow her on her path through the house to her son's room and then into the bathroom.  Jessica finds the key and goes into the boy's bathroom to wash her hands.  In the boy' s bathroom, we find a book on a table and Jessica finds a piece of paper and she begins to write.  A little girl in the bathroom is watching her.  The little girl is called Katie.  Katie is the daughter of a rich family and she lives in a nice, large house.  And she loves her family.  But Katie is different from her parents.  Because of her, her mother has lost all of her money and her father is about to die.  All of a sudden, Katie and Jessica begin to love each other and Katie decides to follow her.       Katie is going to New York City and she wants to go with Jessica.   Katie's mother wants to come along too but she wants Katie to marry a rich man.  When Katie and her mom see each other for the first time, Katie wants to make a run for it.  So they run off together.  They have a little car chase but Katie is hit and Jessica takes the blame.  Katie is then arrested for the murder of Jessica's husband.   She is then taken to jail and we get to know her and see her in jail.  Karen St. John plays Katie. She is not a bad actress but she's a little over-the-top.  While the rest of the movie is pretty good, this movie doesn't do a very good job of
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is a perfect mix of action, comedy, drama, romance and some romance.   It has all the elements that make a good thriller, including suspense, suspenseful action and suspenseful dialogue.  It also has an almost Hitchcock like style to it.  The story is well written and has a twist that is never revealed.  There is an action scene that is very well done, the camera angles are good, and the special effects are well done.  I recommend this movie for anyone who enjoys good action and adventure, but also like a good romance.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved the movie, and I loved this story. I don't know if you've read the book, but it is absolutely perfect. The only thing I would change about the movie is the ending. The ending was too abrupt, and the fact that it came out so soon after the book was a little disappointing. I can't wait to read the next book.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a young man who, as a child, was raised by his uncle who taught him how to read. It was at an early age when his uncle's family moved away from the city. They went to a new house, and the old man was now dead. The boy was left alone, and he became interested in the house, the woods, and trees. He also began to play with a small wooden doll that he kept as a pet. One day, the boy found a small girl on the beach. The girl was naked, and had a strange smell. She asked the boy to go out with her and play, and when he did, the girl told him about a ghost in the woods. The ghost was called "The Spirit of the Woods." The boy then told the girl to tell her mother that she was his sister. The next day, he went to the woods with his sister, and saw the ghost with a large, long beard. The two girls were playing in the bushes when the ghost asked them to play together. The first girl said she could not, but she would come out if she was told a poem. The second girl said that she could. The third girl also did not want to go, but the ghost told her to do so. The three girls sat around a large oak tree. It then started to rain. The rain kept on, and they were wet. The spirits said to the girls, "Don't you dare be a fool. If you dare not, then I will go away, and you will not be able to see me again." Then the spirits went away. The young girl began to cry, but her mother told her that the ghost had a long beard and the girl would never see it again. The parents told their daughter that they would always remember her as a beautiful girl who lived in the forest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film, and one that will have you laughing and crying at the same time. It is a story of a man who discovers a small child, then a little boy, then two little girls, and finally a baby. The story follows the little girl and her family through the entire process of her pregnancy. It will be hard to find a film more moving and more beautiful than this one. This is an example of the true beauty of film. If you like films about a family with a child, I think you will love this one!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening scene of this movie is the only one that can make me laugh. This movie is a love story between a couple of young men.   When the young men see a woman who looks just like their mother they get the idea that it's their mom.    But that is not the case.  The story takes place in an English village. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never seen a movie with so many scenes that make you laugh, cry, and have a lot of fun. The acting is great, and even though the movie is set in Japan, the language and the dialogue is a bit cheesy, but it still works. I would recommend this to any movie lover!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've seen in a long time. I'm surprised I haven't seen it in a while, and even more surprised that I enjoyed it so much. The ending was great too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favorite thing about this movie is that it has a great sense of humor. The movie has some funny moments, like when the family sees a bird falling from a tree and says, "We'll take it." "We're the bird's parents." "I thought we were going to get a new house." "That was a beautiful house." This is a funny movie, but I don't recommend this movie to people who want to be funny, but don't want to get down and dirty.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I speak for many when I say that "Lucky" is a good time. The plot is simple and the film is funny, but the best parts are the performances. The cast is all talented and the script is clever and fun.  A funny and silly film, with some good acting, great comedy, and an excellent ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. The only negative about this movie is that it's not quite as good as the trailers make it out to be. However, I have to say that it is not bad at all, especially the last 20 minutes, which is just awesome.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's one of the best films I've ever seen and it's funny!   I didn't expect to like it so much but this is one of those movies that you can't really turn off.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is very interesting and the characters are well done. It is good to see a movie that is very different from the average.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pretty good. I found it to be very enjoyable and a very entertaining movie.  If you like adventure movies, and have a weak stomach, then this is the movie for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was a lot of fun. It was very well acted and the story was well told. The characters were all very well done. The only downside I found was the ending. It had a lot to do with a curse. I was thinking this movie could have been a real winner had it been the ending instead of a curse that causes the protagonist to die.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As far as I can tell, the movie is based on a book by the same title by a young writer who is trying to be published and getting into some of the same problems that Hanks has been through. But the movie doesn't really have a strong story to speak of.   The most interesting character in the movie, the young woman who is a dancer, has to be seen to be believed. I have never seen a woman dance quite like she does.  The music is good, but there is a lot of singing in the beginning.  A good movie that I can see myself watching many times in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed the movie immensely. It had a lot of good ideas, good character development and a good ending.   The movie does get a bit repetitive and not that good, but the ending is a surprise.  I don't think the movie is as good as it could be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the film was very well done. The characters are real.   It is very hard to put in words the feeling of horror I experienced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen it but I heard it was a good comedy with great acting. I loved the story and I love the fact that the writer did such a good job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a film I've been looking forward to for a while now. It's based on a true story, a real tragedy, a story about a young girl who is raped by a stranger, a young woman whose mother doesn't believe her and a policeman who believes in the young girl.   The film is set in an idyllic setting: The town of Krummach is an idylic place in Bavaria, a small village surrounded by rolling hills and picturesque valleys, a place of beauty and charm, a kind of fairyland where it's easy to forget that there are things happening in the real world. This is where the film begins. Krummelach is a small town in which everything seems to be going right. The little girl, Margarethe, who is nine years old, is happy, free, happy and innocent. She and her sister Lottie, who's nine, are going to the town for a picnic. It is August. The sun is shining, the flowers are blooming, the animals are playing. It feels like paradise to the little girl. Lotties is a bit more adventurous and curious. The two girls get on well with their parents, and their friends, and Lottsie is the "fun" one. They go to the railway station, and they get on the train. The train goes on for a long time, and for the two girls it's a joyous experience. Margarethere is on her way to a wedding. It all looks so simple and innocent: a girl getting on a train, a little picnic and a wedding in a few days. And that's when it all goes terribly wrong. The young girl is raped, brutally raped. Lettie is left to watch the little child in the room, alone and terrified.  There is no hope. There is nothing but a cruel nightmare, a nightmare that is so vivid, so horrible, so utterly evil, that it can only be described as hell on earth.  This film is not just a horror film. It isn't about a bad man doing bad things to a young child. It doesn't deal with the evil of the human heart. It deals with the absolute evil of evil, with the coldness of evil and the cruelty of evil. It shows that no matter how beautiful and beautiful things are, there is always evil. There are no good people in this film, only bad people who have
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "This is a very funny, touching, moving movie." -Tina Fey This is a film about a group of high school friends who are taking a trip to their hometown to see their family.  They arrive to see that they are in the middle of a small town.  The movie is about the four kids and the town they visit.    They get lost and end up in a cabin in the woods.  When they get home, they are attacked by a monster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie with a happy ending that takes place at a summer camp. I am not a big camp movie fan. I've never seen a camp movie before so I was a little hesitant about it. I'm glad I gave it a try. The movie has a good balance of humor and tragedy. The kids are fun to watch. I think I'll have a lot of fun with it in the future. I don't think I'd be able to stop watching it if I had to. I'd love to see the next one in the series.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film about a group of misfits trying to get by, in a rough part of the world. The movie is well shot and has a nice soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film. It's not a great film. But it's a good one.   It's an entertaining film about a man and his girlfriend who are having a difficult time in their relationship. He is trying to be the perfect husband, but it's difficult when his family is constantly on his case and it doesn't seem like he's going to be able to have a relationship with anyone but her.  The film also shows the difference between the man and the woman. He's a very intelligent man, but she's very naive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like the film. The music is great.  It is one of those movies that you have to watch at least a couple times to get the story, it is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very fun movie. I am not a fan of action movies but this one had a lot of action and good humor too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very well done, but the plot is a bit too clever for its own good.  A couple is planning on getting married in a small rural town, but their daughter (and a friend of the father) has fallen into the hands of a very evil and mysterious man who turns her into a monster.    I love the idea of a child turning into a beast.  It's not so scary as the movie might lead you to believe.  I think it's more interesting than a kid turning into the devil.  As the movie goes on, the father finds a way to bring his daughter back to life.  They are forced to face the truth about the father's past and how he turned the family in to a nightmare.  The movie is good, but I was not completely sure about the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, as well as it's sequels. The movie is a fairly simple story about a young girl who has fallen in love with a boy who is not very interested in her. She finds a box in her grandfather's attic, which is filled with various old things. She decides to look inside and finds a diary that her grandfather kept during World War II, which shows her family's story. The story is very touching and I was really surprised at how well done this movie was. The acting was very good and the animation was good, and the music was great. It's just a pity that it took so long for the second movie to be made. This is a movie I would recommend to everyone, and I would also recommend that you give it a try if you haven't yet.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to give it up for the amazing performance of Sam Rockwell as the lead character of a young man who is the victim of a vicious crime. This film has a great plot with a really great lead character, who is well acted by Sam Rock well, even better than the book.  The soundtrack is great and the movie does have a really good ending, I guess the ending has a little bit of an ending twist but that is the whole point of this film.   I really liked this film and the fact that it is based on a book I read when I was 10 years old was just amazing to me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie a lot.  It is not really a good one.  I liked it a lot but not much more than that.  The movie was not a bad one but it wasn't really a great one either.   I mean, you know, the movies of this type are pretty much always the same: the hero is trying to get revenge on his wife's killer (and a few other killers) while the wife is trying not to be killed by her husband, and she is trying very hard to stop him.  This movie didn't seem to be a particularly good one, but then I was not expecting it to be very good either.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  So a lot of good movies came out in the 80's, but a few of them have aged pretty well.  This one does too.  It's about a young man who's getting into trouble with the law.  His mother is a pretty good actress and his father a pretty bad one.  The family is really small, but they seem to love each other.  Then one day, when the father is leaving town, he takes the little boy with him, because he doesn't have a car and he wants to take the little one to the movies.  In the end, the father gets caught and the mother is put in jail.  I guess she was the better of the two.  If you have a child that loves you, this is one of the better movies to watch with your kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie, about a young man (R.I.P. ) from New York City who decides to move to San Francisco in the early '30s, is a great example of the old San Francisco comedy films. The film stars the great Harold Ramis, and is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a couple of bad habits and I was on the second one today.  It's a very well acted movie and I love the dialogue.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie a couple of weeks ago. It is a very good movie. I really liked it and the girls are very sexy. I'm not sure if I'm a girl myself but I can't imagine doing this kind of work, having to do it all by myself.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is very well done. I had seen this film twice before but never got to see it at its best.   I like that this movie is not only funny but it has a good plot and the best part is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the best movie in the "Halloween" series is "A Haunting." If you're a fan of the horror genre, then you'll love it. The movie was very entertaining, with lots of scares and blood. If you like your horror movies in 3/4, this is the one to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first film I ever saw with my parents was in the 80's.   It is a really cool movie with a great story about a group of people who are searching for a man who has disappeared.  It was great to see the first time and it is still great to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had the good fortune to see this film when it was on it's first run. I have always loved the work of Stephen King and this was no exception. It has a dark, chilling, yet very entertaining plot and is a wonderful way to spend an afternoon.   The title of this film is a misnomer, as there is no vampire, no ghost or any other supernatural creature to be seen in this film. It is a film about a young boy who finds a diary that has a long and mysterious message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few good horror movies that you'll ever see, but you won't find any gore or blood in this one.  The story of the film is that a group of friends go camping on a remote, isolated island in the middle of nowhere, with only a few supplies and no idea how to get back home.   The story is interesting and there is plenty of horror and humor to go around.  I give it a 9/10
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that the best thing about this movie is the fact that it is about a boy who loves a girl and is the only person who can save her. I think there are a few parts in the movie where it could have used a bit more humor but overall I like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a must watch, especially for the fans of the "Lucky" series. This is not the "Racing Strip" or "Horses and Stakes" of the original series but the "Shiny Golden Spike" of it. The first half of the movie shows a great deal of character development.   The first 30 minutes of the film are the most interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is the best part of the series. It has some good action scenes, and some very cool and creepy monsters. The story is good and the action is even better. I give it a 4.5 out of 5.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny and entertaining movie, with a nice ending.  There's no romance, but that doesn't matter.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the most entertaining, well-paced movie I've seen in a long time.   I don't even want to tell you how great it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've never heard of this movie before but it was a very good movie.    I'm glad I finally watched this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm very glad I found this movie, because it's a real shame that such a good film can't be released in the United States. It is a very well done movie that features good acting and the story line is very interesting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot:  This is an action/thriller/sci-fi movie. It's basically a mix of The Man With No Name and Escape From New York. In a futuristic world, people are born with the ability to turn into various animals, such as a tiger, a bird and a snake. This is a great idea and I was so excited to see it! I thought this movie was going to be just another "go to" action movie and I'm so happy to have been proven wrong.   This movie has a really cool and well-done sci-fi storyline. It starts out with a young boy who is in a zoo and finds out that he has the power to turn himself into a tiger. I really liked how the kid got into a whole lot of trouble and had to face a lot of danger in this movie.  In the beginning, we get to see how this guy turned himself into this amazing animal. We see him fighting, getting into trouble and running into walls. There's just so much to see in this film!   I liked the ending of this movie because it was cool and the whole cast did a really great job in this.  The music:  It's really good.  It has some great music and some really cool music. It has a nice sound track that really works in this world.  Overall:  If you're looking for a good action/sci fi movie, then this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was born in the early 80s. This was the year when I saw "The Shining" as a child, and was in the audience when "Lolita" was released. This is one of the best movies ever made. I've seen "The Wizard of Oz" twice, and this is the best one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of the movie is pretty simple. The main character is an evil mastermind and his plan is to control the entire world through fear. This is done by taking control of the most important organizations of the world. He then sets out to capture the most famous people in the world by having them become his followers. This includes the president of the United States and the world's most famous magician. I really liked the concept of this movie. I love movies that have a villain who tries to take over the world and I like to think that I have a good villain. I think that this movie would have been better if it had been done in a different style. I am glad that they did the movie the way it was because I like the movie and I think it is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching this movie for almost 40 years, and I love it. The movie is one of the most classic of the horror genre. It is about a woman who becomes possessed by the devil and wreaks havoc on the earth. The devil has a little trouble getting her to leave the body, but she does, leaving the earth in a mess. I am not going to give a synopsis of the movie, but I will say that it is an awesome movie and a must see. The only negative about the movie is that I can not see it in the theater anymore. I had to go back to my home to see it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is about a man who is trying to get back at his friend who has cheated on him and murdered his wife. His wife's mother was the mistress of a very rich and powerful man. Her son got her pregnant when she was 16 and was only 7 or 8 at the time. He was married to a very nice and pretty woman for a short time and she got pregnant. His father got the girl a gold watch and sent her off to a nice family and gave her a nice house in the country. The son went off to college to get an education and the rest of the story is in his mother's family and the friends of his mother. It was quite sad to watch the man attempt to get a revenge on his father by doing things to his father's friends. I thought the acting was good, there were a few laughs in there. I would like to see a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good old-fashioned ghost story with some supernatural aspects and good gothic atmosphere. The plot is somewhat reminiscent of the stories of The Woman in White and The Woman With the Lamp, with a ghost story set in a Gothic setting and with the usual supernatural aspects. It's a good story with good atmosphere, but it lacks the sense of mystery which one normally expects from a ghost movie, especially since most of the scenes are played out in a hotel room with little or no exposition. The main character of the film, who is a male, has a very dark past, which is only brought out more clearly as the movie goes on. I wouldn't call this movie a masterpiece, but I certainly would recommend it to anyone who likes ghost stories and gothics.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good film that has everything: great characters, great music, and great effects. I love the way they make the house move! I just love the house.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - April 16, 2009I love this movie. It has some really great moments. I love the little girl. I also love the kid who is going to be a hero. I think that the kid should be a little older and he should have been a little more intelligent to know that his momma is a witch. And if he had known what a witch was like, he would have told his mommies about her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The good:  This is an amazing movie that is based on a real event.  There are no special effects, just a story told by a good guy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very well done movie with a great cast and great production values.    As a movie, I liked it.  As a film, I thought it was a good film.  I would love to see it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A funny movie.   If you like comedy you'll like this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had a very solid script and decent acting. The film was well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As someone who has a lot of experience with the genre, I found this to be an enjoyable movie, that has a good balance between the comedy and action. The humor is very funny and it's very hard to not laugh at the jokes in this movie, the characters are all very relatable and the movie is very entertaining, but it's not perfect, there are a few weak points and the ending is a bit predictable, but overall this is a good and funny movie, it should be watched by fans of the genre as well as fans of comedy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story follows a group of friends who travel to a place called the Kingdom of the Dead, where the dead go to rest in eternal rest and all the living live in perpetual peace. It is a place where no one ever dies. It's also a place that the living never know what to do with themselves. The only people who know what they are supposed to do are the old people who are there to keep the peace.   This is a film I wish was a real film. It has all the right ingredients to be a good, classic movie. It looks very cool and there is some nice acting. However, it never quite takes off. I mean, there are some nice, memorable scenes but I don't think they are really the focus of the film. I like the music but I feel like it doesn't add a whole lot. I feel that the film is more about the people than the story. I guess I am supposed to enjoy this film because of how good it is.   the story is really great, but it really doesn't take off.   (1) It's really cool that the characters don't die in the end. They just go back to their normal lives.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad that I watched this movie. It's a good action movie.   It is based on the book by the same name. It is also a good book in itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic: a young boy is trapped in a giant stone building. His mother comes and finds him. She says he has to help her build a bridge over the river and the stone building is blocking her from doing so.  The boy has to find a way out and the movie is good fun with some clever dialogue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A brilliant and entertaining movie that combines the best aspects of old-fashioned horror with modern twists.   Director Christopher Yost ( The Blair Witch Project, The Sixth Sense ) is a master of genre, and has crafted a great film that will entertain and scare both young and old alike.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has a good story line.   There is some good action and some great special effects.  This movie has some of the best sound in any movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pretty much what a horror film should be, in the way that it's a good old-fashioned scare.  I'm not sure how I feel about this movie after watching it, since I've never seen anything like it before.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie quite a lot. It was entertaining and it had a lot of heart to it. I liked how it showed the struggle of the two families. I was a little disappointed with the ending. The end could have been better but I guess that's just the nature of the beast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a really good movie!  The film is a bit like an extended dreamscape of one's youth, and the imagery is a perfect example of that.  For me, this was my first "giant monster movie" (I have to admit, this is a pretty bold statement), and I am pleased to say that it was a very good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard that the plot of this film is a retelling of the "Miracle on Ice" in reverse. So, the story is that the players, two hockey players, played a game of hockey and one of them got injured, and the other player, the "goalie," is a goalie who is the team's goal. He is playing in the net, and he is holding the ball. He sees this other goalie and he runs out and tries to make a save, but the goalie does not let him go. So he gets in trouble with the other goalie, and then he gets his butt kicked.  And then the hero of the story, the goalie, is trying to get revenge on the goalie by kicking him in the face.  It is a nice story, and it is based on a true story. The movie is a good one, and is very entertaining.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie. I like the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this a few years ago and really enjoyed it. It was like a classic sci-fi movie that was never actually made.   What's so good about it?   A story that is very original and it's really hard to do well in that genre.    It's really an odd film but it's very well made.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been waiting for this movie to come out since I saw the original in 1981. The remake is well acted and is a faithful adaptation.   It's been done before, but it's a good enough story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am in love with this movie. It's a good time, and there is nothing like it on the block.   I like the movie, it's a bit long, but it has a lot of laughs and it's funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice, well acted and funny film.  I liked the story.    It has a little too much action for my tastes, but it's well-paced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The second feature from a new director, David Gordon Green, that has been a bit of a sleeper hit.  This is an interesting movie that has a great mix of comedy and drama, that is the type of film that a lot of people would enjoy watching.  It has a really good story, and it also has a good cast of characters that makes it a great film.  The only problem with this movie is that there are no action sequences, so it is all very slow paced, but it has a very good story and the action scenes are well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is set in a small village where the main character and her friend live. One day they meet the village shaman, who was apparently a child at one time, and has a very strange appearance. I won't describe the movie, because it's a very good movie and you don't need to describe it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are a lot of good films out there, and this one was a real treat.  The director, Andrew Bujalski, has directed a number of well done horror movies, but this one stands out for being very different and not being a typical horror film.  "The Thing" is an interesting blend of horror and sci-fi.   It's a movie where you can see a number  of things that are not quite right, and yet the story is still fun and a lot more interesting than you would think.  There are also a few twists and a couple of scary moments, but they are all pretty harmless and not at all over the top.  "The Thing," is definitely a worthwhile addition to the genre and a very entertaining movie, so if you like horror and are a sci- fi fan, this is definitely worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a blast, it had great acting and a cool story.  The film has a really awesome ending that will definitely be remembered.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As the title of this movie indicates, a man has a heart attack in a hospital. As a result, the doctors are afraid to perform an emergency heart transplant because of the risk to the donor. As the man is dying, a woman is about to give birth to a girl. This is an idealistic film about love, hope, and faith. The music by Peter Sellers is very good. It reminds me a lot of the movie A Night to Remember. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad to see that the movie is actually quite funny. There's some real good dialogue and good action scenes. The music is also good. The ending is pretty good. I wouldn't say that this is a masterpiece of animation, but it's a good one. I give it a 6.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The final nail in the coffin of the "I'm a bad person" trope is the realization that the man who would later be known as the baddest man on the planet is in fact the goodest.   He has saved many lives.    He is a very good father.  He is very good at everything he does.  He makes no mistakes.  His only failure is to not be in more movies.  This movie should be required viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie I have seen in a long time. This is the movie that I wish I had made when I was younger.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A couple of years ago I was lucky enough to meet a young British man, Tom, in an airport and have him help me out with a project. This film is the culmination of those efforts. It is the story of a guy who is just about to get out of the Air Force when he finds out that his girlfriend has been sent to a POW camp. Tom decides to get to know the POWs and he meets a very interesting guy who has a very dark past. There are a few odd things about this movie and the editing is not very good. I would recommend this movie for anyone who likes war movies, and a great film that is worth watching for all of those reasons.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to go into much detail, but I will say that I was impressed by this movie. The story was good, with an interesting character development that I couldn't help but love. I also liked the music, which was catchy and exciting. The characters were also well portrayed, with their strengths and weaknesses being well presented. I would recommend this to anyone who likes sci-fi, and is a fan of action and suspense.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes place in the late 1930's in a small town in the Pacific Northwest called Eureka.  A few years after World War II, the town has been taken over by a corporation that has built a huge research facility called the Eurek Chamber.  The film is really well made, with the actors all doing their job and delivering the story with a sense of realism.   One of the best parts of the film is the use of the color red. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the most authentic, authentic, authentically, authenticate, authentic, authentique, authentic, authentic, authenticity, authentic,  authenticity, authentic  movie  that I've seen.       A real movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My husband and I loved the movie. It is a very good example of the old-fashioned Hollywood thriller with some twists and turns along the way. It reminded us of the good old days.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   The "Tarantino Trilogy" is a classic movie-slash-fiction series. The films are all about characters who are not the most likable, but are also not the least interesting or well-rounded. In fact, they are so bland and uninteresting that I don't think there's much of a point in watching them. Tarantino's stories are mostly about men, and the characters are basically men with names, faces and names. The most interesting thing about "Django Unchained" is that we're introduced to an African-American man who becomes a slave, but we never see him get any kind of training. He's just a black guy who has the same skills as the other white guys, but because he's black, the white people aren't concerned about him or his feelings. The best part about Django is the way he talks to the white slave owners and the other slaves. He talks like a real human being and that's what really sets him apart from the other characters. I don´t think there is anything like that in the other films, and even though it doesn't mean the movie is bad, it still doesn't make for a good watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am really enjoying this movie. The director did a great job in showing how a child grows up. I thought the acting was well done as well.   If you are looking for a good laugh, watch this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie. I really liked it.   I liked it so much I decided to watch it over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining story of a family of three who take a trip to Florida, where their daughter is going to take a job as a "bunny lady" for a carnival. The family has a hard time adjusting to their new surroundings and are caught in a nasty hurricane which threatens to kill them all.  In the midst of the storm, the mother is sucked into a storm drain and drowned.   This is one of those rare movies which is not only entertaining, but also shows that the good times will always roll along with a smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I've seen all year.   This movie has everything:  A good story, a good protagonist, a really good movie, and it's a damn good movie!   It's a very interesting story about a girl who is sent to an insane asylum after an accident at work.  After a long time she realizes that she must be the "mad lady" at the asylum.  In order to save her life she goes to an old-fashioned carnival.  And the carnival is absolutely wonderful.  It features an amazing set of costumes.  I had to see this movie again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very funny, well-acted comedy about a man (R. Lee Ermey) who can't get a job at a department store because of a heart condition. So he decides to become a waiter and has a few more adventures.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great film about an average person who becomes a little more than average when his world is turned upside down by an accident that will change his life forever. It is a very dark and sad film with a wonderful score. It takes a lot of skill to make a film this good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's plot has all the hallmarks of a classic: a guy in a trenchcoat comes upon a young woman in a deserted field.  He seduces her and then gets shot by a sniper who has followed him for years.  After that the movie stays on this theme, but there are several changes in this story.   There is a new sniper, his name is Roberta.  This is the first time we see Roberta in action.  She is a great sniper.  Roberta has been in the army for a few years and is a veteran.  We see her as a young girl when she is very young and we see her again when she grows up.  When she is young she is sent to a boarding school where she is forced to take up knitting as a hobby.  As she grows older she becomes a nurse and it seems that she is happy about that.  After her graduation from nursing school she goes back to nursing school and then she becomes an emergency room doctor.  The movie doesn't really explain Roberta's job or what she does with her time.  There is a lot of mystery about Roberta that is not answered.  While Roberta is a nurse we never see her interact with the patient, but that doesn't mean that she doesn't do something.  For instance, when one of the patients in the hospital dies she goes into the room and helps the family bury the body.  In fact, there is a scene where Roberta takes a patient's pulse and then tells the family to tell the patient's parents what happened.  If Roberta was just a nurse who helped the patient and didn't tell the family the news about what happened she would be an incredibly boring nurse.  Her job is to save lives and we never get a clear picture of what she actually does.  That is not to say that she isn't a very good nurse.   She is very professional and is able to give advice and is also able to make decisions when it comes to patients.  Another thing that is interesting is that the patient who died was a man.  He was a veteran who had been a sniper for many years and his only mission in life was to kill the enemy.  It is very interesting to see how he developed this passion and how it has carried over into his civilian life.  What I like about this movie is that Roberta isn't just a great nurse. She is
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie. A good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the kind of movie that can be enjoyed by everyone.   A very well-told story about a girl named Sarah who is sent to a boarding school.  A school for girls.  Sarah is the only female in her class.  In fact, all of the other girls are boys, and one of them is a boy who has a penis.  The teacher is an ex-con named John, and the girls all hate him.  I loved this movie.  It has some beautiful imagery, with the girls wearing their frilly dresses, their hair in bows, and looking so pretty.  Also, the sound effects are excellent, the camera work is really good, and I love the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie in an IMAX at a little cinema I found in the middle of nowhere. It was just before the holidays so I went with a bunch of family members to watch it. My father is an avid sci-fi/fantasy fan and was pleased with the movie. He was impressed by how well done the CGI was. I like it! It was a fun and interesting movie. I'm sure it will be a classic one day.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film with a strong plot and a good story line.  This film was filmed in England and released in the U.S. in 1972.  The film tells the story of a girl who was raised in the backwoods of a small town.    She was raised by a single mother.  After being caught in a barn she discovers a strange object in the barn.  When she discovers the object she learns that she is the child of the Devil.  She is sent out to the city to become an entertainer.  It is said that in order to become a star she must have a very hot body and a very rich boyfriend.  While in the city she meets a man who turns out to be a very bad man.  They both have very bad personalities and one night she kills him.  Unfortunately for her, her boyfriend has just seen it and he and her go out to investigate.  This leads to the most horrible things to happen.  First she is raped by a man and then by a dog.  Finally she is killed by a voodoo priest.  A very interesting movie and I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun movie.   The only problem is that the film is a little too short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good story with an excellent performance from the lead actress, and an ending that is perfectly satisfying.  If you like this sort of movie, I think you'll like this movie too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film does a wonderful job at capturing the essence of the '70s in a very interesting and entertaining manner.   I would definitely recommend this film to any film buff out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is actually a great horror movie. There are some pretty creepy scenes in the movie, especially one that has me thinking of the horror movies I used to watch when I was a kid.    And there are a couple of pretty cool horror movies in this film: The first one is a very short movie that I didn't have the time to watch, but it's pretty cool.    The second one is an episode from the original show and it's a bit more gruesome than the first one, but I guess it's still pretty cool!   My only complaint about this movie is that there were some scenes that were too long and some that were very short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In all seriousness, this is a very funny movie. It is about a guy who is an astronaut, and a guy on a space shuttle. The first guy has a really long name, so it is always a good joke to say that his name is "Astronaut Guy". The second guy is a space janitor, and is constantly called by "Astrophysicist Guy". He does not get along with the astronaut, so the guy from the space shuttle is usually with the janitor. One time, they were in the middle of a space flight, and the janitors had to stay in orbit for a few hours. When they got back to Earth, the janitrator was in the car, and his space shuttle was still there. The astronaut called him and told him to get it, and when he gets home, he is going to tell him how much of a jerk the janitory guy is. The third guy is the only one who really enjoys working in space, but he gets tired of it so soon that he wants to go back to the planet. The second space shuttle had a leak, and had to go into orbit again. The janitor had a spare shuttle, and he went to work on it. After the shuttle returned to Earth it took off again, and this time, it made it back to space. The guy who went to space, now had to leave Earth to go home. He came back and told the janutrator what happened, and then the janitation guy called him back. The two had a great time together.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm a sucker for a good story.   In a nutshell, this movie is a "reboot" of a good old tale.  It's not so much a remake of the film, but a "retread".   It seems to me that the film makers were inspired by the great TV series (which aired in the US from 1974 to 1977).   This was also the last time that the actor who plays the main character, Michael Keaton, was in a movie.  He was a great actor, but I feel that he would have been better off playing a TV character than a role in a Hollywood movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is set in New York in the late 1960s, when the city is gripped by a "Carnival of Carnage." The main character, Alex, is an aspiring photographer who has been working with a photographer named Michael, whose photographs are published in the Times and the New York Daily News. The two become close friends and Michael takes Alex to his apartment where they spend time together. Michael is a violent alcoholic who has killed two people in the past and Alex thinks it's his destiny to end Michael's life. Michael, however, is not so sure.   Alex has a hard time getting to grips with Michael. When he first meets him, he feels like he is in a dream and that the images that Michael shows him are not real. However, Alex soon realises that the more he talks to Michael the more Alex realises he is a killer.   is a pretty good horror film. It's not scary but it does keep the tension high by using lots of jump scares and the film's ending is a bit of a twist. The only bad thing about the film is that it was filmed in the 1970s. The soundtrack is pretty good and has a good amount of the classic horror films like The Omen and The Osterman.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is simple. Two good friends who both want to get away from a bad town. But a good town doesn't always mean the right kind of town.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that is hard to describe. It is an action movie about a group of mercenaries in a foreign land. They are all trained by the Russian Army, so when they get to the Russian countryside they are treated like kings. One of the main characters is a Russian named Derya (a real hero, she is a real heroine) and she is also an accomplished fighter. Deryas is part of a group that is sent by the army to eliminate a large group of insurgents, but it is not easy. One by one the rebels are killed and the only survivor is Deryan. He is taken back to the army camp and tortured until he confesses everything. The rebels all swear to take revenge and that is exactly what they do. Daryas is executed, the rebels all die horribly, and the soldiers are slaughtered by the insurgents. I like how the Russians are depicted. They don't wear uniforms and they are not always wearing the most formal of garb. They have a sense of humor, and they do not always make the most logical choices. The ending is very powerful and very dramatic, and it leaves you wanting more.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie more than a few times now, but each time I've enjoyed it more and more.   The story is told through the eyes of a man who is a carpenter in a small town.  He has three daughters and a son, and he's a good man.  There is a great deal of sex in this movie, so don't expect it to be a soft and fluffy movie.  But what it is is an entertaining, charming and entertaining movie. It's a very well acted movie, and the characters are all well drawn.  This movie is funny and heartwarming, and it's a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's the last few minutes of the movie that really make it a winner.  I thought it was a very good movie, but there are two things that really stood out to me.    First, the fact that the audience actually knows the character, and he is not a generic anti-hero.  Second, the idea that a character is not really in control of his actions.  The way the movie plays out is that the character is having a mental breakdown.  He believes he has killed his wife, and believes that she is still alive.  When he tries to call her, she doesn't answer.  In his delusion he has become a killer, and wants to kill people who he believes are responsible for the death of his wife.  This is where the film goes from a good idea into a very interesting movie.  There are a few moments that are a bit predictable, but overall I really enjoyed it.  It is also a good film to watch with your kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a brief flashback to a time when the world's two largest countries were still in the war, the Nazis having recently been defeated in the Second World War. The German people, however, were still traumatized by the war. When a young German girl is abducted by the American soldiers, she is taken to a secret military base in America where she meets an American doctor, played by Richard Widmark, who helps her escape from the base. On her return to Germany she is given a job as a nurse at a mental hospital and is introduced to an old friend of hers named Dr. Pohlen. The two women meet for the first time and begin to fall in love. The film then cuts to the present, where the German doctor, after being attacked by a deranged German soldier, is saved by an American nurse and is sent to a military hospital. He soon begins to exhibit strange behavior and eventually goes mad. The Germans have been informed that they are to be invaded, and on this day, the day of their invasion, the German army is at the ready. The nurses attempt to escape with the German soldiers in an old train, but it is destroyed in the explosion of a bomb planted by the Americans. The soldiers kill everyone else on board. The Americans take the doctor prisoner and, with his help, kill the other German soldiers. They then take the German soldier's body out to a small lake, where he is buried alive. The movie ends with the nurses being transported to the American base, where they meet their friends and family.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am an aficionado of westerns, but I've never seen one that has me in tears.   A few years back, I read about the story in a movie review in a small-town newspaper. I was shocked at how much the story held up to a modern audience.  I was also surprised at the fact that it was a western, in a time when many westerns were still made in Hollywood.  The movie's main character, William Tell, is a rough-hewn outlaw who is sent by his father, a notorious killer, to help his uncle's son, who is a man of honor. He is assigned to accompany a train from Mexico City to Mexico.  After the train is stolen by a band of robbers, Tell is forced to kill a gang of bandits and escape with his life.  He finds a Mexican woman named Juanita (played by Laura Dern), who tells him that she is pregnant with his child.  She refuses to reveal the name of the father, but it is clear that she has a dark secret.  Tell also gets involved with the man's son and his wife, who are also thieves.  It's a wonderful movie that I highly recommend to anyone who likes a good western.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought I would watch the first movie because of the fact that it was a sequel. I wasn't expecting it to be a good sequel, but it wasn't bad at all. I didn't really care much for the characters in this one. I don't think I would have been too thrilled if the characters had been more likeable. They did make a few attempts at humor, but the film was mostly just a bunch of people hanging out at a party. I do have to say that the first couple of minutes of the movie were really creepy. I would think the first person who has ever been in a room full of people in a bathroom would be a little freaked out. I also thought the first "dancing" scene was a little bit silly. The best part of the film is when the guys go to a movie with the girl they had sex with earlier. The girl was really hot, and the two of them had a great time. I wouldn't be surprised if there was a couple of other people in the movie too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is like a combination of the best elements of movies like 'A Clockwork Orange' and 'The Last Temptation of Christ'. This is the story of a gang of thieves who rob a jewellery store and a bank. They are all in their early 20's and are all quite charming and likeable. The movie is filled with good and bad jokes and also some funny scenes. The acting is good and the music is nice. I also found the movie pretty realistic in some scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been reading a lot of reviews and I must say that I liked this movie. It's one of the best science fiction movies I have ever seen. The movie is a bit confusing, so if you don't understand what is going on or what the purpose of the movie is, I suggest you don a white lab coat and get to work. It is a brilliant film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie.  There are not too many sequels to this movie but I think it is a good one.  I also liked that there was no music in this movie, it was more of a slow motion movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      It was really a good idea. The film was made with the idea to do something different. I think it is a good film and a good thing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My daughter was 6 months old at the time of filming. We were driving along the Pacific Coast Highway. I was in a very good mood. The weather was great, it was a clear day. The beach was about a half mile away from the car. The director of the film, David M. Boorstein was a great man. His humor was always fun to see. His special effects were also very nice. I would like to see the movie again. I have a feeling it will be a popular one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an excellent comedy that will make you laugh and smile, even when the film is over.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this movie the character of the main character is the main protagonist in the movie. I mean, he is a really bad guy, he wants to be a hero, and he can be. It's a very interesting story, and it's an action movie in a way. I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a bit of a slog, but it does a good job of telling the story of a man whose love for his wife drives him to commit murder. He is not the most subtle murderer I have ever seen, but at least he seems to be trying to be as much a good man as he can. The movie also gives a bit more background to the murder than is usual.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a very good film with a good story and great acting, but unfortunately it is an average film in the sense that the characters are not really well developed and the movie is quite dull.    In other words: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film on an old VHS cassette tape. I was amazed that it was produced and made in the 70's. It's not too bad but I would like to see more of the characters.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had been wanting to see the movie "Shawshank" since I saw it on TV as a kid.   The first film in the series was so bad, it was a little scary even for a kid like me.  It took me a while to realize the genius of the script.  I watched this movie on a Monday night at about 10pm.  When I arrived at the theater, I was immediately greeted by the movie's stars:  the late, great Al Pacino.  He had an awesome performance as a tough inmate and his voice is a bit hoarse, but he makes the movie.  The scene where Pacino and his friend have a shootout with the guards was very realistic.  Also, the actors are all great.  There was a scene where the inmate is trying to get to the door.  But, he gets knocked to the ground by the guards.  That is a real fight scene that you can see and feel in the movie, but it never gets too scary.  You know that you are in a real prison.  This is one of the better prison movies, because the characters are real.  Some of the prisoners in this movie are interesting and have some funny scenes.  If you haven't seen this movie, I strongly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    When I was a kid I used to love this movie because it was really funny. This is the movie that made me a fan of bad movies and the worst bad movies. It is a great movie and one of the best bad movies ever. I think it was a bad movie at first but it gets better. The acting is awful. I mean the lead actor is so terrible he has to act like he's going to kill someone. I wish that there was a guy that could do the same job and I wish it was in a good bad movie. I have a few bad movie favorites but this is one of them. I highly recommend it!   Did you like this movie? Yes No
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movies and I've done a lot worse myself but the script was very good.  It's like a "Cabin in the Woods" meets "Hook" meets a "Twilight Zone"  The only thing I don't like about this is that the ending is so silly and that the film ended with a cliffhanger that could have been a decent movie if it had been done in a different style or had ended with something more meaningful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know who the hell the filmmakers are, but they sure know how to shoot a movie. This is a great movie. I was at a screening last night and a couple of my friends and I went up to the balcony of a friend's house and sat there for hours, talking about how great this movie is. It's funny, poignant, poignant. If you're a fan of movies like the "Alfie" and the "The Long Goodbye" you'll love this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      I think the story in this film is really interesting, and it really shows that the characters are well developed.   It has a lot of heart and some good action scenes.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to watch this movie over and over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good and interesting movie. I think that the idea of an island of people in a sea of ice is interesting. It's a good time. I enjoyed it and hope to see more of this kind of movie in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It has all the things a good horror movie should have. The actors are great. The story is well written. The ending is very suspenseful. The only thing I don't like about this movie is that the ending doesn't happen in the beginning of the movie. I think that this movie could have been much better had it been in the middle of the film. I give this movie a 4/5.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. It has all the action, intrigue, horror, humor, and mystery that the best films of this genre have to offer. It's not a story about a hero who must fight for the right to marry, it's about a guy who must live with his parents after his father is killed in a car accident. I was surprised that the author was able to get his father's story into a movie. I'm sure it's one of those movies you watch on a rainy day and say "that was the most perfect movie I've ever seen!" I really loved it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film takes place in a small town where the residents live their lives without the benefit of modern conveniences. It is not very interesting as it is a story of a few people who are in a car that goes out of control. They get a flat tire on the road and end up in a town that is not a place to stay for long. I am not a fan of the horror genre, but the movie is not bad. It has some nice scenes and a good ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  You don't need a lot of imagination to come up with a movie about a girl who runs a dog store. She lives with her husband, a handyman who keeps the shop going, and their dog. The dog has been with them for a few years now, and we get a bit of a glimpse into the dog's life as it grows and gets used to life in the neighborhood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always been a fan of Michael J. Fox and I love the fact that he's playing an old school cop now! The movie itself was good, it's not one of my favorites, but it's a fun watch and I think Fox was great!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the end I found myself enjoying the film even more than the trailers.  The movie is set in a post-apocalyptic world and the action starts right after the opening credits.    The film is about a group of people who have survived the plague in the year 2000.  The group consists of an elderly woman (Gillian Anderson) who has taken the children in her care into her home to try and get them fed and watered.  She also has two dogs who are her caretakers.  It's obvious from the beginning that there's going to be some tension between the group of survivors and the people who want to kill them.  This tension is what really keeps the movie from getting too predictable.  The tension is not too intense and there are no jump scares.  I found the film to be very good.  Gillian Anderson is terrific and she gives the characters a believable sense of danger.  There are no over the top action scenes.  If you want a movie to be exciting and interesting and scary then this is the movie for you.  My only complaint is that there is a slight continuity error which gives the ending a bit of a cliffhanger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Last Temptation of Christ" is an excellent movie. The movie is very well made and the acting is excellent. It is a movie that has a very high quality, but it does not have that same high quality as "The King's Speech". It is very good to watch, but I did not think that it was that good. It did have a high quality. The music is a little different from that of "The Last King" but it is very, very good. If you are looking for a good, entertaining movie then "The Temptations" is one that you need to see. It has a great story, and is well acted. The best part of this movie is when Jesus Christ himself comes to the rescue of Judas Iscariot and he is a really good guy.   (Review was originally published on: http://www.boredomwithbible.com/2007/02/the-last-temptation-of-christ-and-judas-iscariots-fall.html
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In case you haven't seen it yet, watch this one.  It's a pretty good movie and it's very funny.  I recommend it to all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with a flashback to the day when a man named Robert L. Brooks shot himself with a pistol, after having been involved in a high speed chase.  The chase began when a police officer pulled over Brooks's car because he was driving so fast, the officer was afraid he would hit the curb or something.  As Brooks drove away, the police officer followed, but as soon as Brooks turned into the driveway of a house, the cop opened fire, and Brooks drove off.  Brooks stopped at a home and found that the home's owner had been killed by a shotgun blast, and the shotgun had been in the house.  He drove off in search of a replacement shotgun.  While he was searching, a car drove by and he honked the horn, and it did not stop.  That was when Brooks saw the silhouette of a man dressed in black.  It was the man who had shot him.  Robert Brooks ran back to the car and got the shotgun.  He fired a single shot at the silhouette, which went right through the windshield and went right in front of Brooks's face.  At that point, Brooks realized that the man was really him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's not perfect but it's a good film.   This is an excellent and thought provoking movie that has nothing to do with any kind of religious fanaticism.  I enjoyed it and hope that this movie gets an extended run at some point in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found the first half of this film to be very, very good. It had all the elements that make a good action film. The pacing was good, and the acting was great. I had no problems with the film.   But after the first hour of the film, it became obvious that this film was written and directed by an imbecile who does not understand the concept of action.  And to add insult to injury, this movie has the same acting team as "The Rock", but they are no longer "Rock" and "Roll", and they are all playing different roles (at least at the beginning of the movie).   This is the most boring, pointless, pointless movie I have seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a family living in a trailer park. They have two children who are pretty much spoiled rotten. They eat what they want and when they have no more left in their stomachs they go out to the big city to get some more food. One night they get a ride on a train that is going through a tunnel. They walk along the tunnel and the train comes to a stop and they see a strange looking thing with two eyes and a mouth. One of the kids says "I think we are going to die." The other says "Well it's not so bad. We have a good life ahead of us."  The trailer park is located in the town of Fond du Lac. There are a few other people living in the trailer park but they are not the only people in the world. There is a group of people who live in the woods and they are called The Shady Grove. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good time, even though it is only 30 minutes long.  I was amazed by how many things that happen.  One thing I have to tell you is that the director is really good at writing the script.  In fact, this movie is very good for anyone who likes a good story.  The movie has some beautiful music, and I have a feeling that there will be more movies like this in the future.  This is a movie that I would recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film like this needs a lot of good actors in it, so it's no surprise that all of them do very well.  I like how they don't try to explain anything, just letting it play out as it should, and that's not an easy thing to do.  I was not a huge fan of the movie at first, but after a while I became a fan.    It's not a great film, but a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are some really funny scenes in this movie, and I really liked them. I would like to add that it is very funny and the plot is a good one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best kind of sci-fi movies, the kind that make you feel as though you're being transported to another world and time.   This movie is a perfect example of how science fiction movies can be both thrilling and realistic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film about a young woman who gets lost in a forest. She makes her way back home by hiking a river. Her path is obstructed by an old man who stops to talk to her. She is startled and confused and he suggests that she go to a church and ask the bishop for help. She does, but as she gets there, she meets a man who seems to be a priest.  The priest's name is St. Francis Xavier.  They meet again at a church where the bishop is holding a special service. St. Xavier asks her if she has any questions.  The movie is wonderful.   I loved the ending!   There are so many characters and so much to be loved! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent film from an excellent director, with a terrific cast and a terrific plot, which is as good as it gets in a horror film.    A great example of the "no holds barred" style of filmmaking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, solid film. It's a story about the lives of two characters who are working at a hotel. The hotel is run by a big-time con-man who has a group of people working for him and a woman named Edna, who is an exotic dancer, who gets all the business. I don't like that these people have the same bad habits, but it's good. There are a lot of action scenes, including some nice car chases, but they are well handled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film back in the late 70's. I was just a kid when I saw it. I can't remember how old I was when I first saw it, but I was definitely in the age range of 12-14 at the time. I just thought the movie was funny. The story is about a group of kids who all get together and play a prank on their school teacher who is trying to get rid of them. He does so by telling them all that he is going to throw a ball through a tree, but only after they have all seen the movie, and they all decide that they will not believe it. When he tells them that they are all going to have to take a field trip to see the movie at the same time, all of the kids get excited, and go to the movie. When they get there, they all have the same thought. They say that the movie is "a lie", and it is not. The next thing they know, they are being dragged out of the movie theatre, and into a dark tunnel. It is a long tunnel, and there is a light at the end. The kids are scared, and don't want to leave. The teacher thinks that it is a game that they have been playing, but it is really the truth. So, he decides that he will make a movie, but with the kids all playing it out. It's funny, and I still watch it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great thriller that doesn't just follow the plot of the movie, but rather sets out to tell a story about how one man tries to keep his family and friends together and deal with the loss of his best friend.   It is one of those rare movies that takes itself a little more seriously than others. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the film was really good, a lot of fun.   It has a great script, a good plot and a nice and funny performance by Bruce Willis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie.   - August 21, 2012The first time I saw this movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had been looking for a good western to watch for years. I found it here. I enjoyed it. I was surprised how good this movie was. The acting was good. The plot was good too. I would have liked a few more good songs to listen to. It would have been nice to see more of the "good" folks. I'm just glad I saw this before I died. It was a good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good action movie and the first thing that stands out is that it's directed by Bruce Willis.   The second is that the characters are all very realistic and the plot is actually pretty well plotted.  This film is an interesting take on the martial arts genre and it works well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As soon as I heard the news about the casting of the new Batman and Robin, I thought that I was going to get myself into a big mess. I had seen The Adventures of Batman and Catwoman (1988) before, so I knew that this would be no different. I expected to be completely bored with the film, and I was. It was so bad that I actually wanted to stop watching it. I thought I was about to give up on the Batman franchise and just stop watching superhero films altogether. I didn't have that kind of luck. It wasn't all bad though. There were a couple of nice scenes, like the one in which Catwoman has a flashback to her past as a super-villain and Batman gets the attention of a woman who had lost her husband in a plane crash. It would have been nice to see Batman go up against Superman for a bit too, but I guess I'm more interested in seeing Bruce Wayne kick ass in this movie than fighting Superman. The villain was good, and the film had a few great moments. The final fight scene between Batman and the Joker was good too, as the Joker gets his ass handed to him by the Dark Knight.   If you don't mind your hero kicking ass and not having a good time, this is a good way to pass the time. If you are a Batman fan, you will like it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not a classic, but it is a fun movie that is very much worth seeing. The film is fun and fast paced and well shot. There are a lot of action scenes, but they are all well done and the effects are impressive. The only thing I didn't like about the film was the music. The music was okay, but not as great as I would have liked. It was good though. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great piece of work. It's a very entertaining movie, it has a great plot, great characters and great story telling. It makes for a great summer movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to call this an art house movie, but I think it's better than that.  This is a film about a beautiful woman who has to face a horrible death at the hands of a psychopath.    There is a bit of nudity in the beginning, but the film moves along very quickly.  The movie also has some good actors in it and I think they are all very good.  This film has a lot of good acting and I'd recommend it to everyone who likes a little art house, horror, and drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that makes you feel like you're in the middle of an adventure, a time machine, a spaceship and a time travel machine all rolled into one, but you won't find any of those things in the movie, that's why it's a movie: it has nothing to do with science or time travel.  The movie was created by a team of French filmmakers, the same people who have done the same thing in their movies in the past, and we have the same kind of style:  This is like a good comic book that has some sci-fi elements, and some historical elements, but none of it really matters, it's all about a guy who wants to go back in time and get his girlfriend back, but then he has to contend with a lot of problems that just aren't important enough to be considered in the plot, so the story is basically "get the girl back, go back and save the world" with a few special effects thrown in.   The story was good, the acting was good and the cinematography was pretty good.  I really like it, the special effects are a little low-budget, but it's still an interesting and fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been so pleased to be at the movies.  The cast was terrific.    It was fun to see the movie where they are all having fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, well made.   The story is great, the characterizations are very realistic and sympathetic.  There are many good lines and great performances.  This is a great movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love these little films.   The writing is very good, and the characters are so believable.  It's just about as good as it gets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie a lot and had a great time watching it!   The first time I saw it I was a bit confused by the story line, but after watching it a couple of times I got it.   It's a nice story about a man who is very much in love with a beautiful woman.  He wants her so bad that he starts to change from the good guy to the bad guy.  It all leads to a pretty epic showdown and a good final scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie a lot. It was entertaining and the plot was interesting. I really liked the scene where we were shown how the kids at the school get into trouble because they are bad students.   This movie is definitely one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      In this world of vampires, werewolves and vampires, there is one thing that unites the undead.   There is a good sense of humor to be found in this movie.  It is a very dark comedy, with some very silly moments.  A little girl finds her father dead in the bed, and a strange man appears in her room and starts telling her to do some chores.  Her father was a vampire.  When the girl goes outside, she finds out that she is still a vampire and that the guy who appeared to her was the Vampire of the Dead.  As it turns out, she is a little girl who has lost her father to a vampire who turned him into a werewolf.  She has to do all the chores she can find to help pay for the house she is renting.  This is a movie with a very funny ending.  There are a lot of vampires in this film, and this movie is very dark, but there is something about this movie that is very touching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun movie to watch. It is very similar to The Princess Bride, except that instead of the main character's fiance trying to kill her to win the hand of the woman he loves, she has an evil twin who tries to kill the main hero. I really liked this movie and I liked it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a very funny movie and it has a very dark story line.   The movie has a few moments of darkness but it does not overwhelm the fun of the movie.  The ending is good as well.  This is a good film and a good ending to a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie and I think that most people should too.   It is a good story that has some pretty cool special effects.  The acting was solid and believable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are many good movies made in the 1930s.  But, for me, the best is the first film in which I saw George Cukor, and my mind is blown with its beauty and power. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is very well acted and the dialogue is witty, funny, and sometimes just a bit awkward, but there are very few movies that come close to this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In case you didn't notice, there's a new "Jurassic Park" in town, and it's pretty awesome.  The dinosaur movie is the "official" sequel to the original, and the story and characters have stayed mostly the same.    A good sequel to a good dinosaur movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film. I enjoyed it a lot, and it was entertaining as hell!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The last of the trilogy! It's really a shame that the first movie didn't do much to improve my opinion of the series.    This is a good looking movie.  I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this movie. I guess I wasn't expecting much, as I have always been disappointed with the first two movies.  There are some nice scenes and some really good action scenes.  The movie ends with a surprise and I think it was worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    " The Big Short "   Director Adam McKay and writer Charles Randolph have crafted a clever, clever, smart, and funny movie about how shortsighted thinking can lead to big things, and how the "great" can always be wrong, and always can be beaten.   This movie is not for everyone, but if you enjoy comedy, then you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film about a man who is forced to go through his life, like any other man in his situation, by the people he loves.  It is about a young man who has lost his family and his way of life.  He is also going through a lot of pain and suffering.  I am not a huge fan of these kinds of films, and I found it a bit dull, but it's worth watching if you have a couple of hours to kill.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie and a good time. The movie is a little funny but mostly sad.   - January 31, 2006A Good Movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that most of the people who enjoy the movie will be the ones who don't give a damn about the story, and will just sit through the movie with a smile on their face and a laugh in their heart.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of movies this year, and a few that are really good.  This one is a good, entertaining movie that has a great soundtrack.  I like this movie and I think it's the first time a black actor has been cast in a starring role in a movie and has been successful.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with a good story. It is the story of a couple who are living in the middle of nowhere, a town they don't even know. They are a young couple, so young they don´t know how old they really are. They have a daughter who is going to school. She is so beautiful she is a magnet for men. But there are many more men who will be attracted to her if she is around. They try to keep her in a small room so she can get away from men. It works but she never really does. There is a boy who is so handsome that men want to marry him. He is a doctor who works in a large hospital. He has a large family. The only way he can support them is by finding a wife. He meets this beautiful girl who is the opposite of his wife and they fall in love. But he also wants a wife and the doctor can't get one. He goes to an old friend of his and asks him to help him. The old friend agrees to help, but the girl wants to leave with the doctor. This is the problem. She does not want to leave her husband. But the doctor is too proud and wants to keep the girl. He asks the old friend to give her a hand and he makes her give him a hand in return. He gives her a good hand, but there is no guarantee it will be good enough. He leaves and they are on their way to a small town to meet their daughter.   A great movie. The music is good and it is an enjoyable movie. It has a good message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie that tells a good story about a great man.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The movie does not have a very good plot. It's too simplistic. The character development is very bad. The movie is boring and boring. It has a great ending but it's still boring. The acting was not bad but it was too bad."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a very good movie, especially for a Saturday matinee. I like the concept of a boy in a house. I liked the movie a lot. I think it was one of the best movies ever made. It is good to see how well done a little boy can become. I recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of this film is really good. The characters are likeable, the story is engaging and the ending is satisfying. The second half is a bit confusing, but is not too hard to follow, even if it does involve a lot of back and forth.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a nice little story of a good guy, but one who does his duty and goes to war. This is the type of movie where you can find something to admire in every little detail. It has a bit of a camp feel, but the fact that it is so low budget is not a problem. The sound is very well done, the characterizations are not the best, but I do like the way the film is edited, with lots of close ups of the people doing the talking and of the explosions. I have seen this film twice, but am now very fond of it. I think this is the kind of film that will appeal to the audience.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is one of the funniest movies I've seen. It was very well acted and directed and a great cast.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I was a child I loved this movie, it was a good film that has a very good story line and a good ending.  There are a couple of things that bother me in this movie and they are the story line as it was told to us, I think that there should be some kind of editing to it to make it more enjoyable for our eyes.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must see for all those who are fans of classic adventure movies.   The movie is so well made, that one can't help but smile.  The actors are great.  I always liked those type of characters.  For me, it's still the best adventure movie ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen this movie yet then you must.   It is about the most perfect romance in movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great flick, it has some cool action sequences and a story that is entertaining, even if it has its flaws. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that this movie was made in the early 90's is a shame because I think that it has a lot to offer. It's a pretty good movie, and the story is fairly original.   If you're looking for a nice little sci-fi adventure movie to keep you company on a cold day, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is about a little boy who grows up with an older sister who is the princess of the castle. The sister is very good looking, and she takes care of the little boy. It's a pretty interesting little movie, but it is a little short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A very good movie"   One of those movies which could be made a little bit better and a little more interesting by a bit more work on the actors.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've watched this movie about 3 times. I thought it was an interesting film with some good actors and a great plot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am going to start with saying that I had a great time watching this movie.  It is a good mix of comedy and action.    The cast did a wonderful job.  This movie also includes an appearance by a young Billy Crystal who plays an annoying teenager who has no clue about the world around him.  I do wish that they could have used a little more of the film to get the movie out.  But I have a feeling that this movie is destined to be one of those classics.  It's a good watch and the ending was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this one with my dad on our anniversary and he was really happy that he was able to enjoy the film. It had a great cast that worked really well together and it was a good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My girlfriend and I saw this movie a few years ago.  It was the last film of director Robert Altman and was in fact the last one of the director's career.    This is a very simple film, but a good one.  It is about a young boy who has a big crush on a girl named Lola (Anne Bancroft).   But Lola has a brother named Bob who is much older than Lola.  The brother has two big brothers named Burt and Bobby who are very mean.  But this is all in the past and Bob and Lola are going to be together.  This movie is about the time when the young people were growing up, and the relationship between Bob and his brother Bobby was the strongest relationship in the movie.  In the early 60s, a young Bob Burt (Eddie Murphy) and his two older brothers, Bobby (Joe Pesci) and Burt, (Ethan Hawke), are a part of a gang of young men who live in a rundown house in rural Tennessee.   Bob, Burt's younger brother, has been a member of the gang for some time and is the leader of the trio.   However, as the movie goes on, it becomes apparent that Bob's brother Bobby is not only a member, but has also become the leader.   It is evident that this is an unstable group.   At first, Bob and B the boys go to see a show by the local band, The Bigs.   The Big's are a local band that has toured the country.   But the bigs have lost their sound.   A new group, The Chicks, is playing.   When they arrive at the house, they are met by Bob's older brother, Buss, who wants them to join his gang.   Unfortunately, Bobby is still angry at his brother and is determined to leave.   Burt decides that they will play a little game.   He wants to see who can get to the front of the house first.   To do so, they must all get drunk.   They all agree that they would like a bottle of beer.   So they go into the cellar.   And Burt gets drunk first.  However, Bob's younger brothers Burt & Bobby do not take too kindly to Burt being drunk.  They decide to stop him from drinking and they do.   Eventually, they have
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of the lot!  Great cast, excellent script and great action.  No need for subtitles as this is all in English.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot:  A woman is trapped in a small space by an evil demon. She has no way out. Her only hope is to call upon the power of her dog, which is also trapped in the same space. It comes to the rescue by going inside the demon. This is a pretty silly idea that doesn't hold up. The whole thing is a little confusing to me. I couldn't figure out where it was going, if there was any point to it, and I didn't care. It's an odd little movie that doesn and doesn't work.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a more beautifully produced film than this.   There are moments in this film where I thought I was going to have a heart attack.  In the opening sequence, two men stand at a crossroads, one a drunk, the other a young girl with a face that looks like it's been washed in a sink full of salt water. The drunken man tells the girl "What a beautiful day.  And the girl replies "Oh, yes, it is a beautiful beautiful day".   This is a good film about two people who are on a crossroad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always enjoyed the old sci-fi and fantasy movies like King Kong, Blade Runner and The Thing.  So when I saw this one I was excited to see a young James Bond with a "younger" Bond.  It's actually a pretty good movie.    The plot isn't bad, the pacing is good, the dialogue is decent.      But the most impressive aspect is that the movie has a lot of great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie starts with a shot of a plane that has crashed into the ocean. We see a group of people in a small room with a fire going on. The room is full of dead bodies and the person on the right is dead. The person on left is trying to get out of the room but the door is locked. The guy in the middle says "It's a plane! I was on it!" The guy on the left looks at him with his eyes wide and says "Oh yeah? Well let me tell you about the plane." He goes on to describe the plane and the crash. "I'm just glad to be alive!" he says and his eyes roll up. "If only we had a plane!" The group of survivors say "What a stupid, dumb thing to say!" One guy says "If you want to be dead then just shut up!" They are trying to break out of this room and the man on the floor has a gun and shoots them all. Then we see a girl standing in front of the window. She is looking out and sees the plane coming in and she goes up the steps. As she goes the plane crashes. Then she runs down the steps and out into the water. There are no shots of her. We then see a woman in the next room with an oxygen tank on her back. She looks out and the plane is gone. A girl with a guitar is playing and is singing "Oh my God, Oh my God."   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie and it is a great piece of entertainment. I like how they put some humor in it. They were in a lot of trouble before the movie started. They had to get into a limo because they had to go to an awards ceremony. The limo got stuck and they had no way out. The director of the limo said they could be in trouble because the limousine had a bad reputation because it would break down if someone jumped out and they were going to have to drive out of the city because the driver had to be pulled out. They decided to have a contest to see who could jump out first. They all jumped out in a row, then someone said they should get out in two. They did and it started to break down. They thought they would have to call the limine company to get the limos to come back. They found out the driver was a limousiner who was the boss of all limousines. He told them he was tired and he needed a break. The movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you love westerns and you like western movies, this is a must watch!    The best western I have seen in a long time!   You have to admit, the acting was fantastic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not going to write a review on a bad movie, because it is a bad film. The movie has some good parts to it and I would have enjoyed it, but it is also a movie with bad characters and bad acting. The acting is all wrong. I don't like how a character says things like "this world is not real" and that other characters are "fairytale characters". This movie does not seem to be a fantasy movie at all, it is very much a film about a bad guy and a girl who are not very happy. I'm not sure if this is a story about the end of the world or a story of how the bad guy has gotten into a lot of trouble.  One of the problems with this movie is the way it is shot. The camera is very shaky and the shots are not really clear, and they aren't all very interesting to watch either. The actors in the movie are all so bad that they are hard to care about, and there isn't a lot going on with the story either. It is hard to tell what the movie is about, it's hard to watch at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great film. The cast is fantastic, the story is great, the acting is great and the action is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little thriller about an ex-con who is sent to jail after robbing a bank and has to escape the cell to get revenge.  The movie has a few problems, but the plot is very good.    The plot has some twists and turns and makes you think a lot about how the characters in this movie will react to the events of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, well made movie that does its job.  I think it's one of the best things that they've done in the past 5 years.  A very good movie with a lot of heart.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent movie and a worthy addition to the horror genre. The pacing is good, the scares are good, and the acting is excellent. I was very entertained and thoroughly enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was blown away when I saw this. I am a fan of the films that made up the "Dark Knight Trilogy", "The Terminator" and "Tombstone" and I have been a big fan of "The Dark Knight" since its release, so when I found out that they were making a sequel to "The Batman" I was excited to see what Christopher Nolan had in store. I loved this movie, and it is one of those movies that makes me think about the old movies I grew up watching. If you like the movies that made the "Batman" Trilogy great then this is a must see movie. "
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most entertaining movie I've ever seen.  The only problem I have is that I am not much of a fan of horror films.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has great acting, great action scenes and great visual effects. The music is just like a great piece of music, the only problem is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good story that is very enjoyable to watch. The story is very well-crafted, the characters are real and likable. There are a lot of laughs and suspense and the ending is a big one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know who this guy is but he is so funny and I loved this movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't really like to talk about movies that are really bad, but this movie is really bad.  This is a movie about a little girl named Mollie who is going to be adopted by a couple that live in the house she is staying at.   The little girl is having a very hard time and her parents have told her that she can't cry anymore, so she is going through a very difficult time.  The film starts with a baby being born.  It's a cute little baby, but it's a bit strange to see a child's heart so easily broken.  The story begins with a man in a strange, strange house that seems to have no purpose.  After hearing the baby cry, he goes into the room where the baby is and he finds the girl's heart beating.  Then the father comes in and he tells the man that he is taking the baby back to his home.  That is, until the father is murdered by the husband who is angry about the baby crying.  But the father wasn't really killed.  He's actually being kept alive to see what the baby will be like.  As the father lives and is kept alive, the little girl tries to adjust to life and be as normal as possible.  When the father finds out that the baby was taken to another house, he realizes that she is being taken to the wrong house and decides to make his own way to the house that is being called.  At first he finds a couple and the girl gets along well with them.  In fact, she gets along so well that they are all on a honeymoon trip.  And the little girls heart gets broken when she realizes that they have never heard of her.  I'm not sure how they knew about her, but they certainly had no idea how important she was to them.   When the man and the couple go to the other house, they find the house empty.  So the little guy finds a note and writes a message to the woman, saying that he's sorry for what he did.  They decide to try and find the woman who lives in the other place, but she is in the process of dying.  She dies.  To say the least, I found this movie quite disturbing.  Mollies mother is the most horrible mother ever.  Her daughter's father is so much more important to her than the baby.  From what I saw, the film was
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I am a bit of a pessimist. If something is worth doing, it's always worth doing badly.  I always thought the best way to fight an enemy was to befriend him, to become friends with him.    Now, it looks as though I might have to do it again.  I don't know how much longer I can hold out against these enemies.  But then, I never thought I could be defeated by the smallest things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent movie. It tells a true story about an unlikely hero who has to face off against the forces of evil in a war against an evil warlord. It has a lot of laughs. It is not a very good movie, but it is a good film with a good story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never been a fan of the old '50s horror films.  Some of them were just silly and stupid, but then the good ones also had that '50's cheesy quality to them.    The original was directed by Charles Laughton and starred Paul Newman as a doctor who was working on a case of a young girl who was possessed by the spirit of a woman who had committed suicide.  There are a few other films out there about this subject and they are not as good as this one.  The film itself has some interesting set pieces, like the car ride home.  I don't really know why it was so successful, but I'm glad it was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a film of good, strong action set to good, good music.  It is also an extremely interesting story of a war that happened in the time of the Romans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has the best of both worlds, a story that will have you on the edge of your seat as the characters get more and more interesting.  But the best part of the movie is that they do the "Camelot" and the "Reign of Terror" all in one movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies of all time, and probably one of the greatest movies ever made.  The soundtrack is great, and I'm glad the actors were so good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie!   It is very interesting.   This movie has a very good plot.  It also has good acting, and great visuals.  There are some very well done special effects.  The music is also good.  I do like the ending, and the ending is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I can recommend to people who want a good story and a good laugh.  The story is told through the eyes of a young man named Peter who has been orphaned and raised by the wolves.  The story starts when Peter and his family go camping on the outskirts of a big city.  Peter gets separated from his family, and is attacked by a group of wolves.     There are two major things to take away from this movie.   The first is that the movie has a good amount of violence.  Some of the scenes were pretty scary, and I don't mean just a few bites.  There were some scenes where Peter is hit in the head, and the wolves take it from him.  This movie has some nice twists, and some pretty good special effects.  I was a bit confused at the end of the movie, but that's just how a movie goes sometimes.    The second thing I like about this movie is that it has a great soundtrack.  If you want to hear some funny stories and some good jokes, then check out this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice, relaxing movie about a lonely old man in a small town who is able to escape into the woods by the creek every day and find peace.   I have a friend who is a huge fan of John Ford, and I'm sure it had something to do with why he loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a well made, well acted film that doesn't deviate from a good plot, and a good script.  It's also pretty funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My friend and I saw this in a small theater at a Holiday Inn in New Orleans. We were both surprised by how good it was.   We thought it was a little cheesy, but we still laughed, and it made us feel good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - The movie is a masterpiece.   There are so many scenes that I didn't know where to begin.  First off the acting was very good. I always like a good performance in a movie. I thought the movie did a good job of showing the different characters. It also shows the fact that not all of us are like the main character. The movie did show how different people were.  - I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My friends and I got this film as part of our summer vacation in the mountains of California. This is the story of an 11-year-old girl who goes out into the wilderness to play and finds a small lake in the middle of nowhere, surrounded by mountains. She can't swim and finds it hard to get her feet wet, but as she gets closer to the water, she starts to play with the water in the lake and then suddenly sees a snake. She has never seen snakes before, but she grabs it, goes after it and tries to bring it down to the lake with her. After a while the snake is dead and she is just sitting around, thinking. She then sees a bird fly past her. She runs after it, but it doesn't fly to the shore, so she decides to walk home. It is then she meets her uncle, a mountain man. They talk about all sorts of things and it seems that this is what they have been doing all summer. Then she suddenly remembers that she has not seen snakes in a long time. After the two of them get home, she decides that she is going to get a snake tattoo, and so she goes out to get it. When she gets home, her father tells her that her uncle is going out and that he is looking for a snake to kill it with a bow. The uncle comes back with the snake, and she puts it on her back and takes off to find her uncle.   The movie was very interesting, but not too scary. It was definitely something that would get the kids to watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know if I'm being unfair, or if this is just me being a bit jaded.   The movie was good.  But there were a couple of things I did not like.  First, the acting was very bad, and I know this is going to come off as being unfair.  There were too many times where I thought they were not really having fun, and there were some really bad lines.  Second, I'm sure I'm going to be called a "trolling troll" for saying this, but the ending was absolutely ridiculous.  The bad guys had a super power, a giant flying castle.  And they decided to just use that power to take over the world.  It is so ridiculous, and in a movie that was not only very entertaining, but also thought-provoking, that I can't say that I am too upset about this ending.  Overall, I enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the most entertaining movie I have seen in a while. I love the cast and I think they have been given enough material to play with in future films.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   A good action movie with no special effects.     The movie starts out with a chase through the desert, through the buildings and on top of the cars, which was an awesome scene.    The chase is so well done, especially the second time, which is a nice contrast with the last one, which has no real chase at all.  After the chase, the chase itself was pretty cool, with the cars going at breakneck speeds in an almost silent desert.  There was a really cool shot of the chase in action when the cops catch up with a truck and it turns out to be the escape truck.  The movie also has some great action scenes, with an explosion in a prison where the terrorists were hiding, the fight in the desert between the bad guys and the cops, and the escape from the desert.     It is a pretty decent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie the day it came out in theaters. The movie's plot is a straightforward, no-nonsense crime thriller. It's the perfect movie for those who love thrillers and good, old-fashioned crime. It is the most straightforward and straightforward crime thriller you'll ever see. I have not seen the sequel, but if the first film was good, then I'd love to see the second film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie, and I really like the fact that it was shot in Germany! It was shot on location, and they did a good job.   It was not my favorite movie, but it was entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie a few times now, and each time it has been an enjoyable experience. It is a story about a young woman, a young girl who has a job at the school where her parents work. She loves her job.   She is a very intelligent young woman. She is quite beautiful and has a beautiful figure. She has a very good attitude about life. She thinks she has a pretty good chance of getting married one day, and maybe have a family one day.  When she was young, she had a pet turtle named Pee-Wee.  Pee Wee was one of the things that made her happy, even though it was kind of an odd pet.  I had an aunt who had a turtle named "Pee Wee" that I had to put away in the basement at least a half hour a day. When I got old enough to see my own aunt and uncle, they had one in the backyard. Pee wee lived in the house, and I was allowed to go in the yard, if I wished.  When Pee Wee died, I thought I was going to cry.  It was a good pet, and he was a very nice turtle. I always wanted a pet that was the same, but different.  In one scene, Pee wee was about to be buried, when some men came in and told him to get up, or he would be killed. The men went away and came back with a shovel. Pree Wee took off his shell and got up. The shovel went right over his head, and the men ran away laughing.  This movie has a little bit of a bad ending, but it was not bad enough to stop me from watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic.   There is a lot to like about this movie, and it is a great example of the film noir style, with some interesting twists.  There are also a lot of interesting and often funny little details to get you into the mood of the movie.    I was also happy to see that the characters were somewhat likable and they were fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first half of this movie is really good and features some great performances by Michael Douglas, Meryl Streep and Gary Oldman. Oldman's performance as a former MI6 officer is especially impressive. The film does not take a lot of chances with its story and does not use much gore or sex.   This movie has all the hallmarks of a good thriller and it is a nice change of pace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am sorry to say I loved this movie, and not just because of the fantastic plot and a good script.  It's the acting that really steals the show.  The only thing that really stands out to me is the "Fantasy" aspect of the movie.    I think it's an amazing idea to put in a "Fairytale" plot with a "Hero" who is really a bad guy, but who does the right thing at the end.  This movie also shows a lot of potential in how it could be used to make a story that would be quite interesting.  I just think it was a very good movie that I'm glad I saw.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better horror films I've seen.  The pacing of the movie is good, it builds up slowly, and the film is well-paced.    The main villain is a little too much like the bad guy in the film " The Evil Dead ".   He is a very evil person, and that is all there is to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this film several times and the same thing keeps happening.   The film opens with a large black bird landing on a black dog.  They start running and then they run up a hill.  As they run, a woman in a burqa and the dog fall into the water and drown.  Then the dog starts swimming up the hill.    The dog eventually ends up in a swamp, where he is eaten by a giant snake.  I won't spoil the rest of the movie for you but I found it to be a very entertaining film.  The movie had a few humorous moments but mostly the plot is very repetitive.  The movie is available in DVD format from Netflix.  It has a few sound effects but it doesn't sound like they were added in post production. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a horror fan, this movie is for you.   A little over-the-top, but a hell of a ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The final scene of this movie is a masterpiece:     It is a very good movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those great movies I had in mind.  The movie has great atmosphere, characters and story.    I liked this movie a lot and can recommend it to anyone who liked a good sci-fi movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. It does have some flaws. First of all, there are a lot of long shots. It takes a little getting used to, but the way they shoot them is very cinematic. Also, there's a lot to take in. There are several different characters who are all very well done. They're all interesting and likeable. It is a little odd how they have the two main characters talking with one another for a long time. It makes the movie feel a little long. I didn't mind that as I enjoyed the movie a lot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of the original film and loved the remake. The story is still a bit cliche, but the acting is top notch and the animation is just amazing. I think the movie is a classic and it's hard to believe this was made in the late 90s.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is very simple.  A boy, whose father is an old, old man, goes to a new town where his father lives.    He meets a young girl named  Mina, who has  lost her parents.     They get married, but Mina is pregnant, and they have a child.  But Mina doesn't want the baby.  And she keeps saying,  " I am not ready to give birth."   Then one day, a man comes into the village,  and he says to her, " You are pregnant, but I can save your life.  I can help you give birth to a baby boy."  And that's all there is to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little bit more in-depth than your average "briefcase" thriller, but also not too detailed. The action sequences were also quite well-done, with the usual mix of high-octane and slow-burner.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this movie was good, I thought it was funny, I think it was very well directed. I think they did a good job with it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is quite good in my opinion. It's very well done, and has a very unique feel to it.  It's not too long, and it's pretty simple.   It doesn't have too many action scenes, but it is a good thriller, and that is good enough for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are a lot of things that make the movie a masterpiece. The acting, the writing, the cinematography, and the music. The music, in particular, is a treat.   The movie begins with a brief scene of two people looking at a house. As the woman says, "I want to get married and have a nice house." The man says, "'A nice house,' I know." The woman says to the man, "Don't say such words."   It's a pretty typical day. The man is a doctor, and he's working hard at his job. The woman is a schoolteacher. They are both pretty happy with their lives. Then a strange thing happens.     One of the men asks, "Why don't we do something about the house?" The woman replies, "That's a great idea. Let's start a fire." The two men laugh. "That is the best idea I've ever heard in my life," says the man.   a couple of hours later   As the couple are looking at the house they realize they are not alone. There is another man and a woman. They also recognize them as "they" from the previous day's conversation. The "they"'s faces are covered with a mask. The women say, "Where are the other women?" The man responds, "They're with the fire."   "What are you talking about?" says the woman. "I'm the fire," the man says. The two women run away.   it turns out that they are being watched. They were all wearing masks. The first man goes to the police station to report what he's seen. The second man stays behind to watch them. The police ask the first man where the mask has come from. "They" have given it to me." "How?" asks the police. The last scene is a montage of what the two women saw the day before. The mask-wearers are in the house and they're all talking to each other. "Where is the fire?" "It's in the kitchen," says one. "And where are the others?" "In the basement."  , there are a couple scenes where the masked "they", are looking in the window, as if they are about to go in. I felt a little uneasy because I was not sure what the "they's" were up to. But there were no masked "we"
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a huge Star Wars fan. I grew up watching the films with my father, and the prequels are still the best.  I would have loved to have seen this movie when I was a kid.    It is a great adventure, I can't say it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen the original The Wizard of Oz  over 100 times and still find it a very enjoyable movie. It's just a very good movie.  The writing is wonderful and it has an amazing music.    It's a great movie that I'd recommend to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is well written. It is a good film about a group of people who try to get to the end of a road with a car. It's a funny movie, and if you like the movie "Frozen" it's good too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a lot of fun, especially if you don't take it too seriously.   It's set in the late 80s, and it's not a very good movie. It's not too bad, it's just kind of a mess. It is a little hard to take it seriously, but it's pretty funny. I think the movie does a good job of capturing the spirit of the times in which it was made. The music is kind of cheesy, but that's just what happens in that era, and what happened in that decade. There's a lot to like about this movie, it is a bit silly, but at least it's silly for the right reasons.
Write a positive review about a good movie:       A couple of months ago I saw this film for the first time. I remember watching this film as a kid and thinking, "Why don't I have to go to a dentist to get a cavity filled, but now I get to live in a house made out of garbage!" It's been over a decade since I saw it. I was lucky enough to catch it last week when it was playing on a movie theatre near my home. It has become one of my favourite movies. The plot is pretty simple: a girl, who is still alive, lives with her parents. When the parents move away, the girl has to live with a homeless man. The film is shot in black and white and uses a lot of long shots to create a sense of intimacy and a sense that the world around us is not completely normal. The use of long, long shots is also a good way to get the audience to sit still and listen. The acting is pretty good. I liked the performances of the young girls. They were believable and I was reminded of a lot I've seen as a child: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "It is a well-crafted, witty and entertaining film that will make you laugh and think."   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFJgq6Z5-WU
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited to see this movie when I saw it on the big screen for the first time in theaters. I've heard good things about it, and now that I have seen it, I can honestly say that this is a good film. It has a strong plot, which is not your typical cop movie. The film is set in an all-black city, and most of the characters are black. The story is about a cop and his partner who are trying to bring down a dangerous black gang. It is not the typical cop film in that it is not about the police; it is about the black criminals who have taken over the black community. The black people are just the bad guys.   The story line is about two officers trying to stop a crime spree, and there is one scene in particular that I thought was really interesting. It involves the officer being shot, and being saved by a cop car. The car then drives off with the officer. I am sure you are thinking, why did they leave the cop behind?  The answer is simple. The officer is black, and that is what makes him dangerous. If the officer is not in the car when it goes off, it is probably because he is not there. He is only in the film because he happened to be there at the time, and was saved.  There are some good jokes in the movie, and I laughed at a few of them.  I would not be surprised to see a sequel.  The film also features a cameo from John Malkovich, who was in the "Pulp Fiction" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best horror film I have ever seen. It is so much fun to watch. The movie has great action scenes and there are tons of great laughs. I was shocked and amazed at some of the things that were seen. I don't think that this movie would work well in a family film because it is more about the comedy. It has some great scares and it has great characters. I loved this movie and I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had to check this one out and I loved it. The film was very well made and looked great, it was a bit on the cheesy side but I like cheesy. The music was great as well and the acting was good too. I loved this movie and it should be on everyone's DVD shelf.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fantastic film that deserves to be seen by everyone.   It is the story of a group of men who are hired to take a man named Robert who has been found dead on a train track and brought to a hospital in the small town of Dorsett, Wisconsin. The doctors in the hospital are not very pleased with the men who have been brought in to help with Robert's recovery. The man who is to perform the surgery has no experience and no training. The only two people who know how to operate the surgery are two old women who have both died several years ago. The doctor and the old women will not let anyone else be involved with the operation. The old women's name is Eunice and she is a kind, gentle, old lady who lives in the house that is rented by the doctors. She has lived there for many years and is very good with the patients she takes in.  One of the most beautiful, haunting, beautiful and scary movies I have ever seen!   I loved it so much! I just wish I had gotten the DVD! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a perfect example of the old school, no-holds-barred, back-to-the-basics Hollywood Western.  It's fun, violent, and full of great, classic Western dialogue.  I'm glad they did it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't think it was possible to be more wrong about this movie, but I have to say that I'm pretty sure that I was wrong about it. I've watched a lot of bad movies. I really have.  But I haven't seen one as bad as this one.  I didn`t know the story, the story I did know, but it wasn`t the same story as I was used to.  It wasn` t a story of a guy who tries to make money. It was a story about a guy trying to make love to his wife.  I could`t get over how stupid the ending was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, fun little film. It's not exactly something you need to sit through for the whole film, but it's really funny. The film is about a man who decides to live the dream of every other man: he's going to a lake in the middle of nowhere and he's been looking forward to it for years. The man meets his new friend, who lives in a trailer on the lake and has the same dream. So the two go out and meet the woman of their dreams. There is a good balance between the funny parts and the funny scenes. It ends up being a very funny little film with lots of good gags.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "You never know who is a friend or who is an enemy" The movie starts with a bunch of guys on a motorcycle. This is not a movie about motorcycles. It's a movie of bikers. There is a scene where one of the guys has a heart attack, and he's left to die. He's lying on the ground with the other bikers, all the guys looking at him, and all the girls are watching him die. They don't do anything to save him. One of the bikers decides to go back to the hospital. He comes back to find that the guy he saved, the one he was supposed to be a friend to, is gone. I mean he was a friend, but the man he was trying to be his friend to is gone now. The movie then ends. This isn't a good ending.  There are so many scenes in the movie where people are going to be killed or seriously injured, and we don't really care.  We never learn much about the characters and their lives.  This is a good looking movie with some very well shot scenes.  I'd recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The last movie I watched in which I really got sucked in was The Bourne Identity (2004). It is not the best of the franchise, but it was a fun and fast paced movie. I didn't even care about the plot at all. I thought it was just a really fun time with the cast all playing well off each other.    This is definitely the same. The plot is really not that bad, but I really felt like I was watching a lot of the Bourne movies. I really enjoyed how the whole time Bourne was trying to hide his identity. I guess this is where the "realism" comes in, as it does not really feel like a real world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made and fun movie with great laughs, a story that you can really see what a good team they were together, and the characters are funny, all the way through. I recommend this movie to everyone, it's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a true story about the infamous murder of John Dillinger.  This movie is not only about a very famous crime, it's about a lot of other things.    A few of them are the true stories of two guys who were good friends and had a lot to do with each other.  It is also a story about a real American hero of the 20's and 30's, a man who did what he thought was right even when it was wrong.  This is a good, good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was expecting a movie with lots of action, guns, and explosions. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that it was a comedy. It's a funny movie and has a good message, about making your own choices.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:        Like most of the great movies from the 1960s, this one starts with a bang. The title is a reference to the "Bang" and the title of the movie is "The Big Bounce".  The film starts with an explosion of a gun that sounds like a giant ball hitting a golf ball. The gun then turns into a large man who has a gun to his head and has a bad attitude. It then cuts to a woman's wedding where a guy walks out with a big bride and then the film cuts to the next day where the guy walks into the house and has to leave.   He then goes to the bar and is told by the bartender that his wife is coming home in the morning.  The bartender says she's a beauty and tells the guy he can come back if he doesn't mind paying a dollar for a beer.  In a flashback to a long ago, we see a woman and her dog and we see her having an affair with a man who comes from the north. The woman then comes home and sees her husband leaving for work.  Then we see the man from the south at a dance.  This leads to an intermission where we get to see how the man got to the north and what the woman did to make him come there.  I thought it was interesting how the story was told in a flashback.  It was a good way to show the relationship between the man and woman, the father and son, and the man's father.  Another interesting point was that this movie had an "A" rating, the lowest of any of the "A"-rated films.  The movie was made in 1964 and the plot is not too complicated.  One of the best parts about this movie is how it was shot.  We see the shots being made and we get a good look at the cast and crew.  A lot of the actors are quite young and very handsome and it is good to see these actors playing characters that look so much like themselves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit more subtle than "A History of Violence", and more than a bit funny. It's also a little bit sad. I'd also like to give a shout-out to my good friend, the film critic and producer of the "Tribal History of America" show, Bob Taper.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with a great story and great actors.  The best thing about this movie is that it takes a classic western, The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, and adds the good parts and then adds the best part:    the acting by Gary Oldman and Michael Ironside.   The film is very well-made and I was never bored and it is very funny and is a good watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. It's well made and it has a great plot. I can't believe that there is a movie like this out there. I'm sure I will get a kick out of it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a "bump" of an opening scene that sets the mood for the story in the best way possible.  It's a simple enough story that I found myself looking forward to more and more about the strange things that are going on with the man.  What a great start to a great movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was pleasantly surprised to see that this is not a bad movie. It has a good story, a good cast, and an interesting premise. It is well written, and I could not believe how well the actors performed. I also found the plot interesting, and a bit interesting to see how it all ties together. I am hoping that the director will continue to work on this, and give us more of this type of movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As far as I know, this is the only film by this director which has been shown in the US, but the only way to see it is in the cinema. It is definitely a unique and unusual movie, and I have not seen a film like it before.   It is a classic tale about a man who is sent to a strange country to find a woman for his wife, who has died. After a long journey, the man discovers a girl named Eveline who has been left by her father to be raised by a group of orphans. In a village of witches and goblins, the girl, who is called "Madame de Bourgh" has to find her way to a place where she can be part of a human family.   and yes, the film is about a woman who dresses as a man. This was a film that had to be made and this is why it is one of the greatest films of all time. I'm glad that it's finally out in the world.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the movie is very enjoyable, a little over the top, and a little silly.   I was never really a big fan of the characters in this movie.  It was very much a film about a bunch of goofs.  The second half is what made me a fan of this movie, it was much more mature and a bit more serious.  I found the ending to be quite fitting.  "There is no such thing as bad publicity, and if there was, we'd all have bad publicity."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I ever saw "The Godfather" was at the age of five. I was at a friend's house and I remember watching this movie with her. I didn't really understand what the movie was about, but I loved it.   I also had a friend who would go out with me to the park. One day, she was playing with a stuffed animal when it started to act like a real one. I don't know how this happened. I do know that this toy animal had a face on it and was called a "Dino".   This was the first time my friend ever showed me a toy and showed me that he had a "face" on it. I started to get a little bit scared of this toy.  I remember that we went to my friend's place and it was the middle of the night. We weren't really sure how to get out of there. I remember my friend telling me to go into the bathroom. We could hear people outside and I had no idea what was going on. I couldn't go into this bathroom because it was in my house and it had been the same place for a long time. I just went in there, opened the bathroom door and stepped out into the hallway. There was a man standing right outside the bathroom in the dark. I could see him in the light from the hallway outside. I had to run and hide in the closet and my friend was screaming for me to run. She told me that she had a toy Dino inside of her house that was the same as the one I saw outside. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films where we're invited into the world of the characters and feel their reactions. As I said in my review of The Big Sleep, this is a "hard" movie about the real world. The acting is good. We get a good sense of the people and what's going on in their heads. The plot has some twists and turns but they don't stop the film from being an enjoyable one. It's the way the film is shot, the music, the costumes, the special effects, the sets, the editing, the camera work, and of course the wonderful cast that makes this movie. This is a film that should be watched with a big smile on your face.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie more than once and I still like it. It's got an interesting storyline, lots of good dialogue and good acting. It gets a little slow at times, but the pace gets more interesting with each passing scene.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie with a lot of action and great fights. The acting is very good and there is a lot to think about.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie. The story is good. The acting was great. The plot was interesting. I liked the movie very much.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie you get to see some of the best bad guys in movies. From a guy who can only have bad things happen to him. And I am sure he will be back with a vengeance in the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good action movie that doesn't take itself too seriously.   - May 24, 2010Not as good as I thought it would be.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie that has a certain "darkness" about it, that has never really gone away in the years I have been watching this genre. It does, however, provide a decent ending to a trilogy that has always been one of my favorites, and I hope to see it again some day.  - March 18, 2007Good movie  Reviewer: J.C. G. - favorite favorite favorite - February 2, 2007  Subject: I think the whole series could use a little TLC, but I dig the film's atmosphere and style. - February 22, 2006I think the entire series could need a little tlc, but love the film - February 15, 2006How could I have missed this?  Review: Very good film. The atmosphere is very dark and scary, as the protagonist struggles to get to a safe place, but when he reaches it he finds he is in a different place. A place where he is completely alone. It is very sad, with no one around, and he seems to be the only survivor. He is then taken in by the local people, who live in a small village and are kind to him. He soon discovers that they have secrets and do not like him much.   The plot is very simple, and the ending is pretty sad, but it is still a very good film! It's definitely worth watching, although I wouldn't recommend it for anyone under the age of 10! - February 5, 2006Very good film  Reviewed by: joseph j. - April 8, 2005
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first few minutes of this movie are the most fun I've had in a while. It's fun to see a bunch of people getting their butts kicked by some big bad aliens in the sky.   I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found it to be an enjoyable film with a nice story. The cinematography was very good. There is nothing special about the acting except for one character.   The movie ends with a beautiful music. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of the film is a great introduction to the characters and the world of The Lord of the Rings. The story is a mix of a young adult fantasy tale and a children's novel, with the usual strong female characters. The middle of the movie has a lot of tension, but not in a bad way. There is a sense of urgency to the story, which may be a good thing in some ways, because it gives you time to see the characters develop. In the end, the movie ends up being a great family movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a must see.  It is a little long at 10 hours, but worth every minute.  This is one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie.  It was funny, exciting, and excitingly good.  It is a wonderful movie.  -The film is set in a small town called the 'Beverly Hills of California.'   -It is interesting to see how they changed the world in a very short amount of time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a great example of how good an animated film can be when it is done right. The story is really well done and the animation is really good. The music is also very good and the ending song is a nice ending to the movie.    It has a lot of humor and it is very easy to see why it was made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I can't give this movie enough praise. This is a great movie. It has a good message, and an even better story. If you like sci-fi, or action, or anything that isn't just the usual boring stuff, this movie is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I want to make the movie in the best way I know how. This is a true tale of a real life murder and the man who was convicted of it."   What more can be said? It is about a real story of a murder. It is a movie with real actors, real locations and real acting. It does not pretend to be a historical movie. The characters do not act like real people. They are caricatures. They don't act like characters from the Bible or even from Shakespeare. The director's aim is to make his movie entertaining, entertaining, entertain, and so on. He is quite successful. I enjoyed the movie. It was well acted and acted well. The music is well done. There is nothing like this movie on the screen. It has a sense of humor about it. The story is told in the form of a conversation between two men who are friends and former lovers. They reminisce about old times. One of them, Tom, is a lawyer who served in the army and who knows how to handle himself. He has had a long and successful career and a few successful movies. He thinks about his former life and all the people he has known. He says he wants to go back to New York, but he does not know how he can get there. He wants to know how they got the money to go to New Jersey. They had to pay a friend to help them. The friend is a very wealthy man and he helped them out. This story is about two people who were in love, but who did not get together. The one who did get together was very clever. He used his money to get the money. The other guy, who was not so clever, tried to get money for his girlfriend. He was unsuccessful and ended up in jail. He said he wanted to go and get away from his bad luck and from his girlfriend who is very beautiful and talented. He went to the theater, but there was no show, and he went home. He stayed home, but his wife was very angry. She found out that he was in jail and that he is not going to get away with it. She started to become very jealous and angry. Eventually she killed him. He then called a lawyer, who had a law office in New York. He asked the lawyer to help him out. The lawyer agreed to help, but it turned out that the lawyer was a lawyer in New Jersey and not in New
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was funny as hell, and the acting was pretty good. The film did not really have much of a story behind it, but it was very well done and funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the kind of movie I enjoy, I don't care much for the acting or plot but this is good enough to make me smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm an atheist and a skeptic and when I saw the movie I thought to myself, "this will make a good "How-to-be-a-scientist" video", and it really did! This is a good science class video. I like how they talk about how the moon was probably a small moon at one time and then a large moon, then it was split in half and the moon now is almost half a moon. They show the effects of gravity and what that does to the moon. There's also a section on the Big Bang theory and a short video about the "spooky action at a distance" and a section that explains how the atmosphere is made up of gases that are also made up from stars. They also show some of the effects that we have on the planet and how the sun is making the atmosphere. There are also some good science experiments that you can do at home. I especially like the section about the effect that radioactivity has on the earth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "We're not here to preach."     It's a simple concept, but one that has the potential to be quite profound: a man in the past meets the present, and both of them meet a tragic end. The film is a retelling of the events surrounding the Battle of the Somme (which we can only assume is taking place in the present day) and the aftermath. It's not a documentary; it's not even a novel. It is, however, the best documentary I've ever seen. It shows how a man can change in an instant, and how he can change even more, depending on the moment. It has moments of pathos, and moments of comedy. It does everything it can to make us feel for the soldiers who suffered so much, and for the civilians who had to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fantastic. I had never seen a movie so beautifully acted that I had to watch it over and over. It was truly a very good movie. I hope that someday it will be available on DVD.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen the movie more times than I can count.   The only thing that really makes it different is the story.  It's a story about a little boy and his little dog.  The story is simple, the boy has a dog that can read and understand words, but the boy can't read the dog's mind, so he can't tell what his dog is thinking or feeling.  There are lots of funny moments in this film.  They even put a scene in which the little boy sits on a bed and his dog comes in and sits next to him.  As the little boys are always running around and trying to find each other, they end up in a couple of really awkward situations.  I also really liked the way the little dog, who is just a puppy, was put in the movie.  And the little puppy was actually very cute.  But the movie also had a few moments that really made me laugh.  If you are a dog lover, or like to see dogs in a good way, you should check this out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a masterpiece of a movie. It is a good, cheap, fun little comedy, a little sad and a lot silly.  I am not sure if this is a great comedy, but I do recommend this movie for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie on the "Best Of" section of the "R" rated section of "Cinephilia" in the year 1982. I am surprised it has not been made into a remake of the original, as I thought the two films had a lot in common. The main characters, an old woman and a boy, are a bit similar to the old man and the boy from the first film, and are also both kind and good people. I found this movie very good, and much better than the first. The story is very good and well told. The ending is a bit abrupt, but that doesn't affect the enjoyment.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The original version of the movie is great. This version is more than just a remake. It's a full on remake of the original.   It was directed by the great John Carpenter and stars the great Tom Hanks.  It's got a great storyline and lots of cool special effects.  There are no lines in this movie that will make your hair stand up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the best thing about this movie is the way it plays out. You know that when it's over, you'll never see the likes of this movie again.   I have not yet seen the movie 'Flesh + Blood' (2013) by Michael Mcguire (2013). I think I've seen it a number of times on the big screen. I've also seen it in the UK in the theatre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to think I am a nice person.  A nice guy.    Well that was fun, and it was well made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very, very well done movie.   It is a little short in length, but I did not mind.  There is a real heart to this movie. The acting is good, the music is good.  The only problem I have with this movie is that the ending is a bit abrupt. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't like to review movies with words.   It's too easy to write them.  I just wanted to say that if you love movies you should watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie.    The movie has some interesting ideas.  I was also surprised at how it could have been made a lot better by having more of an original story line.  There is a lot of things that could have worked better.  But this movie was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Daredevil" is a great comic book movie with a good plot.  The cast is good and the actors are all good.  My rating: 4.5 out of 5
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't expect it to be that good, but it is.  The first part is a fun, entertaining, suspenseful ride through the history of the New England and the United States.  A fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... A really nice, well-written movie. A good mix of suspense and comedy, with a well-developed story and the usual nice music.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't care about this movie and thought it was awful, but I have to admit that I liked the trailer and the first couple of scenes. I don't know if it was the film's plot or its actors, but it seemed like they were all in the same film.   I really enjoyed the trailer, and I have a feeling that it will be good when the movie comes out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie.  If you don't like it, don't watch it.    This movie is not a great movie, but it is a good watch.  I loved the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been a fan of both James Cameron's Titanic and the original Star Wars trilogy ever since I saw them in the theater when I was a kid.  As I've grown older, I've watched more Star Wars movies and have come to enjoy them even more.    I'm really glad to be able to see this movie again, after years of being off and on, and I look forward to the rest of the trilogy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought that it was a nice movie that took a look at how people think and act in a world where the rules don't apply.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are a lot of films like this one. The characters are the same as in most Hollywood films. But this time they are funny. The dialogue is clever and funny. If you like films like The Three Stooges or The Wild Bunch or any of the great comedies, then you will love this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that this film is not only one of the best horror films ever made, it's also one of those films where you'll want to see it again and again.   The film is a good combination of good acting and good gore.  As a horror fan I have to admit that this is my favorite film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think I've seen a more brilliant piece of cinema than this. This is one of the most masterful pieces of cinema I've ever seen.   A masterful film-maker, a superb director, an excellent actor and a fantastic storyteller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie about two guys who live in the woods in upstate New York.  They have a little house in a little woods and they make a little farm and they raise chickens.  One day a guy comes along with a bunch of chicks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie a few times and each time I am so surprised at how well it works.  This movie is very different from the usual ones that you see from these movies.  There are a lot of characters, a lot that are not given a lot to do but are all given enough to do it well.    The plot of this movie is a little slow, but the plot is good and the characters are all well developed and likable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen the movie many times and have always loved it.   This is a wonderful comedy about a bad boy and a good girl.  I love how the bad boy makes fun of his bad boy friend.  The good girl doesn't like him either but she is a nice girl and really cares about him.  After watching the movie several times I think it is one of the best comedies I have ever seen.  This movie is one you can enjoy anytime of the day or night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of the franchise I was happy to find the new film, which was an absolute treat.  The film was beautifully shot, the story was engaging and the acting was excellent.    A great film and a great cast! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The best movie ever." -The Wall Street Journal   -   I am a big fan of action movies and this one is one of the best I've ever seen. It's action packed, funny, and has a great cast of characters.   This is a classic movie that's fun and action packed and a must see.   to the end, I think this is the best movie I've seen all year. It has a wonderful soundtrack and it's action filled, but not boring at all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    What can I say about this movie. It's a comedy about a guy who works at a zoo and who also happens to be a genius. He has an office at the zoo. The only thing he's good at is his monkey's and the only reason he's in a zoo is because he got hit by a car. He gets back at the guy who hit him by getting his ass kicked by him. He then tries to get the guy to pay him and he does, but it turns out that the guy is also the zoo director who doesn't give a shit about this monkey he has so he just lets him go. He goes home and then the movie starts. It does have some interesting scenes in it. I didn't see the ending, but the whole movie was pretty good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the film, I like that it's got a twist at the end.   A little overplayed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good comedy with good acting and plot lines.  It's a good film to watch with your friends and family.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  It's got the action and humor of a "bad movie" that just so happens to be good.    My kids, ages 8 and 9, loved this movie, and now my grandkids love it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was born and raised in the southern part of the United States, in an area known as "The Deep South." I'm a product of that part of our country, but I was raised in New England, and I'm not ashamed to say that my favorite movie is The Graduate. The story is a perfect example of the kind of Americana that is so rare in movies today. The characters are realistic, and the plot twists are well thought out. I can't wait to see it again. - August 14, 2008The best movie I've seen in a long time  Reviewer: theflamingo - favorite favorite favorite - May 28, 2008  Subject: Good stuff I really like the film, and it has a lot of good, classic lines. The acting is good and the script is well thought through. I thought the ending was very good. This is definitely a movie that will keep you guessing, but you can't help but enjoy it. - May a ry - May 29, 2008Good stuff
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a solid, enjoyable film about a group of young men who meet in a diner. The film was originally directed by the director of A Clockwork Orange, Stanley Kubrick.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie. I thought it was a fun story and a good one to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the better action films I have seen recently.  The film is set in a future where the world has been ravaged by a deadly plague, the "B-virus".  All human life is extinct, and only a few are left alive to fight back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The thing I liked most about this movie was that it did not focus on the "heroes" of the story. The main characters were all of different backgrounds, from a college professor to a single mother, and none of them had any kind of special abilities or skills to contribute to the plot. This movie is about the story of a young boy's love for his mother and the ways that the family members try to cope with that. It is a movie that could have been written from the beginning as a drama/comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you don't know what "The Big Lebowski" is about, don't worry. It's just a little story about a guy who gets a lot of money for an old couch that he has to make into a bowling alley. He does it with the help of his buddy and sometime dealer, Walter Sobchak. The plot isn't much more than a bunch of funny scenes where Lebak and Sobchaks try to make a buck off of bowling.   The Big B is definitely a comedy, but it's one that you don´t have to take seriously. The actors do a very good job at bringing out the funny bits, the songs are pretty good and they don't try to overdo the jokes. The ending of the movie is great too, and the movie really is a little gem.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie a while ago, and I still have no idea why I liked it so much.   The film itself was really good, with a few decent twists.  I just found it really hard to suspend my disbelief that a man would have a kid so young that he doesn't seem to notice he's a father.  The ending, of course, was a letdown. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit that when I first watched this movie I was a bit disappointed.   This movie does not have the same quality of other good movies like  'The Last Temptation of Christ'   It is not a very good movie.  In fact, it is very bad.  It has a terrible plot, and a very bad acting from most of the actors.  The only good thing about this movie is that it was made by a French director, and so it is not bad in the least.  But it does not hold a candle to the best of the best, such as 'The Lord of the Rings', 'Titanic' or 'The Wizard of Oz'. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good and well made movie, about a boy and his friend that fall in love, get engaged and live happily ever after. The movie is great in so many ways and you will love it. The music, the movie, the story...it's all a big good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good.   It is a story of a woman who was attacked and left for dead in a strange land.  The attack was by a giant creature that killed the people around it, so the woman was left for the creatures to eat.  And the giant monster has a nice look to it, it is also an excellent looking movie.  I really enjoyed this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie several times over the years. It's a comedy about a guy who is a famous doctor who is going to make a movie with a famous actress who has a terrible life, and is going against the wishes of his family. The film doesn't hold back on the bad acting or the bad jokes, and even though it has an ending that's a little anticlimactic, it's still a fun watch.  This is a movie that will leave you laughing and feeling like you're laughing with the characters, and this is something that I'm not used to seeing in a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was really good. There was a lot of action and it was all very well done.   The special effects are great and the story is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best animated movie I have ever seen. This is a beautiful movie. There is nothing but smiles.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an interesting movie. It's a bit like the old westerns of the 1940s, and the story is not much different than that. I was really impressed by the performances. The movie is really a story of two old lovers. There are a few scenes that are not so good, and it was a little hard to follow them all. It was not my favorite of the movies in the series. I found it a little too slow.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie.   A good movie.  Reviewed by Daniel D
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - I really enjoyed this film. The acting was solid, the story was interesting, the costumes were interesting, and the special effects were interesting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only thing that could have made this movie better is if the director had done it in 3D, and then used a real human-sized penis instead of a cheap fake one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been a long time coming, and it's finally here.  The story is set in the near future, when the world is going to hell in a hand basket.   The plot is a very complex and convoluted one.  There are many twists and turns to the plot that are never explained and it all comes together nicely.  The movie does have its moments, but the overall plot is well done.  This movie was an excellent film and should be in every fan of sci-fi movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fun time with a good cast.   - April 29, 2007Fun time  Reviewer: Mervyn S. - favorite favorite favorite - April 21, 2007  Subject: I like it. I was a teenager at the time and I was at the cinema when I saw this. I'm not sure what it was about, but it was a lot of fun. I remember hearing about it at school. - April 19, 2007I like it
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie multiple times now. I've watched the entire film at least three times. It's still good. The only thing I can say is that the ending is pretty much bullshit.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie.   It's about a young girl named Anastasia who is a gifted singer and she moves into a house on a hill with her family.  One day, a stranger from a distant city, the great Russian composer Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov, appears in the house.  He is a very mysterious man.  Rimski-Korovsky is also a genius and it is clear that his wife and son are not the only ones who are attracted to him.  It is clear how far Rimskikov is from being a human being.  But Rimskov has his reasons for not being a complete monster.  The movie is very interesting.  At one point, the narrator (played by Peter Sellers) tries to communicate with him and it's apparent that the strange man has a rather complex mind.  Some of his ideas are quite crazy.  Also, his wife seems to be in love with him.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had a good time watching this movie. The acting was good, the story was good. I really enjoyed this movie and hope they will make a sequel. It was a good job to the director to make this movie funny.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I didn't like this movie until after I saw it in the theater, and then I really liked it. The movie is about a girl named Sarah, and her father. Her father is a bad man, but she is a good girl. She is a virgin and her mother is not around much. Sarah is a tomboy, and does not want to be a lady. But, she gets a job at a grocery store and then the owner of the store tells her that she is to be the maid of honor at a wedding, which is the sister of the guy who is to marry her mother. And she is not happy about that. She wants to go to the wedding and does so, but the bride has just been killed, so the wedding does not go as she expected. The thing that is really great about the movie is the acting, and the direction. It is a movie where the acting and the directing are at a really high level. There is something that is very realistic about the acting that makes it believable. The director and the director of photography also give the movie a real feel to it, but also make it seem to be so far out that it is really a realistic movie. The special effects are also realistic. And there is a great ending. It has a great feel to the movie, but it is still not really very realistic, and there are not very many things that are realistic about it. I give this movie a 3. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic story with amazing actors and a fantastic soundtrack.  I will definitely be watching the movie again in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fine movie, with an interesting premise, some interesting acting, and a good story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title is somewhat misleading. I was very disappointed with this film. The main character, a teenager, is an extremely stupid, stupid kid. The film is all about him being stupid and stupid and trying to prove his stupidity. It is rather like watching a stupid kid with a bad haircut try to show off his dumbness by talking stupid. The other characters are quite dumb. Some are quite stupid. And they talk stupid. All of the dialogue is dumb. The characters don't do anything to make their stupidness more obvious. It's a stupid movie. The plot is stupid. If you're looking for a stupid, pointless movie, look no further.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved the movie, although it is a little dated, the acting was amazing. I wish I could remember a better ending. The plot was a little thin, but that was fine for a movie. It is a movie that is entertaining, and I am looking forward to seeing it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's been a while since I've had a great movie that actually made me want to see more.   This movie is a great combination of comedy and action.  The movie takes place in a post-apocalyptic world where humans live in a huge underground city where most of the people have been killed.  But there is a group of humans that are trying to survive in the world that was once theirs.  This is not a story that takes itself too seriously.  It does a great job at bringing humor to a situation that is pretty serious.  For those who have seen this movie before, you will recognize most of these characters.  A lot of the characters will come up in other movies that are on this list.  One of my favorite characters from this movie is the leader of the survivors.  He is a character who is so confident that he can't help but tell everyone what to do.  I also really liked the relationship between the leader and his son.  Even though they are separated by a wall they have a lot of fun together.  All in all, this movie was a blast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's just so damn fun.  It's all about the little things.  When you are done laughing you have to go and watch a really stupid movie, so that's what we do.    I think the director did a good job with this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a problem with a certain kind of film.   A lot of these films are shot with a very bad angle, and the people in them are a bunch of   dull and stupid.  I saw this and   it did not surprise me at all.  The music was good, but not great.  It was a decent movie that didn't really do anything to make me want to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been looking for a good action movie that doesn't take itself too seriously and is funny.   This is a very good one.  I can't say enough good things about it.  If you like action, humor, and fun, you will enjoy this one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" is a film with many strengths, many flaws, and many great moments. This is a movie that is very good at what it does: it shows a world in which most people are "nice" people who are not necessarily mean, and most people can be "mean" to each other. It also shows a time in which all the "good" people were able to unite in a way to defeat the "bad" ones. This makes the movie both tragic and beautiful.         With great cinematography, the script, and a strong ensemble cast, "The Good" is an interesting movie, and it is worth watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't say much about this movie. It's a decent horror movie with a twist. It may not be your typical "horror movie" but that doesn't mean it's bad. The movie itself has a good amount of scares and creepiness to it. There's nothing really to say other than it's a good horror movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's no need to talk about this movie. It's a pretty good film, with some very interesting moments. The script is very clever, and has some interesting scenes, with the usual mix of comedy and tragedy, both with the two characters, and the different characters, especially the three women who appear. They are all very well acted. There's a really good love story, too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is a bit of a different twist in this one.  The first movie is pretty much a standard adventure tale, which is pretty typical for a Western, and then the second movie goes back to the roots and shows us what the West is all about.   I found this movie to be much more entertaining than the first one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie. The story is simple and not very original.  I had never seen a movie where the people actually fight with each other, and it is all fun.  There is a lot of action and you should watch it again.   I give this movie a 4.5 out of 5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of fun.  I can't wait for my friends and family to see it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Rock" is a good example of a "what-if" movie.  The original ending had a nuclear holocaust happening, then a huge meteor is seen in the sky, then it turns out to be a meteorite, then the meteorite is turned into a nuclear bomb, then another nuclear bomb is set off, then all the survivors run into a cave, then one man is rescued by a woman, then he meets his "sister", then he runs into a giant woman and runs back home, then "The Rock's" mom is the one who saves the whole town, then she and "The Rocky" (a small, skinny, bald, wisecracking little kid who lives with the kids, "The Iceman", "The Monkey", "Turtle", and "Crocodile") become friends, then they get married, then there is a long, bloody fight over who gets to pick up the rock, then The Rock's wife gets killed, then T-Bone's wife dies and then the town is destroyed.   "The Rocky's" Dad is very angry that he couldn't save everyone, but then his son, T-bone, saves everyone by picking up the "rock" that was dropped on him.  The whole movie ends with the original ending where the meteor is turned back into a rock, but there is no "Rocky" to save the world.  If the original endings were shown here, I could see why "Rock's" parents are so angry with him.    (review from 2007)   A good old-fashioned family movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is good. Not really deep, but a good one. The acting is good, although I thought that the guy in the mask was way too creepy. The music is very catchy and well played.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie, I found it to be a fun and silly movie.   It's a nice little romp, which isn't a surprise given the fact that the director is John Hughes.  I really enjoyed the movie and can't wait for it to come out on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original and was a bit disappointed to see that the remake has been made in a way that the story has been changed and that a lot of the references to the original have been deleted. However, it is still a good film and has a couple of great scenes, including the great ending and the bit in which the character of the man who has the machine tells the people about the film's creator.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people in this world don't believe in God.  But I do!  I think the story of this movie, the way it is told, the wonderful performances, and the beautiful music make this a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only negative I have about this movie is that the ending was not really satisfying.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun, fun time. The movie is funny, but the comedy is also very good, and the whole story is good as well. The only reason I gave it a three star is because there are a couple of parts where the film starts to slow down. If you are in the mood for a good time, then this is the film for you. It has great laughs, and a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know why I haven't watched it yet, but I just had to watch it.   A good movie about a kid who wants to be a rock star. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this one when it came out in the 80's, and it is still one of the most amazing and funny horror films I have ever seen.  It is a really good time.  I am always amazed at how many people seem to be enjoying these films as I was when I was growing up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I have only one recommendation to make to this film, it is the soundtrack. There are a few tracks in the film that are really excellent.    This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie and I think it was very well made. It was definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      A very entertaining movie with a fantastic ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first foray into the world of the great horror movies of the '70s. The film was directed by Don Siegel and written by Howard Waldrop. This is a good, if unremarkable, movie. I enjoyed it, but it doesn't have much of a story. The characters are not particularly interesting and there is not much going on in the plot. I am sure Siegel had fun making it, I just didn't care.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was an extremely well-made movie, and I have to say it was one of the best-written, best-acted and most thought-provoking movies I have ever seen.  If you like action-adventure, and a little sci-fi, you'll love this one.  The ending was very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent movie about a young girl who was abused as a child and then became a slave to a sadistic, sadistic man. The director did a good job with this film, especially the second half when she begins to realize that she is in a relationship with this man.   A good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful, unique, fun, and funny little film.  What else can you ask for?  It's the best of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't really like this movie because I'm not a fan of the genre, but I found it to be a very entertaining watch. This movie has some interesting aspects and has a lot of fun doing it. The movie was fun and had me hooked all the way through.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty great movie and a good old fashioned adventure.   The story is fairly straightforward but it is fun.  It is set in a time when the world has become so technologically advanced that the main character must be in a special boat called a 'Boat'.  It's a pretty cool boat.  The action sequences are not too bad, the story has a nice twist and the ending is satisfying.  Recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say "This movie is a good one!" Well, here is a movie about an old man who is a master builder. He has built a home on a beach. The home is a wonderful sight to behold. It has an open view of the ocean and an outbuilding that has two rooms. He likes to do things by the book, so he always builds the home the way it was designed. But he does have a little secret. He is a pedophile. He makes the most of his opportunity by bringing children into the house and then making out with them. But in a twist of fate, he also has a secret in the house, which is not as good as it sounds.  He does a little "research" and discovers that his home is actually a prison. It is a place where prisoners are locked away. He decides to use the opportunity to try to get away with his crimes.  One of the rooms in his home.   I have only seen this movie once, and it was at a movie theatre.  It was a good, albeit short, movie.  The music is pretty good and the acting is good.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good time and has some spare time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this was a very good film. I liked the plot, and liked the characters. I didn't like the ending though.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I said, it is not an action movie. It is a very good drama about a small, poor, black man and his life and times in New York. It has great performances by Sidney Poitier, William Holden, and Jack Palance. It was shot in black and white and was never shown on television, so it is truly a unique movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite movies ever, this film is one of my all time favorites.   It is one hell of a ride!   The first time I watched it I just sat there on the couch with my friends, and we were all laughing at how great it is, so many funny moments, and the ending was just awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The final battle is very impressive in that it gives a good representation of a medieval battle. There is nothing in the film that would offend an audience today, and the battle scenes are very good.   Overall:  This is an excellent movie and a good use of technology to tell a story about medieval times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I have seen it many times over the years. I was always fascinated by it. I love the idea of the "Hobbit" from the beginning to the end. I also love the "Wizard of Oz" scene. There are many things that I like about the movie: - The movie is fun and colorful. - The musical numbers are great. - There is a nice "Walking Dead" style ending. - I love seeing the "Rudy" in action. - It has an action scene at the end that is just great. I think this movie is one of the best of all time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like it, but it's not great. I think it's too good, but not great enough to make it memorable.   I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are only a few things in the world that I hate more than a little movie called "The Dark Knight".   "The Batman"   is an excellent little movie.   If you like a good little Batman movie, and you hate that "Bat-tastic" scene where the cops find the corpse of the Batman, and the cops take the corpse to the morgue to dissect him.  Then, the morgues assistant informs the morguage that it is in fact the Batman.  "It was a mistake to keep him alive, the Batman was too strong to have been killed by his own men"  And then the morgans says, "So, we are going to keep his body in the morgas for a while"  You can just picture the morgonage laughing at this, and then they all start laughing hysterically.  There is just something so funny about the morgy-mouthed moron that they all get along so well.  If only that morgeoisie could see this movie, he would see how funny it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought I'd give this a go since I like horror films.   The atmosphere is creepy and creepy it gets worse.  I think I need to see a few more to really understand the horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is no way this film is a remake of a remake (well, if you consider the "original" film the remake).   It is the same story but the actors are different.   In the film it is the old and the young.    The old ones are older (they look it) and have a lot of experience, the young ones are younger and are still trying to learn things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard of this before. I had heard that it was "The worst movie ever made" by the director, and that the studio would try to get it pulled off the market as soon as possible. I watched it when I was 16.  It was so bad that I could not watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story:    In a nutshell, the story is a combination of a good mystery, a well-written thriller, a great western, and an action movie.   It is a good time watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie a lot.   There are some scenes that are just beautiful.  It's a fun movie.  I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent, original story that I think is one of the best I've seen so far in the current crop of genre films.   The story follows a young girl who is left alone to survive when her parents go away for the weekend and she's taken in by a small, quiet family that has their own problems.  The family, though, is not the typical one, with the girl having an odd gift, a ability to talk to animals that has a dark side.  This makes for a great twist and a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies ever made! The best thing is, the movie doesn't take itself too seriously, which makes it a very entertaining movie. The movie is funny as hell and a lot of the humor comes from the character of the "doctor". There are some truly disturbing scenes in this movie. This movie is really good and a must see for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a former cop, I would say that The Wire is an excellent movie about an excellent show, and I was very impressed by it. It was not an easy job for Martin, but he did a wonderful job. I really enjoyed it. I can't wait to see more of it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am an old-timer of the cinema.  I've been to many a good horror film and have seen a lot over the years.  The one that got me was "The Wicker Man" and I've seen all of the other "The Conjuring" movies.  This is a really good movie and I don't regret going to see it.    Posted by: Jeff at 1:16 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie, I really enjoy it and I wish I could have been there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. It has a very interesting plot that revolves around the search for a missing friend. It's quite different from other films in the genre, as it takes place entirely on the island, which was a real surprise to me. I think that was an inspired choice.   The characters are very well developed, and are quite likable. There are several great performances, including that of a great John Hurt, and a terrific performance by the excellent Bill Nighy. There is also a great, and very funny, supporting cast, including Peter Firth, Stephen Fry and Christopher Lee. The film has a lot of laughs, but the script is quite bleak and it never gets anywhere near that happy place. I can't recommend it highly enough, but if you like horror, and have a few hours to kill, I think you'll really enjoy this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm still a believer in the human spirit, no matter what, I'm always hopeful for the best"
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit like a '60s version of "The Adventures of Robin Hood," only the main character is a woman who wears a long gown and a long wig, but the movie itself is a far more engaging and original movie than that one. I think that this is a great movie that has many great scenes that would make you laugh out loud and feel good about yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. It's a good comedy about a guy who likes to shoot the moon. He has a great time shooting and I would recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a movie that's about a bad guy who tries to do good in the end, this movie isn't bad.  It's just a little slow, and you might find it boring to be in this movie for the whole time.    It's a little sad when the bad guy does what he should have done, and the good guy does something really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good story, good characters, and a good director!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw the movie I thought that I have never seen such a beautiful and perfect shot! The film is a beautiful look at the beauty and beauty of the ocean. The music is perfect and the film is very romantic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film. It's very funny. The acting is good. The plot is good, and it has a twist at the end. The only thing that I don't like about it is that there are a lot of songs and a lot more sex scenes. I think this is a decent movie, but I wouldn't watch it if it weren't for the sex scenes (I think it has to do with the sex being in French, so I wouldn"t watch it in French).
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that a movie about an abandoned child's journey back to her family, in the end, has the same kind of heart that made the first one so touching, is a miracle.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a very well-acted movie and well-directed. It does a good job of telling a story in an effective manner. The film has good use of sound and a decent script.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good little comedy with lots of good jokes, great characters, and a lot of heart.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the movies and I have seen them all at least a dozen times. This is no different. It has a lot of funny scenes but is really dark at times. The movie takes a lot out of the viewer. I will say that the characters are interesting. The best part about this movie is the ending. I was really sad when it was over.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie with lots of good humor.  I loved it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie very much. It has a story line that doesn't need a script but it still keeps you guessing. The only problem I had with this movie is that it is all about the characters. They are all very likable, well rounded, and well rounded people. The movie does not have a lot of action but it has enough to keep you interested. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film's plot is pretty simple: the narrator is a detective who investigates cases in which the victim was murdered by a person who was in a hypnotic trance. The killer is described as a very tall black man in a black cape. The film starts with a woman talking on the phone to her mother about how she thinks she's being stalked. After she hangs up, she sees a strange man standing behind her. He's very large, and his black cape is extremely shiny. He then turns around, and she sees that he's wearing a black top with gold accents on it. He is obviously not a man at all, and he's definitely a hypnotist. She talks to him a bit, and then walks away. A few minutes later, she walks by a park and sees a man in black sitting by a fountain. This time she doesn't speak, but the man has a very large smile on his face. She walks over, and sits down next to him. She then begins to speak to him, but it's all a dream, and as she's speaking, the man moves to the right and to the left. He turns around in the fountain and says "I'm sorry, it's been a long time since I was hypnotized, I have a lot of work to do." This happens several times, and it seems like he's just sitting there. Finally he turns around and is walking away again, and the woman calls him back. He responds "Are you calling to check up on me? I was in your dreams a few weeks ago, and I was just about to get out." The woman starts laughing, and says, "That's nice, because I thought you were hypnotized for a long, long time." She then tells the man to come out of the fountain, and tells him to just put on a black t-shirt and a black cap. The man does, and walks out. He walks out of a restaurant, and goes to a car show, and returns home. The woman is amazed that he was in her dreams, and asks him what he did, and how long he's been there. He says he was hypnotizing himself, and explains that his job is to get people to do things, and that the hypnotist's job is "to turn you into the kind of person you want to be." She thinks about it for a moment, and replies, "You're a genius." He says "Yeah
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is a great one. It's a story about a man and a woman, a former soldier and a journalist, who are having a love affair. They start to write about their adventures together and the film has great acting, and an overall good film. I recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie!  It's like the movie equivalent of the Star Wars Holiday Special (I mean that in a good way)  The movie is just awesome!    The film is basically the same as the one in Star Wars:   It's a fun time with a lot of funny moments.   The actors are really great and they have fun together.  The story is simple and it works!  I have to admit that I like the film more than the film in Star wars:  I don't know why.  It might just be because it's a Star Wars Movie!  What I really love about this movie is that it has lots of Star Wars references!  The film is also funny.  This movie is not perfect, but I do think it's worth watching.  I really liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film, but it is not perfect. I think the director should have used the original soundtrack from the 1960's instead of the "Sgt. Pepper" music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    After watching the first two episodes I really thought that it was a good idea to have a vampire hunter in a movie. But, the first episode is too long, the plot is too convoluted, and the acting is too bad. It's not a bad movie but it's not very good either.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was so surprised by the acting, that it is difficult to pick a favorite actor. I loved it and it is a shame that it ended too soon.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a fan of classic movies and the films made by Steven Spielberg, I was thrilled to see a new version of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.   The first film, released in 1942, starred a younger Tom Sawyer and his sidekick Huck Finn.  It's one of the most successful and enduring of all the Tom Sawyer stories and has become an iconic children's film.  The Adventures Of Tom Sawyer is one of those classic stories that is so rich in character, action, adventure, humor and romance that it's impossible to resist watching.  A film with lots of action, lots of humor, and lots of love and heart, Tom Sawyer lives up to the expectations of all of those who loved the first film. A perfect addition to the Tom and Huck collection.     This movie is one to watch with your kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this movie, it was the first time watching a movie with a black character. I was completely shocked. It's not only the first black character, but the first character with an actual personality. I have to admit, there is a certain charm to him, and he certainly fits the movie's setting, and in my opinion, this movie is very good. I'm not even gonna say what it's about, as there is so much I'm afraid I will spoil it for you.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is quite a lot of fun. The movie starts with a lot more suspense and a lot less gore than the book. It is not a bad thing as the book is very graphic. The characters are quite interesting as the main character has an interesting backstory and the heroine is a great girl. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good horror movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last act is where we start to see the film take a turn for the weird.  As the film progresses, we see a man (who appears to be some kind of zombie) coming out of a cave.  The zombies are walking around in a semi-circle around a small house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -I was really surprised by the acting. It was like watching a play, or a movie, with a very good actor like Steve Martin. I can't say that I didn't enjoy the movie as well. The music was a little bit too upbeat and I'm not sure why. The plot is a little too good, but that's part of its charm. It has a very interesting plot, and I really like the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't really recommend this movie to someone who has not seen it. It is very difficult to understand the plot of the movie, which involves two people who are forced to travel on an airship to a planet where they can become a god. I had trouble understanding what was happening. I did see the trailer, and I knew it was a comedy, but I couldn't tell why they were going there in the first place. I think they have to have a reason to go there, and it does not explain the comedy. The film is pretty good for what it is, but you have to watch it in its own time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good action movie with a cool story and a great soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie!  This is one of the more original, exciting, and funny movies ever made!  The best part about this movie is that the title, the movie, the name of the movie...are all really good!    It's a good laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very skeptical about this film.   I thought that the movie would be more like a documentary about a man who has become a recluse.  The man has been isolated for a long time.  He hasn't had visitors since he was a child.  It was not easy to get in touch with him.  I knew I had to go to the airport first and that I would be driving to a place called "The Village."  It seems to be a place where all the local people go when they want to be left alone.  Apparently they live in houses of their own.  As I got closer to the Village I found out that I was driving on a road that I had seen before.  Once there I had a look at some of the houses and decided to find out what was inside.  There are three small houses in a row.  They are all quite different.  A little house, a big house and a small house.  Some of them have been converted into guesthouses.  At the end of the road there is a big white house.   It was interesting to see the big house. It has a big lawn and a big window looking into a garden.  If I was to live there I would have a lot of time to relax.  After getting out of the car I found myself in a small, but very comfortable house. This house was not very big but it looked very nice.  My first visit was at 11 o'clock in the evening.  Unfortunately I did not have any friends that night so I had some alone time to myself.  To get to the house I had just to walk around the village.  Even though I did have a friend that was with me I was a little bit nervous.  This feeling lasted for the rest of the night.  While I was sitting there one of the local children asked me if I was my friend.  When I answered no he just laughed and said "he is your friend because you don't have any friend."  I could tell that he was trying to be friendly but I just didn't get it.  Finally I got to the big white House.  Inside I found the living room with a big picture window.  And inside the big window there was a huge TV with some movies playing.  We sat in the livingroom for about 20 minutes.  In the end I just went to bed.  So I was there
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare "good" movies that actually works.  The plot is a little convoluted, but the action is terrific.    And it's a great "family" movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good one! I love the movie and think its good too! If you love to watch action, and have a big smile on your face then this movie is a must see!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie! It's got some great acting, lots of humor and a plot that's so simple yet still so complex. It's really a great film, and there are not many movies I'd rather watch.   I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good mystery, lots and lots of laughs, and great acting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie! It has a very dark, very mysterious atmosphere and is a bit of a psychological thriller. There is so much to learn about the mind and body, and the way the body and the mind interact. The movie is also a little more subtle in its themes and ideas, and has a nice ending.   I liked the movie, but the movie could be a lot better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the first trailer hit, I was pretty excited.  After the recent disappointing releases from the series (and after hearing about a possible remake), this movie was a breath of fresh air.  I think I am in love with this movie.   The artistry of the animation is incredible.  The story is intriguing.  This movie is a great story of a couple of teenagers who go out into the world to make a better life for themselves.  I am not a big fan of romantic comedies, but this movie has a great heart.  And with a little luck, the actors could make a good sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of my favorite movies.   It's not an amazing film but it's great fun.  The movie has a lot of great laughs and great action sequences.  I think it's a bit of a shame that it's only a one shot.  If the movie had continued, it would have been an epic, even if it was a one-off.  But that's just me.  This movie is so good, it could make you want to get up off your ass and move to LA.  It has a good soundtrack, a good cast and the script is funny as all get out.  You don't have to be a comic to like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In my opinion, a great thriller!   The story revolves around a man who is trying to get revenge on the man who framed him for the murder of his wife.   It's a thriller that is great for those who like the genre and for the thrill seeker in all of us! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -The title says it all.   The plot is solid and the acting is good.  -The first few minutes are slow but then it picks up and the action starts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been to this movie before and I'm going back.   It's not the best movie I've ever seen but it's certainly entertaining.  I like the movie because it's about a man and a woman who have a child together.  It gives you a lot of great ideas about the relationship between a husband and a wife.  The father is a bad man who doesn't want to have a relationship with his son and the mother is a good woman who wants to make a good relationship with her son.  I didn't see a lot about the father and the son but I'm sure it would have been interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, and I hope I will never see it. I am a big fan of John Carpenter, and this movie was a great example of Carpenter's style.   The film takes place in a very bizarre world. The people who live there are called the 'Sorcerers'.   It is believed that the Sages are descendants of the lost race of wizards.  They are all evil, and there are no good ones.  The Sorcerer's leader is a man named "Skeeter", a man who believes that he is the only wizard in the world. He lives alone, and he has no interest in anyone but himself.  It turns out that Skeeter is actually the ruler of the entire world, and it turns out he is in fact the wizard himself. He has ruled this land for thousands of years, and is very powerful.  Skeeter tries to kill everyone, but he can't. He is trapped in a castle by a demon named The Man in Black.  This film is very disturbing.  My only problem with the film is that I don't think it was made by John Carpenter.  I don 't think he was involved in this movie at all.  As far as the movie goes, it is very good, and John Carpenter is a great director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The good:  A little bit of a weird movie with a weird and weird setting, and some very strange ideas, but it's a little hard to explain without giving away a lot of the details.   A couple of people are locked in a small space together.  Some sort of space station with strange things in it.  But there is also a little girl who is locked in the room with the couple and she has some pretty strange things happen to her.  I found myself looking at the film quite often while watching it and it seemed to me that this movie had some kind of a theme or something that it wanted to say.  There were a couple of really strange moments and I don't think that they were used to good effect.  It was very easy to find something in it that I enjoyed and didn't mind at all.  The bad:  It's pretty much a story about a guy who gets trapped in a space station by his lover.  This guy is a pretty funny and a bit likeable guy.  When he gets trapped and he is being told that he can't leave the station he gets really pissed off and decides to fight the guy that has locked him up.  What is the point of this movie?  The ending of the movie was a little bit rushed and it left me a little disappointed.  For me this was a film that I didn't really care for but there was something about it that made me really smile and it gave me a laugh.  Overall:  I give this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm very pleased to see that this is still going strong with a third installment this time around, and it's just as good as the last.   The action scenes are great.  The villain, in addition to his usual evil tricks, also gets some good lines, as does the hero, although I'm not sure he's really a hero, more of a misfit in his own skin.  A great story told well by a good cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit that I've been wanting to see this movie for a while now, I just never got around to watching it.   The movie follows the life of "Lassie", a dog who can speak English and some other words.  Lass, who's owner is a former circus star named "The Professor", is very talented, he's always had the ability to speak and understand human languages.  The Professor was on a road trip from New York to a circus in the West when he fell off the horse.  As he was walking back to the car, he was hit by a truck.  After the accident, Lassie is taken in by the Professor's son.  At first, the boy seems like he has a good family, but he soon falls out with them, and his mother eventually moves out of the house and into a shelter.  There, she meets the local circus clown, "Lucky".  Lucky has a huge personality, and he makes Lass be his little brother.  Lass and Lucky end up in a wrestling match, where Lass is winning.  Unfortunately, the Professor has other plans for the day, and decides to kidnap Lucky.  Lucky is rescued and they both leave together.  They drive off, and Lass starts to feel that he is in danger.  But as he's leaving, he notices a boy with a horse, and as he gets closer to the horse, he realizes that the boy's name is "Lionel" and that he lives with his mother.  And then he starts to think about how he could have met "Lasso" and "Teddy", who were all his childhood heroes.  Finally, as they pull up to a train station, Lasso asks, "What's your name, baby?"   I loved this movie, and I really hope that Disney will get around to making more of these animal films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's like a great western with lots of humor, action, suspense, a nice cast, and a decent screenplay.  This is one of those movies that is good for a few hours, and then becomes boring, so try and find something else to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie! It has a little bit of everything: action, comedy, romance and some interesting characters. The movie itself is great! I love the little characters! And I love that they all come together to help each other. This movie has everything I want in a comedy: some good laughs, some action, some romance and even a little tragedy!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, I mean I loved it like a kid loves a muppet. I love this movie so much. I loved the acting, the music, the animation and everything about it. I could not get enough of this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is a little weak, and a lot of people will laugh at it, but it's funny as hell and worth the watch!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed the movie so much I actually watched it a second time. It is a good film that takes a long time to get going but it is worth the wait.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited to see this movie when it came out in theaters.  It was good.    What a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was born in 1955 and watched the film in college, I have no idea how old this film is, but I'm not sure it's been out a long time. The actors are great and I like the music.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a good thriller, and it has the typical Hollywood formula. The plot follows the typical plot, as an ex-Marine turns himself into a thief, who gets caught by the FBI. The movie also has a great soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I don't know what's up, but I'm sure you don't either.  I'm the lead singer of the band.    I'm just going to keep going, I'm trying to figure it out."   Well I'm a total sucker for the lead vocals.  So there's this guy named Pete.  He's got this rock and roll band and he wants to be a singer and he's just about to break into it when he meets the chick from the music store who's the lead vocalist and sings with him.  Pete does get a little cocky with his music but he learns a lot from her and she also teaches him a lot about being a man.  There's a lot of great songs on this album, there's a song called "Dirty Dicks" about a guy who gets his dick sucked by a bunch of prostitutes and the other song is called "The Way That You Love" about an ex-girlfriend who wants to get back together with him and she doesn't want him to be embarrassed.  One of the best songs on here is "Mama's Little Boy" about this poor kid who's been abandoned by his mother and his grandmother.  It's an absolute tear jerker.  And then there's "Sailor" about the girl that Pete and his girlfriend go out on a date to.  The song is great too.  You'll never get bored of it.  This is a great album and I recommend it to anyone who likes great rock and rock and Roll.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film that has many good elements and good acting, including one of my all-time favorite characters, the wisecracking, sardonic, hilarious, and wise-ass and surprisingly subtle, but still quite effective, Jack Nicholson.  I have always found Nicholson to be a great actor and this is a very good example of that.  Jack is also a very smart and very amusing fellow, especially when he is in a situation where he can get out of trouble, as he does in this case.  The whole thing is also very funny, especially during the final scene, when the gang, the police, and the reporters have been all invited to a party thrown by the mayor.  It is just so good that I could not put it down.   I do not think that I have ever seen such a good picture, in any medium.  If you are looking for a good comedy, a good crime film, a great film that shows the power of human nature, or a good family film, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The final film in a trilogy that started with 'Gravity' in 2006 and has been steadily expanding since then. It's not an easy film to watch, but the payoff is worth it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fantastic tribute to the classic B-movies that have been popular since the 50's and early 60's.  The acting is perfect, the story is fun, and the special effects are great.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie about a bad movie ever made!  A terrible, disgusting, uninspired, and dull film.  As the movie begins, the entire cast is laughing at some kid's movie.  What's a kid to do?    It turns out that the kid is a murderer and that the movie is a "how to kill a man" video.   The kid, of course, is a loser and the whole thing is a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. It was well made, and it had some cool scenes. The main character was a nice guy. I felt he got a little shortchanged in the ending, but he does make a return in the sequel. I like the ending in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been meaning to watch this movie for quite some time now. I was hoping that it would be a good one. I think it was a good film. It was a funny film. I like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot of the movie is not so original, but it's not bad either. This is a well-paced movie with a plot that makes the audience think and ponder about what really happened to these people. It's an interesting movie to watch and one of the better films that I have seen this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies ever made. The acting was brilliant, and the plot was interesting. I'm sure I will be watching it again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a terrific little movie. It's a bit funny, a bit disturbing and a lot of heart. It tells the story of a young girl who's been living in a dollhouse for a year, who has an accident and ends up with the body of a little girl. It has a great cast and wonderful animation, and it's really a great little movie with some good scares and a good ending. I hope that this one gets made into a TV movie someday, because it's great stuff.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a pretty good movie in that it gives you a little bit of something that is different and different.  It is not quite as good as The Lord of the Rings (which I think is the first fantasy movie I've ever seen) but it is a good enough movie to satisfy the people who have a soft spot for the Tolkien series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is very good. I'm very much enjoying it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't love it, but it's a pretty good movie. There are some very nice set pieces (one involving a dog in a bathtub is my favorite), and a lot of nice dialogue, even if it's pretty generic for a sci-fi flick.   As a big fan of the original Star Wars, it's nice to see Lucas and his team bring that world to life again. They've done a great job of bringing the world of The Empire Strikes Back to life, which was an interesting concept in the first place. But it's not a sequel by any means. It's a standalone story that takes place about 30 years after the events of Return of the Jedi, which means the story takes place over the course of just two films. Which is a pretty neat way to go about it, and one that I was pretty happy with.  .
Write a positive review about a good movie:      This was a pretty good movie. The story of a family's journey through a desert is a classic, but the actual acting and directing is very good and the music is good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very pleased with this movie, a good, old-fashioned western with a good old-time music soundtrack.   A good film, with a great performance by John Wayne. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very excited about seeing this movie and after watching it, I found it to be an entertaining and well-acted movie. It was very well made, the acting was great, and it had an awesome soundtrack that I would love to listen to all the time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a big fan of the greats of the genre, especially Alfred Hitchcock. I can't recall a more thrilling or more disturbing sequence in a Hitchcock film. It's a masterpiece. It is one of the best of all time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film has a great cast, but the script and acting are lacking a little.   A nice little flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    When the trailer for The Mummy Returns dropped, I had to check it out. It was the first film of the rebooted Universal monster movie franchise that had been in development for many years. The Mummies had been on the loose for decades, and this was their first real screen outing since 1999. I remember seeing this movie as a kid. It's pretty much the same story as the original. The film's premise was that the Mummy has returned, and he's decided that he needs to conquer all of mankind. This is a very typical Universal monster film: The Mummies are back, and they've been doing the same thing for centuries. But now they've got their own army of humans, who are being held captive in a cave by the Mummies. The humans are in a very precarious situation: they can't defeat the Mummifiers without the help of the humans' own army, and the Mumbies are always able to outnumber the humans. This movie takes place in an alternate reality, so it's possible that the humans and Mummies had a friendly relationship during the first movie. However, the Mumbo Mumbo is not always a friend to the humans: he can be very aggressive, and there's a great deal of violence in this movie. This was a great movie in general. I especially enjoyed the first half of the movie, which had lots of great monsters and action. There's even a brief sequence of the Muppet Babies in action! It was a fun and entertaining ride, and I look forward to seeing what the new Mummy movies will bring. The first film didn't have much to recommend it, but I'm hoping that this rebooted franchise can do better.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie at least five times. It is an amazing film that has a very different feel from many of the other war movies. It really is a very good story that is very well done.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a must see. It is a movie that I've wanted to see for a long time. I love the way the actors play the roles. They are great. I especially liked the scene when the dog is playing with the cat and the cat takes a bite out of the dog.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't give this film a bad review.   It is a great film about two friends who, after seeing the same old Hollywood movie in a theater, decide to go out on a date.  But when they arrive at the park they find a mysterious woman there.  It turns out that she is not just a woman.  She is a demon who has been trying to bring about the end of the world for years.  This is an excellent film about the human spirit.  I highly recommend this film to everyone who likes a good mystery. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good one to watch for a while. It was a fun movie to watch with some great action scenes and a good ending. This was the first time I've seen the movie and it's a fun flick with a great ending. It's a good flick to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I don't want to play this game anymore."   The story of this movie is just too good to not be worth watching. The story is about a girl, her stepfather, a couple of friends, and a few enemies.   This is a movie that I think is pretty good.  The movie is all about the friends, but the enemies are the ones who really get to do the fighting.  This movie is a must watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of this movie is really a good one. I mean it really is a good story. The main character is a girl who is having a tough time at school. She is not only being bullied but she is also not popular. So she does what anyone would do: She takes a job as a janitor in a school. It's a school with a very bad reputation because it is run by a bunch of bullies. The janitor (who is actually named Mr. White) comes in on the days that the school is out of session and he cleans up after the students. He is a nice guy who seems to like the janitor. It is only a few days before the beginning of the next school year that Mr. Brown decides to give the janitors their very own school to work at. Unfortunately, it doesn't take long for Mr. Blue and Mr. Orange to show up. Now these bullies know how to make a name for themselves, so they get the janators to clean up their school. Mr. Black is the principal and Mr Pink is his assistant. Mr White is really the only good guy of the bunch, but he has to deal with these bullies day in and day out. I really liked this movie. I liked how the story was done and the character development. I especially liked the way the bullies were dealt with. It made them all a little less annoying and a little more human. I also liked how Mr. Pink was portrayed. He was a really nice guy and the other janitors seemed to like him. I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good old fashioned bully movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't normally like horror movies.   However,   The most terrifying moment in the movie is when the little girl is in the kitchen and the monster appears out of the chimney.   It makes me want to go play in the woods. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited to see this movie because of the great reviews. I really enjoyed this movie and had a great time watching it. I am a big fan of both the original movie and the sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the better horror films of the decade, The Evil Dead has it all.   It's a very entertaining movie, with plenty of jump scares and action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great film, and one that I think will be remembered as a classic.  The movie is fun, and it's good fun to watch a guy on a bicycle trying to find a girl.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is about an old woman who lives alone in her house in the mountains. She likes to climb the mountains all the time, and she is a good climber. One day, she is walking along the road when she sees a man with a knife. She says to herself, "I have come a long way, but I don't want to stop." She climbs to the top of the mountain, and there she is very happy, because she is alone. A little while later, a horseman riding a white horse comes by. The horseman stops in front of her house, and says to her, "You look very tired, dear." The old lady says to him, "Thank you for taking care of me." The horse man says to the old lady, "If you don't mind me, I will stay a few days. I can bring you something for supper." "What will it be?" "I want you to help me to take care of a horse." "I don't know how to do that." The woman asks the horse man, "What is the meaning of life?" "To do as one pleases." The man says, "Do as you like." "Where do horses live?" "They live in the valleys." "Oh, that is a very nice thing to say." The lady says, 'Thank you very much. It is the truth. I am old and tired. I want to lie down and rest." The animal horseman sits down and looks at her. "If I can do anything for you, I must help you." He gets down from his horse, and goes towards her. The lady looks up and asks him, "'How do horses sleep?"' "They sleep in the valley." "They are like me. I have a very long and lonely life." The dog says, "'What is your name?' 'My name is Jack.' 'Do you like me?'" The horse and the dog begin to play. The man sits down on a chair, and begins to write on a piece of paper. The dog comes by and sees the writing. He says, `What is it?' The horse replies, "'Jack.' Jack is very good. He can make me very happy. If I don`t like him, I can get rid of him. I will tell him my name, and he will help me. He will be a good friend." The dogs asks the man, "'Where do
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love the film, and the movie is a really fun movie! I liked the story about the kid who had a car accident in his youth, he goes to a movie and he has a big accident! He is given a chance to live and he does, he lives a happy life with his family. He is now the owner of a very nice home.   It is a very entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm still a bit bitter about the ending of the movie, but I can't stop watching it. This movie is so interesting and fun, I don't even think I can stop watching this. I recommend this movie to everyone, it's very funny and good, but not a masterpiece.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was one of my favorite movies of the year.   A movie about a kid who gets a bicycle and learns to ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is the best film of the year, but even the best cannot surpass the brilliance of The Shining. Stanley Kubrick's masterpiece takes you back to the days of the Old West. The movie is a haunting journey that you will never forget. It is also a film that can be enjoyed by anyone. I myself enjoyed it very much, and my wife also did. It has great characters, it is not overly long and is a very original and fun film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie at a friend's house, it was a great way to start the summer.   The film itself is a great example of a story told in a way that is as entertaining as it is clever, funny, and a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In short: A good movie about a great man.   - March 24, 2008A great movie about an American hero
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie! The best thing about this movie is the music. It's so good that you want to play it all the time! I love it! It's funny and is just so great. I highly recommend this movie to any fan of action movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Funny, charming, romantic, and suspenseful. There are lots of twists in this film, the climax is quite epic and there is a real sense of wonder at the end."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had heard of this movie many times before, I even saw it in theaters, however I'm not one of those people who likes to go see a movie a second time, but then I got the feeling that this movie has to be seen a third time, because the story, although very well told, is still very much in the same old vein, which is to say it's the same sort of story I have seen many times, and, I'm sorry to say, there are too many familiar themes that have been seen many, many times to be new. I am very much looking forward to seeing the movie again, and maybe I'll see it in the theater with some friends, although it will be more like an evening of "good movie" and "good time" in a restaurant, rather than a "good night's sleep."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good old movie about a bad man (Humphrey Bogart) who's being paid to kill a bad guy (Hugh Hefner). It's the classic 'what if' story with Bogart at his best.  I really enjoyed this movie, even if the movie isn't great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie of this year is the latest entry of a good old favorite: David Lynch. It is not the usual "Twin Peaks" kind of Lynch, but a Lynch of the surreal and of the old-school horror. It takes a good long while to get there, and it is all the more interesting because the "Twins" are never really involved at all. The most interesting thing is the story of an old couple who have just gotten together. He is an art collector, she is a former porn star. They live together in a small house in a quiet neighborhood. The old man takes to his bed one day and it soon becomes clear that he is not going to wake up. This is followed by a series of strange dreams, all about a strange woman. The man's wife is very suspicious, and after a series to bizarre events the old man eventually comes to life again, and the old woman is forced to flee. The story is a simple one, but very effective. I think this movie is the best of the Lynch series so far. I liked it so much that I would not mind waiting until the next film. I would watch it again and again.        
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very excited to see this movie as I've always enjoyed the stories of the author and his wife and I've enjoyed reading his novels as well.   In the novel, there is a family that has been exiled to a small island and it is up to the mother and her daughters to find a way back home.  A wonderful movie: I'm not sure if it is the same actress who played the young boy in the movie but I enjoyed this movie just as much as the novel and will definitely be picking up the sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only negative review I can think of about this movie is that it is very, very long. I guess it's too long to be good but if you have a good long story to tell you probably shouldn't put it in a movie with such a long run time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A fantastic, hilarious, and heartbreaking tale about a young girl who has lost both parents. When her older brother, Michael, is diagnosed with cancer, she decides to take his place and stay with her grandmother. As a result, she falls in love with the man next door, and they go on a whirlwind romance that is so exciting that it could have been set in the 1920s.   The story is written so well, and the actors are so wonderful that you just can't help but laugh and enjoy it.  Posted by Katie G at 7:00 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of the most entertaining movies I have ever seen.  It's funny and well made and a great way to spend a couple of hours.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always wanted to see a movie based on a comic strip, especially one that was as good as this one. I'm really glad I went with it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sorry but I think it's very bad that the movie is so cheap looking and so bad. The script and the performances are not very good and I think the whole movie is shot like a low budgeted movie with some actors not acting like actors. I'm so disappointed.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a big fan of the original version and this one is pretty faithful to the original with a few interesting additions and a lot more action.  The original was a much better film, but this one adds a little something that makes it a better movie.  A man goes missing after a train car accident in which the train derailed.  The police suspect that a mobster murdered the victim but the victim's friend is skeptical.  This is the first film that the director and actor (Michael Madsen) ever did together, and the movie is a lot of fun, especially if you have a young daughter.  I don't think that I'd ever go see a film that I enjoyed more than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My husband and I love these movies and we have a lot of friends who love them too. The only thing I have noticed is that the people in the movie don't seem to have a very good grasp on the English language. It's a great movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a nice movie about a couple who love each other and do whatever they can to make each other happy.  There's a couple in a small town who are in love and a guy who loves his dog.    The dog is a bit of a hound but he does get a bit excited when the guys are together.  I'm not sure about this film as I've never seen a movie like it but it's a fun movie with a lot of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lonely and a little lost" I was reading a review that stated that there were two reasons that made this film great. First, there was the way the actor played his part. He looked like a man that was lost and had been there for a while. The second reason is that there is a great story to tell. The story is about a boy that is lost in the woods and is picked up by a hunter named John. The boy is lonely and wants to be found so he will not get lost. The movie had great dialogue and great acting and it will make you think about life and what you are really doing.  This movie is also a great time for your friends to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything I love:    It's funny, heartwarming, heartfelt, and beautifully shot.   The first scene is a bit slow, but then the camera pans in on a baby playing with a toy gun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a sense, it was a sequel to  The Last Starfighter, which I loved.  This movie has some of the same elements, but there are many improvements.  It has a strong cast, and the script is strong as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film's only real drawback is the amount of action in it. This movie is about a group of people who were stranded on an island. One of them is the leader of this group, a man named Charlie. Charlie has an almost god-like strength and is always in the right place at the right time. He is very intelligent and uses that intellect to do his bidding. He also loves animals and uses this knowledge to manipulate them. As you would expect from a movie like this, the animals are always fighting each other and being mean to each other. One thing I didn't like about this movie is that there were too many different animals and humans. There were more animals than humans and that bothered me. The film is mostly made up of Charlie's point of view. He was there when they were stranded, so it was only natural that he was the one who would see them all and then decide what to do. I thought he had some nice scenes where he had a lot of fun with the animals. There are a lot more scenes of him playing with the other animals. The only real bad thing about this film is that Charlie's wife is not in it at all. She's too busy with her new baby to even notice her husband's predicament. It was sad to see how Charlie's life went downhill after his wife left him. I think the film was a little long. The people in the film seem to get in each other's way a little bit. There's a lot going on in this movie and there is a lot to take in.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sorry, I don't know how you're supposed to like this movie. I really didn't enjoy it at all. It's a really bad movie, but not a bad movie per se. It just has a really annoying voice and it's a comedy, which I don  The story is a little silly, the story itself is about a bunch of people who get to visit the old world which has a little village, where they get to stay for a few days. It is the day before a big holiday. The people in the village have all prepared themselves to celebrate, but as it happens, there's a giant hole in the ground in the middle of the village, which they say is the entrance to a portal to the past. One of the villagers decides to go in the hole to check it out. The other villagers tell him not to, as it is dangerous and the water will poison him, so he decides to stay and take pictures instead. But he also notices a little girl standing at the entrance of the hole, she's a little younger than he is and looks like a little child. He's a bit scared of her, but he goes anyway. They all go in, the water kills them, and then the water returns and turns everyone into children again. So, the little girl comes to the village to visit her parents, but she also comes back to the hole and is stuck there. The little girl's parents are worried and don't think they can go home. But the girl's father decides to take her to the next village. They take a train, and the girl falls asleep on the train. The parents are terrified, but the little boy is really excited to be able to go home with his sister. The family then leave, and that's the end of the story. The only problem is, the movie has this annoying little voice over, which you have to get used to, and it always seems to repeat the same thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the most original, interesting, and original film I have seen in a long time. It was a good film in every way. There were some parts that were a little slow, but I don't think the story was the worst I have ever seen.   I think that the movie should be shown to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like the way they have handled the character of Mr. Tully, I can't say I'm a fan of Tully's, but he does get some character development.  The actors are good, and the dialogue is good.  If you like:    - Good music, good characters, good story, good action 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the kind of movie I like: a young man with a strange, yet natural affinity to the land is thrown into a life of hard labor in a small town. But, he quickly finds that life is more fun than hard labor.   "I will not fail to make you laugh, and I am going to try to make it interesting."   I like how a young boy is brought up in a rough, rough town. His first day of work in a farm is a hard day for everyone, and it does not get any easier. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts with an extremely violent murder of a man (actually a woman) by two men in a car. The man is dragged from his car and beaten by the two men, one of them getting out of the car to rape the woman. They are both shot dead, the car is wrecked and the car itself is rammed into a car on the other side of the road.   It is very hard to see the movie, but I had to see it to be able to tell that there was indeed a movie being made here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In case you're one of the many people who are in love with this movie, you might want to check out this blog for more info.   It's a nice little movie that takes you through some of the basic elements of a horror movie: suspense, fear, and a few scenes of gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a movie about a serial killer that goes by the name of 'The Great White' it has a lot of charm and has a few laughs in it as well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was very well done. I liked how it kept a sense of mystery and a mystery that was still fun to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a well-directed, well-acted movie that has a nice, good plot, and even though it is about an "inventor" of a device that was used in the past to send people to other worlds, it is not so out there that you would not think it was a science fiction movie.   The acting in this movie is a bit over the top, but it is good acting, and you can tell they did a lot of research. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the movie "Avengers: Age of Ultron" last night, and it was a pretty good movie.  It had some funny moments, and I found myself laughing at a few of them, but it was more about the action than anything else.    I liked the fact that they put the Hulk in the middle of the action, and made it a little more than just a silly action sequence, it was about the battle and the fighting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a more entertaining and enjoyable movie.   The film follows the exploits of a young girl named Amy (played by Kate Hudson) as she attempts to learn how to survive in the world outside of the walls of her apartment.  Amy's life is in turmoil as her father (Bradley Cooper) works at the nearby nuclear power plant.  When the reactor at the power plant explodes, the radiation and debris fly into the air. Amy is knocked unconscious and the radioactive debris falls into the apartment below.  What follows is an explosion of humor and adventure as Amy and her father struggle to get out of the apartment and get to the hospital.  One of the most entertaining and entertaining films I've seen.  Posted by Chris at 8:20 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to catch a screening of this one.  It is definitely one of those horror comedies, and that is all I can say about it.    I loved it, and it's funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is hard to find a good film about the war in Europe in the late 1940s. There are some good pictures. I like the movie with the German soldiers in a German prison camp. It was an interesting experience.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really cool little movie about the last days of a little girl who's been raised by the gods. It's a fun story about a kid who gets a special power to be a god and goes on a quest to save the world.  It's like a Disney movie but with a little more dark and edgy undertones than I'm used to seeing.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is how well it captures the essence of an 80s sci-fi action flick.   The movie does a good job of portraying the action, as well as its ridiculousness, while also providing some character development that keeps the movie from being boring.  I give it a 9/10 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw it, I thought that it was a film that would take place in a dream world, where people who have gone to heaven, as well as people who are going to hell, live in the same world. And this is the reason why I like this film so much. It shows that life is not that bad. And the plot is very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best Movie Ever" -  Terrific movie. I have never seen anything so good. Great story, well acted and the characters are all very interesting.  The movie is about a small town in Oregon where everyone knows everyone else.  I have to admit I never saw this movie when I was a kid, but I love it.  I've only seen it a few times now but I keep coming back.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always liked this movie. I think it's a very good movie that's a bit on the silly side at times but I don't think it goes out of it's way to be so. The acting is very good, the plot is good and the animation is pretty good. If you like this kind of movie, you might like it as well.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My husband and I went to see this movie at our local movie theater. It was a great movie and I had a good time. It is not too dark or violent but I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a love/hate relationship with this movie. On the one hand, it's a good film with an enjoyable ending. On top of that, it has some funny scenes that will be memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic.  If you like your "comedy" to be light, fun, and a little risqué then this is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie.  You don't have to like it, but you certainly shouldn't.    It is just plain fun, and I'm sure most of you are going to have a good time with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film's only purpose is to show the world's "worst" movie in a way that doesn't even bother to be interesting, it's more like a boring TV series than anything else. The ending is nothing short of ridiculous as the characters in this movie end up killing each other with their own special weapon. This movie could be an action movie for all the world if it weren't for the terrible acting, acting that is even more terrible than the movie itself and a plot that doesn' ever get off the ground. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not really about the war, but the people who are trying to keep it going. The best part of the movie is the fact that the story is told in flashback. The main character (Clemens) is a man who lost his family in the war and his wife is a widow, and her only son is a child who has the same name as the boy in the movie. He goes to Europe and he meets with the boy's family who are all living in a cottage in France, and the family is very happy that they finally have a son. His name is Henry. In the meantime, Clemens's wife has a stroke and is on life support. One day he hears about a war that is being waged between Germany and the United States, and he decides to help them and bring them together. The war itself is pretty interesting and even though it is the end of the war in Europe, it is pretty funny. I liked the idea of a child of the two worlds who can never know the joys of the other side. I also liked the way the movie portrayed war. The ending was good as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little skeptical about the movie at first.   The first two minutes were very interesting.  It took a few minutes to get into the swing of things, but after that the movie was very entertaining.  I loved how the two characters worked out a deal that both of them seemed to find quite humorous.  My only real issue with the movie is that there is a lot of violence and nudity.  However, the film does a good job of getting across the story and has a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best horror movie I've seen in a while!  I'd love to see this movie on the big screen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "What you need to know about this film: "Duck Soup" is a film about a group of four very strange and eccentric people. They live in a shack, and they seem to do nothing but live in it. They've got a couple of wives, a son, and a dog, and their lives are a little bit bizarre. They do a lot of odd things, like live on a big pile of garbage, drink a lot, and do a whole lot of crazy things. Their wives are all very beautiful, and the son is a good little boy, and his name is Peter. But the thing about this movie is that it's a very good story, and it's really a fun time."   In the film, we have a group that live in the middle of nowhere, in the winter, and all of them are in their 20's. They all have an extremely unique and interesting way of doing things, and we have to admit that they are all quite weird. The most obvious thing is that they live in an abandoned shack, in a cold and snowy area. It's also interesting that none of them seem to be employed, and yet they seem very happy and content. We have an insane man that is a cannibal, a woman who is a witch, a boy who is an alcoholic, a young boy who does magic tricks, a girl who has a very strange way of cooking, and then there is a girl that has a dog that is an amazing animal.   What really makes this film work is that you don't have to know much about it. It takes you right into the story, but it never makes you want to give up and move on. It shows you just how weird they are, and what they do, and that's a good thing. There's a lot to like about this little gem of a film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie twice now. I've never seen a movie that had this many badasses on screen.  The movie starts off with a car crash that kills a lot of people and it's unclear who did it. This leads us to two young brothers who are both very capable in a fight. They don't really get along at all and they're very close to each other. The older brother is a really nasty person who is very violent. The younger brother has a big heart and he doesn't really like the way his brother is acting and so they fight each other at first. The movie then picks up where the car crash left off and we see how two gangs in California are battling it out. This is when the real action happens.  I'm not a big fan of this movie, but it's a fun movie with a good plot and it does what it sets out to do.  The story isn't really that interesting to me.   What I did like was the cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "There is no way you could have scripted it any better."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The second season of this great show is better than the first, but the first season was amazing.  This time around, the story is a little different.   What's really interesting about this season is that we see the introduction of some new characters (including an interesting new twist on a well-established character) and an even more interesting twist on an already established character.  The show has some good laughs and even more great drama.  I'm very excited to see where the series goes next.  Rating:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with great music, but, the real star of the movie is the main character, who is really great.   He is the man who is the center of the action.  It's like when you watch a great movie. It is very well written and acted.  You'll find yourself watching this movie over and over again.  The story is interesting.  My only real complaint is that I would like to see a little more action.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been wanting to watch the movie for a while and it finally happened, the movie was good, the acting was good and the plot was good. I think this movie is going to be in my top 10 movies of all time and probably be on the top 10 list for a very long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Big Bad Wolf" is a pretty good movie. It is a comedy and a good comedy, in my opinion. It has a bit of a dark edge to it, and there are plenty of moments that will make you think twice about going into the woods. It's funny and it's good, and I recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most underrated horror movies out there, and it has one of it's own best villains in Stephen King. The film itself is a bit of a slog to get through, but if you have never seen it, I recommend it. It is so fun to watch and if you like Stephen King, you will like it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is nothing else like it. This movie is so good it is not even funny! It is very realistic and has a very strong message to live by. It has made me want to become a better person every day. It also helps me in making better decisions in life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge Star Wars fan and I love the new trilogy.  This movie is amazing!  It's about a stormtrooper that is trying to save his squad mates.    The best part about this movie is that you don't need to know the Star Wars trilogy to enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is a scene where a man, whom we soon learn is an astronaut, goes into space for the first time. He gets lost and doesn't find the right place. He thinks about this for a while and then goes and gets a map of the place he should be looking for and takes it with him. We see him driving around with the map in his hand and the astronaut turns up and is all "Whoa! Where are we going?" and the man says "You know, I've been wondering about this thing." Then we get this strange thing where the man is saying "I'm a space pilot, I don't get lost very often" and then this other guy turns up who's just a little bit overweight and looks a bit out of place and it's all very funny.   One of the more original and funny scenes in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good one for me, and it was a great surprise to find that I was really not that interested in the first half, until I heard the ending.  I had to laugh a bit, I must say, but it was not that funny in the end.  It was very, very well done, though.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a very unusual guy. He is the son of a very eccentric and very rich man who died when he was a young man. This movie tells the story of his son. There are a lot of things in this movie that are strange and out of place. It is one of the strangest films I have ever seen, but it is also one of my favorite movies. It was very funny, very weird, and I think it was a really good film. I liked it so much that I even went to see it on the big screen.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie.   The best of all the horror movies out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has an ending, a little more than what was expected. It was an excellent film, very good action, and a good story. I'm sure it will make people happy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be pretty funny and enjoyable, even though there were some moments that were just a bit too silly. It was well-paced, funny, and I enjoyed the film's ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it tells the story of a woman named Sarah who has had an affair with a married man named David.  He had an eye for a young woman named Nancy who seemed to be very interested in him and had promised to marry her.   Sarah is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and I think she would make a great actress.  She is just a perfect mixture of a pretty face, strong shoulders, long legs, and a sexy, strong body.  I loved how she was a virgin at the time of the affair.  After David finds out about her, he tells his wife about Sarah and Nancy.  Nancy is outraged, and goes to the police to report her husband.  But Sarah tells Nancy that she does not know who David is, but she does know what she wants.  David has been a very bad husband, and Sarah has been very good to him.  The story gets interesting when Nancy starts talking about David's daughter.  Sarah starts to see her in a different light.  It gets to the point where Nancy asks Sarah to marry David, and she agrees.  In the end of the movie, David is killed in a car crash and Sarah is sentenced to three years in prison.  What a wonderful movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite part of this movie is the first 30 minutes. It really feels like a movie that was made in the early 70's and the dialogue is very simple. I think this movie may have been a little too simple but I was still entertained by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a bit of a different kind of a story, and I suppose it's probably a bit more unusual, because it's not really one of those "mysteries" you find in the more standard detective stories that you'd find in books or magazines. The story is rather a sort of supernatural thriller, which in a way, it is. But, that's not why I like it. What I like about it is the way it manages to make a mystery thriller look almost like a psychological thriller. I suppose this is because the story is written so well and the main characters are so believable. This is what makes the movie interesting. There's something for every kind of detective out there. A detective who's also a killer. A killer who's a detective. An ordinary man who's taken on a job he knows he'll hate. And there are even a few twists along the way. It's a great movie. And I think that if it hadn't been a Western or a mystery, it would have worked better as a mystery. But it's a Western, so it's really a Western.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie was pretty fun, with a great soundtrack, and a nice, silly story.  Overall, a good way to end the summer.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent movie, the cast is great, the music is wonderful, and the plot is quite interesting. The movie follows a young man as he decides to move back to his native town, where he hopes to find work and a place to live. He meets an old woman who tells him she was a witch and that her house is haunted. This prompts him to visit her house and find out why her house has such a bad reputation.   The film takes place in an almost real, small town, with lots of people who seem to be having trouble with the world around them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is really good.   It is a true story about a little girl who went out on a mission for the U.S. army to protect the American soldiers.  She did this and she got a medal, and she was a very nice girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is one of those that I can say is a great movie.   It tells a good story that doesn't get into much details about the story of the movie. It's a very well done movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had seen a couple of horror films before this, but they never scared me quite this much. This is a very scary movie that will keep you up at night.   I also loved the title. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most amazing thing about this movie is the fact that it really works. It doesn't really make a statement about the movie industry (at least not in a subtle manner), but it is still an incredibly fun, action-packed, and well-paced film that will have you chuckling at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A well made and well written movie. The story is interesting and entertaining. It is good that there are no other movies like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I have said before in other reviews this movie is a good watch and it is fun.   It is about a woman who is going through some personal issues and trying to find her way.  The movie is very short and it's pretty fast.  It does a good job of portraying a personal and emotional story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller with great performances from a good cast. The film does a good job of showing how one bad decision can have catastrophic effects, and how one good thing can lead to disaster.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a scene where a man's wife is being raped by her boss, who was sent to prison for murdering her son.  At first, I was skeptical about how the film would be able to make me feel anything other than shock, and then it got better and better as the film progressed.    There was some serious shit going on in this movie, and I found it to be an interesting take on the murder mystery genre.  It was one of the most disturbing movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's something so charming about this film that just makes me want to watch it over and over again.  This film is a little gem that will keep you laughing and crying at the same time.  Posted by K.B.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with some excellent performances.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good little movie about a family of four who are forced to move in with a couple of old folks who live on a hill.   The two old ladies are a bit over the top in their old age, and the family has to get used to them, and to a lot of the old folks that live in the area.  It is a very nice movie, it is funny, it has some good scenes, and it has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good horror movie.  This one is even better than the last one, with the same kind of scary moments that made the last movie so memorable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sorry I took so long to review this movie. It is a good time with some good laughs and some good action. The movie takes place in a high school with some very strange things happening.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that, while you know it is a comedy, still makes you laugh out loud. It is so funny. I really like how they used an old school sound for the music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is about a young man who decides to go on a journey of self discovery. He goes through a lot of emotional and physical pain. I think it's a great movie and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been following the history of the British Isles for a while now. I think I have watched every one of the films in the James Bond series, but this one is different to them all. It has a little something extra that gives it a bit of spice and keeps it from being too dry and too dull.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you liked The Departed then this one is a little more realistic in its approach to the story of a cop who is killed on the job by a gangster and tries to take revenge on his killers.   The film has a lot of cool moments and is a very enjoyable watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a great movie, and it was good for a lot of reasons. It had a lot to say about the war on drugs and the police state that has taken over America.   The movie is about a young girl who is dealing with drug addiction and the corruption of the government.  The story is a great deal of fun and well done, and if you liked the first film then you will like this one too.  I also thought that the music was really great and really fit the mood of the movie.  There is a lot more action in this movie then there was in the first one, but that is part of the charm of this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "Takes a few chances, but it works."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie at least 10 times now and it has never gotten old. It's a simple, fun film with a nice story. I hope they make more of these types of movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a really good movie and I'd highly recommend it to anyone.   - December 6, 2008A well-crafted movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like an epic. It is like a story from the world of Tolkien, in a world full of magic. I thought the movie was a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, but the script is a little on the long side and it's hard to follow the characters.  I do like that the film isn't really about the war at all.  It was interesting to see the Japanese characters and to see them as they were in 1940, but it also made me think about the way they would have been seen by other people in 1940.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was pretty good and the music is pretty good as well. I didn't really like the character development though, I think it should be more like the movie, or at least I hope it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that this is a very good movie.   It is a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was never a big fan of the movies of Richard Burton, so it's a real treat to see him here.   The film is a remake of the old movie "Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves" but this time there's a nice twist in the tale.  This is a great comedy about a knight who goes to live with the rich to learn how to be a man.  It's quite funny, with some good performances by everyone.  The music is nice too.  Burton's Batman is a good guy, he always seems to be fighting the bad guys.  I like this Batman because he has some good values and does what he wants.  There is one little problem with this movie, though, it has some flaws in its script.  We get to see a lot of Robin Hood's adventures in a medieval world and it's quite a journey.  At the end of the movie we get to hear some more of Robin's adventures and learn about his family.  Robin's family was originally in a cave in the mountains.  They were never seen again.  But there are still a few hints about them.  All in all, this is a fun little movie and a good way to remember the Robin Hood legend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was a little silly that the villain, the guy with the mustache, would come down in a helicopter to kill all of the characters (including himself) by turning a lake into a lake of blood.  But the story didn't really work in the end and I really didn't care about any of the major characters (except for one) in the movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of good stuff here, but I am not sure what I liked more: the story (which is really good), the characters, the visuals and sound (which are good too), the music and the directing (which I liked even though I did not love it)...all in all a good experience! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    What's a movie without a soundtrack?   I love movies.   It was a little difficult to watch the film since I'm not a big fan of horror, and I'm a huge fan of the original Frankenstein.  However, there are a few interesting ideas and a good cast that help make it worth watching.  The story starts out as the story of a scientist who goes to a house in rural Kentucky, to investigate a murder.  The story is told by a character that is not exactly an interesting character.  This is mostly due to the fact that he is a really boring character.    The second half of the film is really just a retelling of the story from the first half.  I do enjoy the new character that was introduced in the second half.   However, this is really only because he's a really cool and mysterious character that the film really needed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. I thought it was really well done. I was amazed at the way the actors portrayed different situations. I loved the way they went through the scenes and what was in the background. I felt they got into the character very well. I have not seen it in a while so I'm glad I got to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed the movie, and I can see why it's been popular. I thought it was a good film, and that the writing was decent. It's a good little story that doesn't really need much explanation to make sense.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie because of how the main character is written.  He is very naive and thinks he knows what he is doing and is really dumbfounded by the situation he finds himself in.    I also like that it is not only the female characters who are in danger in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fun to watch, and had a good ending. The best part of the movie is the scene where the cops come in the trailer and ask to speak with Mr. Munch.  They then tell him to give them the keys to the trailer, and he does, but the cops are still there and are questioning him.  The cops are the best.   The next scene shows a lot of action, with the cops shooting people and trying to kill a little boy.  After that scene they get the boy, and then go back to the apartment to see who is staying there.  When they get there, the woman comes out and tells them that they have a warrant for her arrest, so they arrest her and take her to the police station.  As they are leaving the apartment the cops tell them that if they want the trailer to be taken from them they have to do something for it.  The cops give them a couple of hours to get something done.  This scene was awesome.  It was great to see the little boy, his mother, and the police officers being involved.  I would like to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie, even better than a lot of movies out there.  It's not your typical family movie.  Instead of the traditional father/son dynamic, we have a father/daughter dynamic, with a good deal of adult themes in there, as well.  A great deal of humor, some real heart and some excellent performances from the cast.  If you like comedy and movies, then this one is a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the few things that are consistent in this movie is the fact that the actors do a fantastic job of portraying the characters. The characters are well defined, believable, and entertaining. The performances are all terrific, and are very naturalistic, even at the most ridiculous times.   The film is a little on the slow side. It takes about an hour to complete. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well made movie. A fun time with a good cast. If you're a fan of comedy, this is the movie for you. If your a fan, I would love to see a second installment.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been wanting to see the old-timey movie starring Clark Gable as an old, beat-up actor who's given the job of taking a train to New York to meet a rich actress. He takes a lot of drugs, but they make him crazy.   This is probably the best of the Gable-Martin-Preston movies, because the writing is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie you need to see. It is a comedy of a terrible place in the world. I wish I had made more of it but it was too difficult to get through.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love the story and characters, the cinematography is excellent, the music is good and the acting is good.   The only thing I did not like was that the ending was so obvious, it was like a cheap fakeout. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  We have been looking for this movie for a long time now and finally we found it!  I don't know what to say about this movie.   It is a simple, cute and funny movie about a cat that is trying to save his house from a tornado.  This is a short movie but it is a very good one.  It has a good message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was very well made, the actors were good, and the movie itself had some good humor.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A solid movie that is well paced.  I'd love to see this one again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was looking forward to seeing the sequel to the classic 'The Day the Earth Stood Still' and I was not disappointed.   The story of a scientist, who has created a robot from the bones of a dead human and is then forced to return it to its creator, a retired astronaut, was a nice touch.  The robots are a little silly and a bit silly can be good.  This is a good old time adventure movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think it's a really good movie and a great one at that. It's very funny, and a lot of fun. I love that they don't bother with any continuity. The kids go out for a drive and the cars are all different! They all drive down different roads and all of them have different speeds. But the movie doesn't get bogged down in any of that. The acting is great, and the music is great.   A very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Man with the Iron Fists" (or "The Iron Fist") is a movie that deserves to be seen.   There's a reason it's called "The One Man Army"   It's a very good movie and I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy with a good cast and a good story.  I've seen it twice now.    I think the story was better than the first time I saw it.  I liked the little character of Jack, I loved the story of how the movie was made, and the little scenes of Jack and his friends.  It made me laugh and it made me cry.  If you are a fan of the movie, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good film and the acting is excellent. I like it and it is very well acted and acted well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not going to waste much time on the negative things.   The first thing you see is a scene with a woman in a room with a mirror.  She is in a bathing suit and a black dress, and her eyes look very blue.  And then you hear her screaming.  It sounds like the scream of a girl that has been hit by a truck.  There is a truck in the background.  This woman has had her eyes gouged out, and then she's being attacked by a man.  I thought this was really odd.  After this scene there are no more screams, and the movie ends.  A movie that could have been great had a little more thought put into it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a lot of fun.  It is one of the most well-realized science fiction films in history.  I especially liked how they brought back the movie's old school sci-fi vibe and brought in the real characters from the movie.    The movie has a lot to do with the concept of the original movie and how it was done by John G. Avildsen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good-bad movie.   If I were a director, I would have gone for more comedy and less gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film starts with a brief shot of a very young girl in a room in a house, a room of an unknown woman, who is looking at a photograph of the young girl, and she says something about how she was once married to a man of great power. The young girl says that she had been married to that man, that he died when he was very young, and that she herself was not quite ready to marry. So she has had to live with her stepfather, who was very kind to her, and they lived together happily, until the young man died. The woman then looks at a portrait of a young man, and says how much he has grown, and how much she wishes she could do for him, but that she is not quite sure that she will be able to. She says that there is a man named Peter Stuyvesant, who has a great power, and is always giving them all a present, and he is a great help to her. She then looks in a mirror, and sees a man who is a very tall and strong man, who looks like she knows him, and looks quite at home. And she thinks that she must marry him, if she is ever to marry again.   The young man has a big head, but is very polite and pleasant. He has a very good education, and was trained at school. He speaks English very well, and knows a little German. He does not drink much, but drinks very freely, and smokes a cigar. He is not very rich, but has some money saved. He says that he will not be married to the young woman, until she can pay him something, or he can help her to make her money.  The young man is very good looking, and very polite, and also very kind, but he has a lot of problems. He cannot afford to pay his own expenses, and has to work to help support himself.  He says he would be very happy to marry the young lady, if he could.  And so they are married, and live happily.  In the film, I really liked this little girl, the daughter of a wealthy farmer, and the daughter-in-law of a powerful man.  But it is really a good story.  It is also a good film.  I recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little bit of humor and action, a bit of a romance, and a very decent story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit I had a little trouble with this movie. It's like the film that inspired the famous TV series. It is not my kind of movie.  It is a story of two sisters that go to the beach.    Their uncle tells them that they can have a real good time at the beach when the waves are high.  The sisters want to go, but their uncle tells the two to go back home.  When they return home, they are shocked to find the house is flooded.  After their aunt comes home, she finds the two sisters' house destroyed.  She tries to save them but they tell her it's all right.  Their aunt is really upset and leaves the house crying.  Meanwhile, the sisters are in a swamp where they meet a strange man.  They tell him they want to have a good time and to make sure the water goes away.  He helps them by bringing in a boat to them.  Once they have a boat, they set off on a quest to find a magic wand.  I'm a big fan of the series, and I had been hoping to see this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has the feel of a classic movie and does not disappoint in any way.  A great classic in every sense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's a certain irony in a guy who loves to make people smile having a movie in which he kills them.  This is not to say that it isn't a good film, it's just that it's not as good as the previous one.  The plot is very basic.  It's not the kind of thing you would expect from a film with such a good title, so I'm not going to spoil it by saying that it involves a bad guy who goes on a murderous spree after his wife and daughter die.  There are a few other things to note about this film:   the music is fantastic and, at times, a little unsettling;  the acting is good, particularly in the supporting roles;  and the visuals are good.  In a lot of ways, this is the perfect film to watch when you've had a long day and you need a movie that's not boring.  The title is right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main character of the film is a very strong one, he is quite capable of being a tough and good guy in a tough world. His strength is the reason he has a good chance of saving his family from an extremely cruel and stupid man.   I was impressed with the way this movie is written and the way it was made. It has the feel of a very good old western with a few of the old school touches that make it enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was pretty good.  I enjoyed it quite a bit.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was never a big fan of the first film.   After the original I thought the franchise would have been a little different.  It wasn't.  I thought it was all just silly, and had all the right elements, but the dialogue was a little stiff.  The sequel, though, had the potential to be better.  There were better actors, and the writing was pretty good.  One of the best performances of the year.  A solid film, and definitely worth a watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does what it is supposed to do, a great movie that is about the American soldier in a time of war. This movie was very well made and it is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought it was great, and I am a big fan of the old Disney animated movies.  This was a fun, fast paced, and colorful ride, which was just perfect for a Saturday afternoon.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a sucker for a good comedy.   And in a film full of comedy, I couldn't help but laugh out loud at the silly antics of the little boy and his family.  It was very amusing to see the whole family trying to be all cute and cuddly when they are really a bunch of clowns who don't know how to take a joke and get their act together.  The only real problem I have with the film is the "The Boy" as the little guy has some pretty serious issues.  He is a lot more mature than I expected.  I do have to say though that there were no bad jokes in this film.  There are just too many good jokes to make this film a bad movie.  Overall I give this film 4 out of 5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great experience, with the best acting I have ever seen.  I'm not sure why the director didn't include the scene of the truck driving through the woods to the end where it hits the road, because that's just a really awesome scene, as if the movie had been shot at a real movie studio.    Also, I'm not certain what to make of the whole thing about the girl from the bar and the guy from the diner.  I'm guessing they're trying to help her out, and she has some weird sense of humor.  If you liked "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.," you'll like this one too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had high hopes for this movie because it seemed to be one of those "lost gems" that is so hard to find nowadays.  There's nothing about it I didn't like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is not too long and not too short, but not in the right direction.   There is some good stuff here and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this is one of the better movies I've seen in a long time.  I think it would have been better if the ending was different.  It could have been something along the lines of "the war is over" and "we're back in the United States"  But then again, if they had done that, I think people would have said "it was a really good movie" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm not sure if I've seen a better performance out of a director. His talent shines through and he's never pretentious about it. His work is always simple and clean. It's an amazing film to watch, but it's only half the film. It has more than its share of suspense. It is a great watch."
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a pretty good flick, I mean, it's a comedy and a good one too. But the story itself, I don't know what it was, maybe it was the writing, or the characters, or maybe it's just the director, but it didn't make me laugh or feel anything at all. I felt like I was watching a movie from a different era. I could tell that this was a movie made for the masses, and I think the audience that watched it should also have enjoyed it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot of this movie was interesting, but it lacked a bit of charm. I enjoyed the story and the characters but it seemed to be a bit rushed and it was a bit long. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie.  It's an entertaining little romp.  "The man of action and adventure!   I can't believe I'm saying this about a film about a boy.   There are times when you have to laugh, there are times where you have no choice but to be glad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie of the year.   If I could only watch this movie all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie once and it made a really big impression on me. It's a fantastic movie and if you are a fan of this genre I would definitely recommend this movie to you.  If you like the idea of a film that follows the life of a blind man with his two blind friends who make a living selling newspapers, this is the movie for you.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about time.  There's a nice little scene where he gets the hell out of there. Â The story is good.    It's a good old fashioned monster movie that is good for those who like good old-fashioned monster movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little disappointed in this movie at first. The action scenes are very repetitive, the story is not too complicated, and there is a lot of comedy. However, it does manage to be entertaining, and it is good to see a film that does not just fall into the usual "hero/villain" categories, but instead takes a different approach.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last movie I watched by the great Ken Russell, who directed and wrote this one.   It was an extremely well acted movie and the acting was really top notch.  The story was good, but not really my thing, but I'll say that Russell was an excellent director.  It has a good story and is quite long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best horror movies ever made!   I was expecting a lot from a remake of the 80's movie. The actors, the sets, the music. But nothing compared to the movie itself. I love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My daughter is a huge fan of the movies from this film series.   It is a great mix of genres with plenty of humor and action.  The action in this movie is really awesome.  There are a few scenes that are just too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good, well-made, fun movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I've seen many a bad film and this was a good one. It wasn't overly complicated or complicated in a bad way but I was really happy with it. I'd say the film is very good for a young director and a good story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard that the film is based on a novel by the same name by the great James M. Cain.  Cain is a very talented writer, and the film has the right tone of a serious drama, which I liked.    A few scenes that caught my attention were the one with the "tentpole" in the forest, and when the "stupid" young guy shows up and talks about "mysteries" and "curious creatures."   The dialogue between the two of them was great, and I was really interested to see how the two would be able to come together, when they both had so much on their plates, and how they would get along.  I can't wait for the next time we get a chance to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie, it has the feel of a true classic: a little boy and a lady with a car that's all wrong.   I've never been a big fan of classic cars but this is a nice little movie that's well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first three acts are a very good movie, but the last three are absolutely superb. I think I have heard of this movie many times, but never got to see it until now.   This is a movie that could easily be rated a 4, maybe even a 5.  The movie is based on the novel by Joseph Heller, which is a good novel.  As far as I know, the movie was released in the 1970s.  I don't know if it is a classic, but it is good.  There are many good movies in this era of movies, so I think this is a very solid film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you have ever read about the history of the Black Panthers and the American Black Liberation Movement (BLM) you know that the idea of being black and being involved in the Black Liberation struggle has been around for a long time in the United States.  This movie is an extremely good movie and very good propaganda that gives you the idea that the Black Panther Party is still a thing and has a very strong organization that is still alive.  The movie gives the idea and the spirit of what the Black Nationalist Movement is all about and why it's still alive and what they have been doing.  It's a good idea to get people involved in these movements and to see what it's all about.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a world of great actors (and I use that word lightly), Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are a match made in heaven. As the two best actresses in the world, these two actors have an ability to play characters with a real depth and feeling. And as much as I love a good action flick, this one isn't too long, which is always a good thing. I can see why Pitt would choose this as his next movie, even if he's not the best at it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was very disappointed with this film. The actors did a decent job. But the plot was too much like the "Bible" of "God's Not Dead". The film is full of references to biblical stories, even to the point of having a few of the actors say things like, "I have been reading the Bible since I was a little girl." I found myself wishing for a re-release.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most original, hilarious, and well-acted movie I have ever seen.  It has a very original twist at the end, where the hero of the movie finds himself back in his home country.    I love how he goes back to his country where he thinks the woman he's in love with is still alive, but when he arrives, he finds out that the woman is actually his old girlfriend and they are now married. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie and I think it's one of the best of the year. I also thought the film was very well directed and acted and the action was pretty good too.    Rated: 4 out of 5  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good, fun movie that had me laughing out loud.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A beautiful and touching movie that shows a great love story. It's a story of a man who can't find a woman he can truly love and the woman who loves him and will stay with him until he dies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Biggest Loser" is a documentary about an American show that has made people lose weight by forcing them to go through extreme measures to lose weight.  This is an excellent documentary about the lives of the participants in the show, who are all severely depressed, addicted to food, and extremely overweight.  The program is run by Dr. Mike Joyner, who is an eccentric, crazy man who has a lot of theories about weight loss, but no understanding of what actually goes on in the program.   This movie is a fascinating look into the lives and practices of people who are severely overweight, who have all tried various diets, but have never really succeeded, until one day, a woman, who has never been in a real fight, steps in to challenge the program and gets a chance to lose some weight.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like to see the classic characters like Batman, Superman, etc. in a movie.   A nice mix of comedy, action and romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is well made and the story is quite entertaining.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film at least 4 times, but never really understood the movie, so I've never watched it in the theater.  However, in the years that have gone by, I've seen it a few times, and I've gotten to love it.  I've heard that the director's cut, which is available on DVD, is good, but I think it's worth seeing the movie in its original version.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first experience with the cult horror film was "The Evil Dead", and I was a huge fan.   The "Evil Dead" series has an amazing sense of humour and a great cast.  I would love to see more of the "Evil" Dead, and maybe "The Return of the Living Dead" as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and it's a very well done movie! The acting was great and the cinematography was superb. I also liked the idea of the movie, because it did not go the usual route of some other movies of the same genre. The characters were likeable and the action was good. I can see why it has such a long running time, because the plot was good and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen a lot of bad movies, but this one has a lot to offer:  A young, beautiful woman (Lily Collins) goes to an upscale apartment complex with her friend (Sarah Paulson) for a party. Things start off well enough until one of the guests, a beautiful, dark-haired woman (Greta Gerwig), starts a seductive dance and invites the two women to join. As the party continues, Lily learns more about the woman's past and her dark secret; one that is revealed at the end.   The movie has a beautiful score from Tangerine Dream, with some beautiful moments and some beautiful music, such as the song "Trouble."   This is a great movie that should be seen by everyone who likes good movies: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the first one was more or less the same, but I liked the second one better. The movie is very different from the first. The story is more like a horror movie, with a bit of a mystery and a few jokes. I didn't like it much, though, because it seemed like a bit more like an episode of the Twilight Zone. It's like when the movie was made in 1968. There are some great scenes, and it has a good ending, too. I'm not a huge fan of the style of the movie, but it's okay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw this movie at the first I thought it was a low budget movie from the 80s, and not much has changed since then.  However, I have to say that this is a pretty funny movie that I definitely enjoyed watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good film with good acting, good acting is all there.   The best scene of the film is the last one.  It is an interesting scene that the movie has. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie at a cinema. I was really impressed. This is a very realistic movie, the action was great, the scenes were real, and the story was good. I loved it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have never seen a movie like this before! I have seen many movies with interesting plot lines and I have also seen some that are a bit dull. This movie however is one of the best I have ever seen. It starts off with a beautiful sunset and the sun setting on a beautiful mountain, which is full of snow. This is where the movie begins. We see the film director as he sets up his film crew and sets up the cameras, he is looking for a good story. The story starts out as a typical story of a young boy and his father. The father leaves and leaves his son behind to go on a hunting trip. The boy goes along with his father and his friends. The main characters of the film are the main character and his brother. They have some good adventure and have a lot of fun. The plot of the movie is a bit strange. The director and his team want to make the movie as realistic as possible, so they have to find the best possible actors to play the parts. The actors and the director then decide to shoot the movie with an actual gun instead of the usual movie camera. The movie is shot in a natural way and the actors and director do a great job of acting. The only thing I can say about the movie, is that it has a lot to offer. I would recommend this movie to everyone, especially to young children. It is very funny and very cute.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a pretty good movie. It is definitely one of the most interesting movies about the UFO phenomena to have come out of the US. There are some pretty great scenes and some very interesting explanations. This movie also has a lot of action and some great special effects.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a wonderful film, with some wonderful actors and a good story. It is a simple story about two brothers, the first of whom is a good son, who, while playing with the neighbors, gets killed by a falling stone. The second brother is an evil, evil man. He is a "sultan" (a ruler with a large palace and a great fleet) who, on a journey, comes upon a girl who is playing with stones. When he takes her home he makes her his bride. When she grows up she is very beautiful and beautiful for her age. But she is also very selfish. She wants her father's kingdom and she will not let him have it. She is also quite a flirt. But in spite of her many faults, she has a great heart and a very kind heart. The story is very well done and the movie is very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't care much for this movie, because I thought it was the same as all the other ones, but I liked it a lot. I thought the plot was interesting and the characters were interesting, especially the kids.  The movie is very funny and funny at the same time.  I liked the fact that they didn't make a sequel, I liked that the movie didn't have to have sequels, they just made a movie out of a comic strip.  Overall this was a good comic strip movie and I think you should try to find this on video.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen it twice now and I am still getting chills. I have never seen such a well acted film. The actors were all wonderful and it is one of the best films I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that's great to watch.  The acting is great, the plot is very original and entertaining, the directing is superb and the music is great.  If you like this movie, I recommend it to everyone!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a mix between The Dark Knight Returns, the first season of Batman, and a bit of a science fiction movie.  As such, there's plenty of action, and it works well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is a true "Crazy Ivan" story of one of the greatest American comedians of all time, Ivan Reitman.  He has a great comedic mind, and an ability to work a crowd that just gets him.    I've never seen a more funny or entertaining movie in my life, this film was very funny, and I'm sure a lot of people who saw it thought the same thing I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a great one and I would recommend it to everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a well-done film. I really liked it. I also really liked the soundtrack by Mark Pellington. The story is interesting, the ending is satisfying, and the plot makes sense. I'm glad I saw this film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this film at a small cinema in the town I live in. I don't have a great relationship with the movies I see. I like the actors, the plot and the music, but I never get into them. This film though, I got into. The acting was good, the music was good. There is one thing about the music though that I don´t understand, there is a moment in the film where a woman says "that song was made for a man like me". Then there is the woman singing "this is the way I feel about you, that I would kill for you". Now this is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. I am not a man, nor am I a woman. I'm an average Joe. And what does she mean by that? "I would kill to have you in my life". I have never heard of a woman feeling that way about another woman. There are a few other things about the film that I did like though. The sound design is good and the cinematography is good. It was also fun to watch a movie that doesn't have any action, but it is still fun to see the different characters reacting to each other.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was initially reluctant to watch this movie, but once I got it, I had a great time.   The main character is a little kid who gets into a big adventure in the world of animals and is just as happy as a kid should be.  It's a little slow at times, but there is plenty of action.  My favorite part was watching his big-headed dog pull off some really cool tricks and tricks with a large dog in the middle of the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real classic of film noir, set in New Orleans. This is a very good movie, but there is a lot more to it. There is a great character who is a former gangster. His name is Joe. Joe is a man who is going to be arrested. He is in jail and has to do something about his family. Joe doesn't like the police because he thinks they are going to make trouble for him and his wife. He makes a deal with the police that he will get his family out of jail. He does this by setting them up with some thugs. When they try to rob the place, Joe puts his gun in the thug's face and kills him. Joe then goes and finds his wife, who has been tied up. Joe has a conversation with his wife and makes up a story about the police trying to get into his house. This gives Joe the chance to get his wife out of the situation and out of trouble. It is also good that Joe has the good sense to have his wife's brother put the thugs in the car, so that they can't get out and harm his wife in any way. I have seen a lot of movies where there are good characters, but Joe is different. He has an evil side, but it is more hidden than in the typical movie villain. The character of Joe is very good. There are a lot to think about when you watch this movie. It has a great soundtrack that is worth the price of the movie. I can see why this movie is still in print.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie to watch. It was a fun story to watch, it is not a serious movie. It is very funny, and it has a good story, but I don't think it is a good film. I found it to be very funny.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "In the beginning of the movie I thought it was an over the top and very silly action movie but then the characters and story developed into something quite interesting and funny.  In fact it's very funny in the beginning, but then it becomes so dark and serious that it becomes very difficult to follow and you can't quite tell what is going on and what isn't.    "I would recommend this movie for those who are looking for a silly and fun action movie, and then for a little darker and serious story.  "  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most beautiful and heartwarming movies I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie! It is so good!   You should see this movie if you like movies like "Citizen Kane" or "City Lights"   If you like those movies you will like this movie too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a shame that I can't give this movie more than 3 stars. The acting is OK but there is no character development, the action is very tame.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title of the movie is the "Gang of Four".  A gang of four, including a young woman, who are trying to steal a car and the car, the car that is worth more than the car they stole.  A classic crime movie, very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most realistic depiction of the Holocaust ever made.   This film is like a book written by a master.  The Holocaust was a huge story.  From the time that the Germans were building the gas chambers, to the time the Jews were forced to wear yellow Stars of David, to when the Germans forced the Jews into ghettos and the ovens and burned them, to what the Jews had to do to survive... this is an unbelievable story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a pretty good movie, I liked the main characters and found them enjoyable, the music was okay.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a word: ick!  If you're looking for a good laugh with some gore and humor in a very fun, action-packed film that's sure to give you plenty of both! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I had never seen a movie like this before. It is very entertaining, and well acted by everyone. It was a fun time watching this movie. I will watch this again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best way I can describe this movie is that it was a bit too much like a movie made in a dream. It was so dreamlike that I would find myself watching it multiple times before I actually finished it. I didn't feel like I was really watching a movie, but rather a dream that I was watching. It would be great if this movie had a bit more depth and focus, but as it stands, it's just too damn fantastic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't really have any expectations going into this movie but boy oh boy am I glad that I gave it a try. I really enjoy the movie. I have no idea why the movie was not made much longer. It is a fun movie and I enjoyed it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a solid movie.   The plot follows the "good vs. evil" trope.  In this story, the good guys, led by an evil villain named Terence (played by the legendary Ray Milland), destroy a city, and the only person who can stop them is a man named Richard (played very well by Christopher Lee), a reporter for the Daily Mirror.  The only problem is that Richard is so good at his job, he doesn't believe in evil.  Unfortunately, the bad guys (played quite well by Gary Lockwood and David Carradine) aren't about to let Richard be the only one who can save them.  This story really is about a man who doesn't see evil and a man whose good nature is often mistaken for evil. It's also about the power of the human spirit and the need to stand up against evil. This movie is a must see for anyone who wants a good story and a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie does not disappoint.   It is about a woman who is in love with a young man who is a drug addict.  There is a scene in which she is in bed with him when she sees a man outside.  I think it is the director's idea to have a scene like this in the movie.  It looks like a scene from a drug movie. I would have thought a drug scene would be more exciting.  This movie is well made and I like it.  The sex scenes are really hot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, especially since I like a good comedy. It's funny how people tend to be afraid of anything related to vampires.   The movie starts out with a guy who is not really into anything (he is a doctor but he only wants to make people happy) and ends up in a movie theater to see an old horror movie. He is quite disturbed by the whole thing.  He meets a girl who is very beautiful and he falls for her. Then things get a bit weird.  They have a little boy (a little boy who is the "cute" kind of kid) and a little girl (the "ugly" kind). The boy and the girl are kind of like twins. The boy is the little boy, the girl is the girl, and their parents are like a family.  It is quite creepy to think that this little boy and this little girl were born out of a vampiric mother and a normal mother.  The family has a little dog, a cat, and a cat that likes to lick his master.  What's scary is that they all live together in a big house with the family and the dog, cat, cat and the cat's owner.  I think the director is pretty good, since he is able to capture all the different elements that you see in a horror movie and make it all work.  This is a great movie that you should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "In a world where only the weak survive, a boy who has been beaten so badly by a gang of bullies that he has lost his sight is forced to go to an all-girls' boarding school. He finds love there and his courage grows as he fights his way back to the outside world."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great film with a terrific cast and fantastic set pieces.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie. I love the ending, it's a little corny but still it's good. The movie is great, and I love how the movie ends, I was in love with it all the way through.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie a couple of weeks ago, I think I have seen it more than once, it has a good story and I enjoyed it. It has a lot of fun, and the music is good, even if it is not original.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a very entertaining movie with a good story, the only thing I could complain about is that the movie could have been more. There is a lot of action in this movie but not enough to make the movie a masterpiece.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure about this movie.   This movie is not an action movie. It is a family drama and there is a nice amount of action in the movie. The story is a bit boring, the main character is too much like the lead character of the film "Liar Liar"   But at the end of the movie it is a good action movie and a good family drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie itself was an excellent work of suspense and horror, I'd like to mention that the movie was shot in one of the best locations in the world, the place was a ghost town, a town of the dead, it was a very strange place and the movie could have been shot in the middle of a desert, but it was in a town with a very small population, and it was the same town that the main character was from, which made me think that this was a great movie that should have been made long ago.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie about a very good dog.   He's got a bit of a chip on his shoulder about his old master (and I mean "old master" not "owner" of course) and he has been told for so long that he doesn't like the food that his master is feeding him that he can't remember it.  When he sees his new master (who is actually a nice looking woman, not a bad looking woman) feeding him something new (he's not sure what, maybe it's chicken or something) he asks if he can have it too.  His master gives it to him and he's so excited to have it that he runs right out into the street and starts playing with the other dogs in the neighborhood.  He doesn't get along with his other two owners (a woman and a little boy) but his new owner seems to love him and they spend a lot of time together.  This is a very funny movie and I'm glad I saw it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is not a complicated one. A couple are married, the wife has a good job and the husband has a small shop. The wife is always thinking of the husband, while the husband is always watching the wife, she has been married for two years now, so the husband doesn't really have much time for his wife, but then she meets a friend of hers and she starts to change her mind about the marriage. The movie does not show that much of the movie, but what it does show is that this is a great love story and that the couple really does love each other. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - - -   The first of the three movies made in France, which was produced in the summer of 1934. It is a classic in the style of the great French movies of the 1930s, and is a great example of the genre. This is a comedy, set in the world of the comic strip Les Tertes d'or, and it is very good. The main characters are a French-Jewish actor, his wife, and their two young daughters. It was a hit in France and in the United States and it has become an American classic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've only seen this one once, but I can't stop watching it.  It's one of those movies that make you smile.    The movie begins with a closeup of a beautiful girl, who's getting dressed up for her prom.  I wonder why she has to go to a prom. Then the prom starts.  The girls dance around and it looks like they are having fun.  They get drunk and go to some party.  Then the party ends and they walk to their car.  Now here's the part where I get pissed off.  A girl named Sarah comes in with her mom.  She asks the guys if they can give her a ride home.  What she didn't know is that she was supposed to be in the shower and the guys knew this and they would rather see her naked.  Sarah tells her mom that she doesn't want to go home with these guys.  This is a typical problem faced by the average high school senior.  Now, these guys are all in the movie business, so they are all famous.  So what happens?  This time it is Sarah who wants to go out.  These guys want to be the stars.  It is a long night and Sarah ends up in a hotel room with one of the guys.   This is the part that makes me mad.  One of the other guys comes in and tells her she can't go out with them because they have a girl over.  But Sarah doesn't believe them.  At this point she doesn''t even have a date, yet these guys still want to screw her.  Apparently the girl is getting her period and the men are worried about her safety.  And so she ends up leaving.  Well, it doesn'' t take long for Sarah to find a way out.   Her dad gives her a lift to her car.   But when they get there the girl comes in to pick her up.  Here we have it, the movie at its worst.  As we watch the movie, we have to wonder how Sarah got into this mess.  Her dad told her not to go anywhere with the guys, but she does.  Why didn''t she just say no?  Or what if she did go?  It could have been very dangerous.  Anyway, she gets in her car and drives off.   She never sees her dad again.   It turns out her
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie. It was well made, well acted, and well-paced. It didn't have all the big action moments that other big movies tend to have, but it still had enough action to make you care. It also didn't give you a huge amount of information about the characters, but if you have the patience to stick with it, it all adds up to a very interesting movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film with a lot of potential and a lot to say. This movie is about the life of a woman from the 1800's in the American South who finds a job as a school teacher. The school is a little bit off and she meets her teacher, the beautiful and wealthy Miss Elizabeth, who takes her under her wing. She is an intelligent woman who has a lot more to her than meets the eye, especially after being thrown into the middle of a slave revolt. She tries to help the slaves to overthrow their masters and win freedom, and even though she does try her best to save them from the clutches of their oppressors, she is a slave herself.   I really like this movie because it does not need to be a history lesson, it just needs to tell a good story. I really liked the story of Miss Elizabeth and the slaves, and the way it ended was very emotional and well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is pretty simple. We have an alien that is trying to make contact with us. There are some scientists who try to work with it. They fail. It's like watching a cat trying to catch a mouse. And it's not a very good movie. The characters are all really one dimensional and there's really not much to them. The movie has a good concept but it doesn't come through in the execution. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Dark Night" is an old school giallo, a film where the plot is more about the murders that the protagonists face than about the events themselves. The movie has an air of mystery, not only because the killers are elusive and the police are ineffective but also because the killer seems to have a hidden agenda and is trying to figure out how to use the murders for his own gain. He does not seem to be the type to kill without a purpose, as when he is searching the victim's apartment he finds a gun that he intends to use to kill someone in a future movie, and even though he is unsuccessful at that he does not give up on his goal. The murder scenes are a little over the top, especially the scenes in which the killer and his victim are in bed together, the scene of the killer being tortured by the victim is pretty extreme too.   In a genre where gore is almost always a good thing, there are a couple of scenes where the gore is not all that impressive. One such scene involves the killer trying to rape the victim in the bathroom, and the blood is not that impressive either, but it still seems to be an effective use of the film's gialli elements. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the third time that we have seen the film and it is no less a good film. It is not the most original film out there but it is a well-made film that is also quite entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last movie we had the pleasure of seeing was The Last House on the Left  and it's a really good movie.  It's a remake of a French film, which I've not seen but which is probably a good one.  The plot is the same as the original, but this time it's more of a horror movie and the characters are a lot more interesting than the original.   This movie is an oldie but goodie.  It's got some great moments and I can't wait to see more!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little horror movie that has a very eerie atmosphere. I enjoyed it quite a bit and will probably watch it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film of a time in a time. This is a film about a group of people who lived in the Old West. They had the best time ever and their lives would never be the same.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love it when a movie can give me an emotional release that I need. I have always loved movies like this and now that I'm getting older I can appreciate them more. This movie gave me a sense of hope and happiness that it has been a long time since I have felt so good and happy. This is a great movie and I can see how the makers of this movie felt like they were in a good place when they made this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie for the first time, but it was well worth the watch.   There are some good stories in this movie, but not as good as The Princess Bride.   If you liked the movie, then you will enjoy this one as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this movie is the kind of thing that can only be made with a lot of heart. This is an emotional film about a man who lost his family in the Holocaust, who was left alone in a country where he didn't know anyone, who felt he was a disgrace to his family, and who was forced to do a job for the SS. But he had no idea what it meant to be a soldier.   "When you're a soldier, you're always fighting for something"   There is a lot in this movie to relate to, and it's very well done, with a strong cast and an impressive cast of supporting actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that has a lot of things going for it.  It has great music, great acting, and a great story.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of action and gun fights, then you'll love this film. The action is pretty good, the gun fights are pretty good. But it's all about the characters, the way they act, the emotions that they show. The acting was pretty good as well, and the chemistry between the main characters were just too good to pass up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great action movie with a lot of cool things to do, especially the flying car sequences. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. The movie is a very good thriller that is very good and very well made.   This is a good action movie with good action scenes and very good story line.  The story line is good and good characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this movie is all action. We see a man being held down by a man with a hammer while he is being beaten by another man.  This is the kind of thing that we see in all the other Batman movies but it works.    We see Batman beating the guy to a pulp and then we see the guy with the hammer come back and attack Batman.  This is where the film really starts to get good.  Batman is able to hold his own and the film gets pretty bloody pretty quickly.  The only bad part is that they didn't use the best camera work or the best effects in this movie.  So I really like the fact that the Batman is beating up the guy wearing the hammer.  It really shows how much more Batman can do when he is using his fists and fists alone.  I do have to mention that the ending was a little weird.  They cut to a kid getting hit in the face with a baseball bat and then the kid's dad gets hit and then it cuts to a woman with a gun being shot in the head.  That is pretty odd.  And it doesn't make any sense because they just cut to the woman who just got shot.  If they really wanted to have the girl shot in a more realistic way they should have just show her dying and then cut to Batman and he would have killed her.  Overall this is a fun movie and a good way to end the Batman trilogy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to believe that this film was made more than 50 years ago. It's a short, sweet film, which gives us a glimpse of life during the First World War.   I'm not sure how many people out there still remember this film, but it's still very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen this one, but it sounds like it's an excellent movie.  The acting was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the better animated movies I've seen in a long time.   The voice acting is top notch.  I have a few quibbles.  - The ending. I found it a little contrived. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great comedy that is funny in a way you really never expect. It is an amusing story about a man who works at a movie theatre in a small town. He is in the middle of a production of a play when he spots a man he can't remember the name of walking up to the screen. He decides to stop the play and the man gives him a piece of his mind about it. It was a funny story about someone who does not remember his name. I am looking forward to seeing this again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen this film yet, but I can tell you it is a very good one. This is a wonderful movie that was filmed in Italy during the late 19th and early 20th century, which makes it a true Italian film. This film has everything a good film has: a good story, good acting, good special effects, good editing and some very good music. The Italian is excellent as is the dialogue. The music is very well chosen. It is also very well shot. I can see why this is one of the most popular Italian films of all time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good comedy. The story is funny. I don't like it much. The music is good. The characters are funny. It's a good family movie. It should have been more than that. It has a good ending. I will give this movie a C+ "The Man Who Wasn't There" is a comedy starring a group of actors who were all trying to play a role of a famous Hollywood actor who just vanished. When one of the actors realizes that he is playing a different actor who is really a character, the comedy is on. This is one of those movies that is not a comedy. There is a real plot, but it is more of a tragedy. It was not my favorite movie, but I was glad that I watched it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most recent of the 'Fantastic Four' movies is a decent one with some strong moments.  There are plenty of comic relief and some decent fight sequences.    This is the third film in the franchise, and it's good to see it get a little better, although the first two were far better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   I'm sure that the audience in a movie theater is the most fun I have had in a long time.       The story line is pretty good.  The action is pretty well done.  I have no problem with the movie's subject matter.  It is not as exciting as some of the movies I have seen recently but it is not bad either.  It is a fun movie to watch and a good one to watch on a date. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with the familiar ending: the police are back and the suspect is now in custody. However, the police chief, who was a former lover of the woman's sister, is not at all pleased about this development. She is now convinced that the woman was trying to kill her sister-in-law, and the police will have to investigate whether she did so. As a result, a new detective, a former student of the university of Rome, arrives at the crime scene, and a new murder is to be committed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most beautiful movie ever made. The movie opens with a lovely, romantic, very peaceful scene of two lovers enjoying their love. As we go on, the movie becomes more and more surreal. It's like a dream. The film does not seem to be a dream but rather a visual and psychological journey of love and fear. I am in love with this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, I found the acting to be pretty good, especially the parts where they are trapped. They look very miserable, but they are also funny and entertaining. I would recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first thing you will notice about this movie is that it is not a typical action film.   In fact it is a movie about an action movie and a comedy.  The movie begins with the character of Sam (Tom Cruise) waking up to find that his home has been taken over by a madman.  As the title says, Sam is a special agent for the United States Government.  His mission is to save the lives of his agent buddies.  He gets his chance when a gang of thugs break into the agent's apartment and take all of his possessions.  Sam sets out to stop them and does so by stealing a car and driving it into a crowd of bad guys.  However the gang manages to escape and Sam has to chase after them.  It is during this chase that Sam discovers that he is a mutant.  A mutant that has the ability to turn into a werewolf.  Now Sam has become a monster.  This is followed by a scene where Sam and his agent pals are playing golf.  After this, the film moves on to an interview with Sam where he tells us all about his adventures.  Also included in the movie are interviews with two other special agents: Mike (George Clooney) and Joe (Kevin Kline).   This film is a fun action flick.  Director Paul Greengrass has done a great job of capturing the spirit of the action movie.  I have seen the movie four times and each time I found it to be a fun watch.  If you like action films and are a fan of the X-Men series then you will probably enjoy this film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. The main character is played by an actor named Jeff Bridges. He plays a bad guy who is just trying to get by and find the love of his life. I think he's a pretty good actor. I really enjoyed watching this movie. It had some pretty funny scenes and a nice story line. It also had a very interesting plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is not too bad, not too great. The acting is OK, the acting is good, the writing is okay, the direction is okay. The characters are not too interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the first movie I ever saw with my dad. It was about a guy who is a bad-ass who can kill a bad guy with his bare hands.  My dad told me I could do better than that.  This movie really is one of those movies where it is fun to watch the bad guys get shot and the good guys get to shoot some bad guys with their bare hands!  If you like to shoot bad guys, you might like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very nice movie.  I was never much of a fan of the original Star Trek series (and the film series) and have found the new movies to be good fun.    There are a lot of really good action scenes in this movie. The action is very fast paced, and the special effects are really good.  This movie is a lot like the old Star Trek movies.  There is lots of action and lots of humor.  The acting in this is good and the music is a good part of the movie.     The only complaint I have about this movie is that it was a little slow.  I don't think that was necessarily a bad thing.  But I still think that the new Star Trek is a better movie than the old ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most amazing films I've ever seen. The acting is superb, the cinematography is incredible, and the story line is so compelling that you will want to keep coming back to it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie!   It is one of the best comedies ever made.   And for a man who had a bad reputation in Hollywood, he did a terrific job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is not so bad. The movie follows a very likable young man who has to deal with a bad girlfriend and a very annoying boss at his job. His job is to take the pictures of famous landmarks around the world. The scenes are all filmed with a dreamy atmosphere.   He is an interesting character. He has a very interesting past, which he refuses to talk about. His relationship with his parents is rather strange. He can be very funny at times, but not always.  He does not like to admit it, but the movie does not give any reason to believe that he is an "adult".   His job as a photographer is a very boring job, but he does it with some passion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been a fan of David Lynch for a long time, and this movie is very good. I am very glad that this movie was made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and funny movie, I'm not a big movie fan but I enjoyed this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, if not for the "cute" and "curious" girl, then for the rest of the cast. They all have good personalities, and the movie is fun. The ending of the movie will leave you with a good feeling. It's a fun movie to watch, but it will leave a bad taste in your mouth after watching it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I saw the trailer for this movie, I was expecting a cheesy and overly long-winded action film with bad dialogue and no real story. Instead, I got a fun, fast-paced, fun-loving, and goofy action film. The best part is that the characters are funny and quirky, the action is intense and fast paced, and there are plenty of cool looking stunts.  One of the coolest sequences in the film involves the main character (Hank) riding a motorcycle through the woods. He ends up at the bottom of a creek (and he is wet! He looks like he should be playing football in the wet!) and ends up saving a little girl who is drowning in the creek.    When I was a kid, I wanted to ride through the forest and jump off cliffs all the time. I never thought I would get to do those things in real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  We're not quite in the realm of a classic yet, but The Man Who Would Be King is a good film and it's certainly a good idea. It takes the ideas from the short story "A Good Man" by Edgar Allan Poe and gives them a more "serious" edge. The story revolves around a man who tries to stop a war from breaking out between the two factions of the United States, the Confederacy and the Union, by kidnapping and torturing a Confederate general. The war is not just about the moral issue, but the practical aspect as well, as the general is a traitor and the general's wife is the same woman that he was trying to kill during the Civil War. There's plenty of humor and good performances in this film, and it makes me think about the great American war heroes like the famous and much-loved William Wallace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite movie of all time. The film is a mixture of a love story and a crime thriller. It is also a comedy that is equal parts silly and entertaining. It's a great comedy that takes you by surprise and keeps you on the edge of your seat. It has some great moments, like the way the "bitch" in the car gets into her car and then gets into a fight with the cop that pulls her over. It also has some good parts like when the cop starts a fire by burning the car.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was pleasantly surprised to see that one of my favourite actors, Michael Caine, had returned to play the role of Winston Churchill. It has to be said, however, that it is a very different Churchill than we have ever seen before. He has become a much more self-centered man, but there are still some of those characteristic qualities that are still there. He is still the most gifted orator we have had in the British Isles for a long time. The acting was a lot better than I expected and it is very interesting to watch the evolution of Churchill's character as he progresses through the film. Churchill is one of those actors who is like a child that grows into a man. I do think that he should get an Oscar nomination for his performance.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was awesome. The only downside is that it has a horrible ending and the plot is so weak that it is almost laughable.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first heard that I would be watching a movie about a child-murdering serial killer, I didn't think it was possible to make a more bizarre movie. But it is, and the best thing about it is that the movie is based on real events. I've seen the movie once before, a few years ago. It was a little long, but it still made for a fascinating watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a wonderful story about a little boy who goes on a journey to save his mother. His mother has been locked up by her boyfriend and the boyfriend is going to break her in. This movie will bring tears to your eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a big fan of films that are dark, gritty and violent. The Coen brothers are no exception and are at their very best when they show that dark, brutal world.   A good film with a very good cast, a good soundtrack and an interesting story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is a bit cliche at first, and not too much of it is even remotely interesting, but then something happens that is both exciting and terrifying.   This film has a good heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very excited for this movie, as it has a good story, great characters, and an action packed ending. I really enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoy the movie. I like the fact that it isn't just about the story of the guy who goes on a trip to New York City and encounters the mafia.   The movie has good acting, good direction and a good script.  I am a big fan of gangster movies.  The film has a great soundtrack by the great John Barry.  This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed the movie and really thought it was a good idea to make a movie out of a comic book.  The movie is good.  This movie is awesome!    I was not expecting the movie to be so good. I was really surprised at how good it is!  I was really impressed by the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a bang.  It's a very, very fast paced movie.    I liked how this movie kept things simple.  This movie had no story or plot, and it just took place in a parking lot.  It didn't matter.  I found this movie really entertaining.  There is a lot of stuff going on in this movie. It was just so fast paced, and I enjoyed it.  If you have a family that loves cars, then this movie is for you.  The movie will have you laughing out loud and will keep you smiling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a little different from the others, in that it is a story of a girl named Shiori, who is very shy and can't make friends easily.   However, when she meets a guy named Nishi, she decides to get to know him a little better.  The movie is set in Japan during the Edo period, where people were still living like peasants and their houses were built like a wooden hut.  This is what makes this movie unique.  While I found the story to be interesting, I felt that it was quite long, as I had to watch it in one sitting.  Overall, I found this to be a very good movie, as it is one of the rare movies that is based on a true story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main character, an aspiring filmmaker named Willy Smith (Jack Lemmon) lives in a tiny house on a small, dead-end street in a very run-down part of town. He is a brilliant and gifted photographer with a wife and two children. It is his only joy to photograph the beautiful and often tragic landscape around him. Willy and his wife, Mary, move to a new house in a beautiful neighborhood with the family. The house is a big redbrick Victorian with an iron fence around the back of it. It has an elaborate staircase, which leads to a long narrow hallway, which has an elegant double-pane window overlooking the back yard. Will and Mary love it. They even have an adorable little dog who lives in the attic. It's the perfect house. The couple is happy. But there is a problem: Willy's brother, a vicious, drunken, drunkard who lives a few doors down, has been harassing the Smiths. Will uses his camera to record the ugly events, but he is not really taking photographs of these incidents. Rather, he is trying to record and broadcast them as a way of venting his anger. The next day, Will is in the car with his wife when a man with a knife and a knife-gut jumps out and runs towards them. Will grabs the camera, runs up the stairs, and shoots the man through the window. Will then returns to the car and drives off. Mary is horrified. Will is horrified too. What has Will done? He shot a man through a window. A man who had just attacked Mary, and was about to kill Will. Will's father tells him to get out of town and move to the country. Will refuses. His father tells Will he's a good young man, but his family is not. Will goes back to the house and sees the family gathered around the kitchen table, where they are watching a television show. The man has a knife. Will rushes into the room, grabs the knife, and charges at the man. He hits him with it, but it is no good. The knife is still embedded in his chest. He then runs into the bathroom and tries to wash the knife out of his clothes. He succeeds in getting the blood off, but then he realizes he has a bloody cut on his thigh. He tries to cover it up, but the wound gets worse. He grabs a small box of aspirin and takes it into
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a fun, entertaining, and silly movie. The characters are likeable, and it's a good watch. The actors have fun in the movie, and the songs are just funny. It's a very well made movie, with good special effects and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very well written movie.  I think it is an underrated movie. The film is about a guy who had a bad car accident and was almost killed in the accident.    He then went on to be a bad driver for a long time.  His sister who had died years before got him to start driving again and he did a very good job.  But a couple of months later a friend of his got a new car and started driving it.  He got very angry because he had just finished a job that took him to a different city and was now stuck in his car for the rest of the day.  When he had gotten home at night, he found his wife passed out in bed.  She was only about a week before her death.  It was an accident but the guy was not really sorry about it. So he decided to go out and get drunk.  And after a few hours he passed out.  I think he got so drunk that he fell asleep in a parking lot and woke up the next morning with a broken ankle.  Then he went out to find his friend who had also passed out and took his car and drove around.  Eventually he ran out of gas and his car broke down.  The guy took the car to a gas station and got some gas.  At this point the car broke a few times so the guy decided to get some food.  So he took his wife to a store and bought her some clothes.  After that he went to a local cafe where he had lunch with a friend.  There he met his wife's parents and they invited him to their wedding.  While he was sitting with the bride and groom he got a call on his cell phone.  This was an emergency.  A guy was in his house and was trying to find out if his daughter had been kidnapped by a man.  They were holding her hostage in a basement.  As he was telling his wife this he started to sweat profusely.  Unfortunately the wedding was not going so well and the couple was getting divorced.  Anyway the guy called the police.  But by the time the cops arrived it was too late.  Luckily the girl had escaped.  Her father had taken her and she had been thrown into the ocean.  Later the guy found the girl and she told him the whole story.  Since the car had been broken the guy tried to find a mechanic
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie follows the main character as she goes through her first year in high school.  She's a pretty average kid that has a lot of problems that she's dealing with.  The movie is good and I was very surprised by the amount of detail the director put into his movie.   The director did a really great job of capturing the essence of high school life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie! The movie has a few laughs but also some real horror and suspense elements. The movie itself is a little slow and doesn't have much of a beginning or ending.   There is a lot of action but the movie does have a few problems with the pacing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never been to a movie that I didn't like. I loved it and I'd go see it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was actually a little disappointed when the movie ended.   It had a good cast and a good story, but the ending felt rushed and rushed.   As a movie it was good, but it felt like it was trying too hard to be something that it's not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good movie, and very, very well made. I think this is one of the best made movies in a long time, and a very decent one at that. I really liked the movie, which is a good combination of comedy and tragedy, and has a little bit of everything. The acting is good, the writing is excellent, and the music is wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first half of this movie is all about the "real" story. The main character is an "expert" hunter/survivor who is trying to find his son's killer. His search is cut short when he is attacked by a killer who has killed more than a hundred others.    One of the things I liked most about this movie was that it had a good story line, despite having a very slow pace.  I was a little disappointed at how slow the pacing was, but it was also the only way the film could get through all of the characters.  One thing I found interesting was the "true" origin story of the killer.  It was a good "bait and switch" that worked well for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure what to say about this movie other than that it is an awesome and funny movie. It's a great time. I don't know what else to say.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has a great story line with a great cast.   I'm glad they made a second movie because I missed it so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good film. A movie that can be watched over and over again.   I will tell you something about this movie: it is a bit like a cross between the "Wicked" movies, "Buffy" and "Gremlins". The plot is a little different but the movie itself is good.  There are two main characters: the young boy who lives with his mother and the girl who has no parents. The two of them are both in love with each other.  The movie has a good amount of blood and gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic story of the great outdoors and the rugged and heroic lives of the American pioneers who were forced to seek a new home. It is a good film, and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie.  It's a good story, good action scenes, good dialogue, good music.    I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a very well made movie, and there are not many bad ones on the net.    The best part is when the main character, who is a young woman, meets the young man, who was an alcoholic, in a pub.  It is a good scene with the two of them.  The movie also has a nice ending.  There are some scenes in this movie which is not very interesting, but this movie is well worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny, good time movie that should be seen by everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Tin Cup" is an odd and funny little film.  The film begins with a group of four women who have gone to a party.    They have come up with the idea of having a teddy bear fight a giant teddy.  I am sure you can see the absurdity of the idea.  But this film is funny.  And very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Good Day to Die Hard" is a good day to die hard.  It's a great movie that I'm glad I watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is an adaptation of a novel by H.G. Wells. This is a very well-made movie, with a good plot, a good story, a lot of action and a decent ending. It's definitely not perfect. There are some scenes that I couldn't understand (or at least couldn't get past) and the whole thing ends with a very disappointing cliffhanger. I'm glad I finally saw this movie. The music is good, the acting is decent and the plot is not too far-fetched. But I can't help but feel that the story is very poorly developed. I don't know why they chose to use the novel's name instead of just calling it a movie. I guess I don'st have to explain why this movie is good. I think it has a good chance to become a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this film a lot and I'm glad I watched it.  The ending was a little rushed but it did work, I liked the character of Peter, he was a good little guy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just wanted to make this clear: The most amazing, beautiful, heartbreaking, and hilarious movie I've ever seen. The best. Period. I love it so much that I watched it again just to find out how it ends. It ends with a little girl being a little kid. And she is beautiful.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are a fan of The Shawshank Redemption and you are looking for a good story that is well acted and the characters are all well drawn then this is the movie for you.   This is one of those movies that makes you want to see the rest of the series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was going to give this movie a 4, but I got sick of it and gave it a 3, it's so boring it's like watching a really bad horror movie, I wish I had seen this before I became a film fanatic, the story is just a horrible waste of time, but then again, this is a cheap horror movie with a bad name and a bad acting performance, it makes me want to run home and have a beer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is very entertaining, well-done, and has a very good cast, but I thought the main character was a bit of a fool.   If you are a fan of " The Exorcist ", then you will enjoy this movie, but if you are not, you will probably not like it at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie, I loved it!  There are some very good and funny scenes and some really good acting, it's just a good time.  If you want to laugh and be amused, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first film I've ever seen from a director whose work I've always loved, but never actually seen. A few years ago, when I was living in a small town in Canada, I would have had a hard time finding a movie theater that even showed movies. I couldn't believe that a movie could be so entertaining, but I suppose it was just that kind of movie: a movie about a man who can't do anything right. But even that couldn't keep me from enjoying this film. I mean, it's funny, it has a good plot, and a few good performances. I'll tell you a few of them: James Earl Jones is wonderful as the tough-guy cop who doesn't know any better. And there are some good moments in the middle of the film with the three brothers, as well as the two women, who are all given enough screen time to make them worth watching. The two bad guys in the movie are played by two of my favorite actors, Jack Palance and Robert DeNiro. They're both good at what they do, and the fact that they're both in this movie is a nice bonus.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film that has an interesting premise, which I loved:    I have always been interested in the ancient mysteries of the ancient Egyptian civilization, and I loved the idea of having an archeologist uncover the mystery behind the mystery of life:  In addition to the archeologist, I also loved the fact that it was an old western, which was great:      This is a really interesting idea, and it is a nice western, and a good historical film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been watching "The Last Boy Scout" for some time now and the reviews are pretty good.  The story is about a young boy who is sent to live with his grandfather in a remote mountain town.    I loved it.  This was a good little movie that had me smiling all day.  I have never seen a movie like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, an action movie from the 50s and 60s that has a very good script, great acting and great cinematography. The action is very well done. There are some great scenes. The movie has a great ending that is very different from the others. This movie has one of the best and most interesting plots. It has some wonderful sequences of action, a good mystery and a good moral about the value of family and loyalty.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that I would like to see more of.   I do not think I have ever seen a movie more intense than this.  I loved every second of it.  It is very well made and has a great cast and crew. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie and I was so surprised by the whole thing.   I mean, I have never been a fan of sci-fi but this is really really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the film. It had the feel of a good old fashioned western with a lot of action.  I loved the westerns as a kid.  And I love the western movies from the 60s and 70s.  If you like westerns you will like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is an interesting twist on a classic story of the same name. In this version the villain is a woman. I've been looking for something like this for a long time. The story is simple. A woman and a boy, who has lost his mother, get into a car accident. The boy is sent to a mental institution where the woman has been locked up and is trying to get her life back on track. She eventually succeeds and the boy becomes the best friend of the woman who takes him under her wing. However, when she discovers she is pregnant she has a change of heart and is back to being a criminal.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was excited to see this movie as a long time fan of The X-Files and a new fan of this movie. I had to watch this movie twice as it is very good! The story was great!   The plot is so far the same as the series. We have a woman who knows who she is and who she should be.   She is a very powerful person who can get very dangerous. She is very much an agent of the government. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie. It had a very interesting plot that did not deviate from the original premise, although it did take a different approach. It was very different from the previous films in the series. I liked the idea of the aliens taking over Earth, but it seemed to be a bit more in the "The X-Files" style, with a few things from other science fiction shows and films. I think they could have gone further with the aliens. I would have liked to see them go back to their own planet (I think the aliens were sent there to get rid of the humans and then evolved into something else), but I do like the aliens that were sent to Earth. It made the movie a bit better because the aliens had more personality and seemed to have their own goals. The aliens were also more fun to watch than the humans. I have seen a lot of alien movies and this is the only one that has a nice alien movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't usually like to think that the people in my family will get to watch a movie they like. However, this movie was a great treat to all my family and myself.   The movie starts off with the "Lucky Guy" and his dog getting stuck in a swamp and it is all downhill from there.  As a kid I had this in the back of my mind and was so glad that I was able to see this movie.  I would love to see the director, George Nolfi make a movie with a little more depth but for the time it was good enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie about a father and his son who fight evil monsters. The son's friend is kidnapped and forced to go to a haunted house to find his friend. He does this for some reasons that I don't understand, but I love the movie and the father/son relationship.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was totally and utterly blown away by the movie. I had no idea that this was a remake and I was so disappointed. I'm pretty sure that they couldn't get the cast to do a good job of reprising their roles and there is nothing here to make it worth seeing.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie, and I was disappointed when I didn't like it as much as I did.   There's really nothing good about this movie.  There are a few moments that are interesting, but there's nothing here to keep me watching the whole thing.  It's a bad movie, with a bad director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a child I had a fascination with the old movies, and I think I saw a few myself. There were always two things about old movies that bothered me. First, I hated the whole idea of being in a place that had been used for centuries for no good reason. And second, I couldn't stand the acting. It was bad. So bad, in fact, that it's possible that I may have become a bit of a wimp by the time I was about 20. Still, the film has a few redeeming features: it's full of old jokes and references, and there are a few good lines. It's just sad that so many people have enjoyed it, so much, that the film is over-rated by so many critics. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film with some good performances. The story is quite good and has a good plot. It has some nice acting by the lead actor, Bruce Willis. There is some action with cars and planes in the background. This is an action movie with good acting. It is a little too long at 90 minutes. But, it is good for a good action movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good example of how the great art of cinema is expressed.  The director has the vision to convey an image that is both poetic and tragic, and the actors are great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the '50s and '60s and this movie had a lot of fun with that time period.  The movie had good performances and great use of special effects.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good action film with some great special effects and lots of blood.   The story is quite good.  It's the only time in the film that we really see the "benevolent" aliens, and they don't take kindly to any intruders.  I didn't think they were really that bad, but I had to think a little hard about the scene where they attack a couple who are being robbed at gunpoint.  There's a good chance I was seeing things a little bit differently than most people do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those films you have to see.   It's not a great movie but it has a lot of heart and has been made even more beautiful by the brilliant acting of the two leading ladies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really funny movie.  It's got all of the usual jokes you might expect from a movie about a man with a huge erection.    The best part about it is that the guys are still very much together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies about Vietnam ever made!   The movie was so good that I have had to watch it several times over the last few years and I am still amazed by it.   For a Vietnam film, this was extremely realistic.  The story was told from the point of view of a young American soldier who was serving in Vietnam when he was hit by a grenade while running through the jungle and was taken by surprise.  It was a great experience watching a movie that was completely realistic and the soldiers in the movie were very realistic. The movie had no special effects and the fighting scenes were very good and I loved the way they did it. This movie made me cry a lot and it is a movie I always look forward to watching and to the point that I am sure I will watch it again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:        If you have any love for science fiction movies, this one is for you.   It's a pretty great movie and I would recommend it to any science fiction fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The final act was pretty amazing. I'm a big fan of the film, but the finale was pretty awesome.   This film is very underrated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not seen many classic films in my life, but I do enjoy the classic films from the golden age. This movie is the first of the "War of the Worlds" series. I had a very difficult time watching this movie, because it's such a strange film. I thought the movie was strange at first, but then I remembered that I like this movie from a long time ago, and it's really good. I don't think I'm going to watch the sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's an important thing to consider about this film. The whole thing is an extended dream, which happens to be based on a true story. That's right: a real-life story of an Italian family who lost a baby to a drunk driver. The family had to leave everything behind, even their house, so they could start a new life in America. The baby survived and is now living happily in a new family. I'd say the story is true, but the film itself, which is a bit of a mess at times, is not. It is very different from the original story and the plot itself, while it follows the same story line, is completely different in execution. I was never a fan of the original film, and the first thing I thought when I saw this film was "Wow, this is a movie made for television." It is a very simple story, which consists of a woman named Rosario (the actress who played the baby) who has an affair with a man named Mario (the actor who played Mario) who is a drunk. Mario drives drunk and Rosario ends up in a crash with Mario and her baby. The film was filmed in the mid-80's, and is clearly not as well made as it is today. It looks like it was shot in the same manner as many of the other horror films of the era. The special effects were done by the same man who made the "Gremlins" movies, and they are not very good. They are kind of similar to the way they did the effects in "The Hills Have Eyes." I would say that the special effects in this film are a little better than the effects used in "Wargames" or "The Last House on the Left." The music is a little strange and the acting is very amateurish, but that's not a bad thing. The story is not very original, but it is very good, and if you're not a horror fan you can watch this film for a few laughs and some good scares.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first part of this movie is good, I mean it's an interesting idea. It's about a man who has a wife who was born with a different face. He decides to look for her at the beach and finds her (she's actually a woman), and after a few awkward moments they get married. This movie is more about the husband and his struggles than the wife, but it's still good, and there's a good reason why they didn't marry until later in life.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is about the battle of good and evil. The film has some great sequences like the one in the beginning where a group of men from the city have gathered in a field and are eating something that looks like a human leg. There are also a lot of scenes like the ones at the end of the film where a woman is raped and tortured to death. This is a really scary and powerful film, especially when it comes to the ending where a young boy kills a man who was trying to rape a young girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was at the movie, and a very good movie, very entertaining and very clever! I am still laughing about how much I like that scene where the guy takes the money and runs off into the night.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit that this is one of the best horror movies I've ever seen, and it's only been a few years since I've seen it.   It's a story of a guy who's going to a cabin on the woods.  He meets a girl who he thinks is his fiancee, but she turns out to be a zombie.  But wait, there's more!  The guy has a shotgun and is in the woods with a zombie in tow.  What follows is an awesome chase sequence, with the zombie eventually being subdued and subdued, but not before a great score by Tangerine Dream plays as the zombie crawls around and gets the guy.  I really don't want to give away too much, but I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I'm the baddest motherfucker on the block" - T.J. Miller in The Boondock Saints  - IMDb Mini Biography By: Anonymous
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't expect much out of a movie that's almost a sequel to a very popular game. I was very disappointed.    If you don't like games, and are looking for something to do at the weekend, then don't bother with this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film that has been a favourite of mine since I was a kid, with the odd time travelling fantasy thrown in.   One of the few great films of the 70's, and one of the greats of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a film which is funny, but at the same time very interesting, it was a very good movie, even though the storyline was not very interesting at all, I will definitely see this again, especially since I found a very funny scene in the movie, which I will never forget, a guy comes to a restaurant called "The Pompidou" and he asks for a steak, a waitress answers "Pompey" and she is French, which means "stuffed" in the French language, he replies with "Pompidour, pompeyre!" and the waitress replies "Oui" and then asks him if he would like to try her stuffed pom-pom.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a pretty good film. The acting is decent, but nothing special. The plot is fairly simple, and the movie has the same sort of story as other movies I've seen: the hero has a terrible dream that he is abducted by aliens and is taken to a planet, and then there are a lot of aliens. The aliens are the same alien from Star Wars. It is a movie that does not take itself very seriously. I found the aliens to be more amusing than frightening. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not really sure why there is no review about this movie. It was very good.   This movie was an adaptation of the famous children's story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins with a brief narration from the narrator of a recent historical event. The narrator says that the war was a "war of the poor against the rich", and describes how the poor in India fought against the wealthy in the last year of British rule. The film then cuts to the middle of a typical Indian village: a man in a t-shirt and jeans is trying to sell some flowers. As he does so, he looks at the camera, then looks up at a flower pot, then at a woman in a red sari, and finally looks up and at the woman himself. In the next shot he is standing next to a well and a woman who is holding a handbag in which is a piece of paper. This piece of newspaper is a map of the British India empire. The camera then zooms out, and a man with a moustache is standing in a well next to his moustachioed friend. This moustached man is looking at the map of India and at a young girl in the same well. In fact, the girl is the daughter of the moustacher. They are walking across the fields and then up a hill towards a house, the house being a large tent. The girl turns her head and looks back at the tent. Then she turns back and looks at her moustaches. She is looking into a mirror in the tent, and then looks at herself and at her reflection. The two friends continue their walk through the fields, until they come to a house. The woman is wearing a sari and is sitting on a chair with her back to the house. They go inside and sit down. The man with the mousteur then comes into the house and sits down on a sofa. He puts his mouvement over his head and turns his face towards the camera. The moustACHIER turns to look at the mauve woman, and looks down.   The mauvey moustachoard sits at the table, while his friend is sitting at a chair, looking at a map on the table. The map of South Africa and Western India shows the British Indian Empire at the beginning of the twentieth century, with the British Empire covering much of present-day India. This map is followed by a brief description of the life of the last British Indian ruler, Sir Charles Tupper (1850-1922). The last British emperor of India, Lord Macaulay (18
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My boyfriend and I both loved this movie. It is a very unique story. It's about a couple, and they are having a fight in their house. I guess it would be an odd thing for them to have a fight, but they do. The house is actually in a beautiful old castle, and there are so many cool details and details that you would think they were in a real castle. There are so few people that are in this movie that I can't even think of the number of them. But they are all very good. This movie really does have a real story to it, and it's not really about a romance. This is about two people who don't like each other and they both are in their own ways, and are in need of a little bit of help. This isn't really a romantic movie at all. It has a good story to tell, and the music is just perfect. I was not expecting to love this movie, and I definitely don't regret watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, and it has the same feeling as a good meal - good meat and potatoes, good potatoes with a little bit of gravy and lots of gravy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen this movie before. I'm not a fan of the Alien series (I'm a sucker for xenomorphs, am I right?), but this one did it for me. It's the kind of thing you watch while sitting around the fire, watching the sun set, and just talking to yourself. There's no dialogue, but that doesn't bother me. I liked it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very disappointed when I first saw this film. I was expecting a "Walking Dead" style zombie movie with a very cool and creative zombie called "The Gimp". What we got was a very poorly made film that could have been a great horror film, but the story wasn't very interesting and the acting was poor.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was surprised to find that this film was a real piece of entertainment, and not just because of the wonderful music (though that too is pretty great). It is also pretty funny, even though there are no real scenes or any real action in it.   The plot consists of a small family living in a tiny house. The father has a serious illness and cannot leave the house. His son, who is a college graduate and is also working part-time, is a computer whiz. The movie takes place in a summer vacation with the family going to a cottage on a lake.  It is about the father's illness and the son's growing friendship with a girl.    It is funny, sweet, and well-acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was the first movie in a long time I felt like I was actually in a movie, and it really was a good one.   I have never seen a film like this, it was amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to admit I was a little disappointed with this movie as it had a lot of good elements but didn't do much with them.    The story starts with a man on his death bed, asking his doctor what he should do.  After a long time the doctor says he should go out into the world and find his family.  The man has been looking for his wife since he was a young man and he never found her.  He had one son who was a soldier and was killed in Vietnam.  This is a man who is a great family man who cares a lot about his family and his wife.  In his travels the man is able to find the woman and marry her. In the movie there is an incident where the wife dies.  I really enjoyed this movie and I hope that someday a movie like this will come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic that every old timey movie buff should see at least once.  It has that old time timey feel to it with all the old west western scenes.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "In the aftermath of the death of her parents, Jane has moved into a small apartment with her new friend, the beautiful, eccentric Mrs. Fenn. She has to share with her the most intimate things she's ever told her - about her mother and her relationship with her father.  As the story progresses we learn that Mrs. Ford has suffered from depression and is now in a mental hospital. "  I think this movie is the perfect example of why I find the world of independent film so wonderful: the writing is so good, the acting is so fine, the directing is so masterful, the cinematography is so beautiful, the direction is so accurate, the costumes are so beautiful.    This is one of the finest movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a good comedy, you should check this out.  It's got some good punchlines and some very funny dialogue.  The movie itself is a bit on the slow side, but it gets there in the end.    I liked it and will be recommending it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      This is a very good movie.   It is not a good action movie, but it is a good sci-fi movie, so it is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie was a very good movie and a must see. The movie was very good and has great plot and good acting.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot is very simple: The father is a man who has been in prison since he was a young man and his son, a young lawyer who has just finished law school, is now a young widower. His son is now taking the family to his sister's house in the country to stay a while. His sister is an old lady who is very much in love with her grandson, who she has given to her only son, the young widowers father, to raise. The father, a man of few words, is also in love. He is in the hospital after having a heart attack. His heart attack is the result of his own bad health. He wants to go to his daughter's house but can't get there, so he has to stay at home for a while, then he goes to his wife's, but there are too many things to do, so finally he decides to go home to his son's house. The family is going to have a family reunion. The grandson is very happy to see his father. The son has not been able to get over his mother's death. He was in a mental hospital when his mother died. He thinks that his mother has gone to heaven. He also thinks that he is going with his father to heaven, and he feels very lonely and sad. The grandfather wants to take him to his father's house, but he can't because he is too ill. The mother has to get the boy to go on with the trip to the house because it is the only way to make the father feel at home. It is all very simple. It would have been easier to just make a movie about the man who is always on the run and has no one to love, but it isn't easy, and it is very well made. It's a very good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last thing you want is for a movie to be boring. This one has that. It's a little bit like a John Hughes movie that happens to be set in a haunted house. The whole thing is so creepy and creepy and I would definitely watch this over and over again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't even describe how much I loved this movie. The first half of the film is just a nice, slow, relaxing movie. It's almost a dreamlike state of mind to watch. I found myself watching this movie in the backseat of my car in the rain, just thinking about the beautiful landscapes and the scenery. After watching this I got the urge to drive around and see more of these amazing scenery. Then I got into the film's second half, and I found it really exciting. It felt like the movie went on a different route. There was a lot of tension in the movie. There were some intense fights, but at the same time there was a nice story. This movie is definitely worth watching. I would recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only thing to do after a movie like this is to re-watch it in order to see if you can spot the similarities between this movie and the one that spawned this movie.   Like this movie, the first film is an origin story of a character, who is played by John Wayne.  It's obvious that the original movie, was written by a man named Dalton Trumbo, and that the plot, is like a short story of his life.  Here's a short synopsis of the plot of the original Trumbo movie: The story of the Trumbo film is told by the actor John Wayne in a manner which gives us a picture of the man.  Wayne has a bad back and is given a cane and a wooden leg. He is in a bad way and tries to go into a dance hall but is turned away. He goes to a dancehall with a man who seems to be a friend of his.  He takes the man's coat and hat, but they are both turned away when Wayne gets there.  His friend is in trouble and Wayne takes him out of it by throwing him into a window.  Then he throws a bottle of wine over the man and then gets a hatchet from his friend and breaks up a fight.  This is where the Trumboy plot starts.  The first scene of the movie is when Wayne and the friend go to a room where a man is waiting.  When Wayne enters the room he tells the man to get out of the way and then he hits the man on the head.  Later in the film a policeman shows up and Wayne kills the policeman.  There's a lot more to the plot but I won't bore you with it.  After the man who is hit on the back of the head is brought back to the dance hall, the film shifts to a scene where a woman is at the dancehall and a man, who has a cane, comes in and she asks him to get her a glass of water.  But he doesn't understand what she is saying and she says to him "I'm going to have a glass" but then he tells her to get off of him.  I've never understood why a man would want to take a woman's glass, but it just seems like a stupid scene to me.  So she takes it and she walks away.  What is interesting to me is that she has a glass, which is a glass which is going
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is very enjoyable. The plot is really funny. I love the characters and I liked the plot. It's just like watching an old fashioned western. It doesn't really have a lot going on. It starts out really slow. There are a lot of flashbacks and a lot is explained in the opening scene. It does build up slowly but the payoff is well worth it. The whole movie is well made. The characters and the sets are all good. The music is very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like movies with good acting, this is a great movie.     I loved the characters.  They were very likable.  The movie was great.  I think this is the movie to watch if you are in the mood for something to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only thing I can say about this movie is that it's the best comedy movie ever made. I love a good laugh. This movie will make you laugh out loud. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this movie multiple times since its release and each time it's better.  If you're a fan of the classic Star Wars trilogy, this movie is for you.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... I'm a big fan of the films of John Carpenter.   I had seen this before but never thought much about it.  When I did I found it really interesting.  The movie is very well done.  There are some scenes that are not the most pleasant to watch.  A good horror film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best "drama" films I have ever seen.   This movie is a perfect example of what great directors can do with a story, in this case a love story that is a real tearjerker.  If you are a movie lover you will be in heaven when you see this film,  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie, the plot is good, the characters are all fun, the music is awesome, the sex is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was so excited to see this movie that I had forgotten the last movie in the trilogy! I'm not sure if this movie is better than the first one but I am sure it is better!   This movie is just like the first movie. There is a great storyline with great actors in a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  The movie follows a boy (Sophie Marceau) who lives with her mom (Greta Garbo) and her brother (Richard Brooks).  One day, she sees a strange looking boy (Anthony Quinn) with a dog.  "We are not the children of this world, we are the children in this world."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard a lot of good things about the film, and I can't recommend it enough. I think this is the best science fiction movie ever made. It's great.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I will always remember and I think is one of the best horror movies ever made.  There are a lot of horror movies that are made and I really think this is a great one.  It is not your typical horror movie.   It has a bit of a psychological twist to it and makes you think a little bit about what your thinking and what you are feeling at the time.  The ending is perfect and I thought it was perfect.  I was very surprised and excited when I heard that this movie would be coming out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Dumb and Dumber" movies were not good movies by any stretch, but they were a fun ride for the first couple of minutes. The film has a few great scenes, but then falls apart in the final act.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had not seen " The Devil's Advocate " since it came out. I'm not really an "anti-religious" person, I don't believe in God or any sort of religion at all. I think I would be more comfortable if the devil himself were in the movie. I can't believe a movie like this came out in the early 1960's.   This movie had a great cast, including James Stewart and Gary Cooper. The story was very interesting. The plot was very complex. The ending was a surprise, but not really shocking.  The cast was good and the movie was worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is nothing bad about this movie, just a short, but beautiful one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was good, it was bad, it had a good cast, and it didn't get much right.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was disappointed that it wasn't a better movie than it was. It's the kind of movie that's not so much bad as not so good. I would've liked to see a little more of the city, but the main action is in the countryside, with the main cast walking about, shooting stuff, eating food, etc.  I don't care for the story.  There is a lot of it, but I don's not care.  If you like your movies to be action packed, gritty, and with lots of bad guys, then this is your movie.  But if you want something with a little bit more character development, a little less action, and a little something for the younger audience then this isn't it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie that made a very good impression on me. The movie has a very nice and interesting cast of characters and a lot of laughs. I'd recommend this movie to anyone who likes to laugh.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In case you haven't heard, this is the sequel to The Princess Bride.   It starts out much like the first movie: With a guy named Fred (Gary Sinise), who gets a strange letter (which he does not read) from his father in prison, who tells him to find a new wife and to kill the other man who wrote the letter, who turns out to be his own father.   The plot gets quite convoluted, but the movie is well worth a watch, especially if you're a fan of the original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and good movie, which does a good job of capturing the essence of the "Dirty Harry" movie and the "Wild Wild West." The movie is good fun to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little comedy/action movie that has a few laughs along the way. The movie's main character is a former special forces soldier who is now working as a private detective. He is not the sharpest tool in the shed. He's been trying to get his old partner back into action since he left him behind to fight in Iraq. He finds out that he is being followed by a strange old man. He soon realizes that the old man has been living in the same building as him. The old man can see into people's minds, and the old soldier decides to use his special psychic powers to find out who is following him. It's fun, it's funny, it has a little bit of action in it, and it doesn't take itself too seriously. It doesn't really work at all for me. The ending is pretty stupid.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a lot of horror films, but this is one of the most unique I've seen, the movie is very original and it looks and feels like a movie straight out of a horror movie. I have a feeling the writer is trying to scare us and that's what he does with a good job.  One thing I did like about the movie was that it showed how a monster could move.  The movie is based on a story of a boy who has been killed by a monster, it was a very unique and good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie in the theatre. It was a little weird. I don't think there is any way to make it more  ...   interesting.   - I don' t get what the point is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is well made and well written, with great action and a good cast.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like it.  The action is well done and the storyline is interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great action movie that does not skimp on the thrills.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's just a simple story, a very good one, even a few laughs.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all.  The action is well paced, and the fight scenes are spectacular.    And the plot is a clever one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have never seen a movie as good as this before. I had a hard time watching it, it is so strange, and I am glad it is on DVD, you have to see it in a theater, I just wanted to see a movie like this, and it was. It is so good, and the plot is so simple. It tells the story of two young men and their wives, one of them is a young, sexy woman who knows how to drive and does not let a man get in her way, and is so sweet and charming that I could see myself being very happy with her. And the other is an old man, he has had to go to the hospital after a heart attack and has a lot of pain. He has a daughter, but she is a very spoiled girl, she has a great time with her friends, and does what she wants, and has her boyfriend in tow, the two young people are friends and they have fun, and they are happy, but this happy moment is cut short when they have to take a road trip to visit the daughter and her friends. And on the way there, they run into a couple of old men who think that they are the real monsters, and who will stop at nothing to get the girls, and when they arrive at the daughter's place, the girls get a bit annoyed with them, and even a little bit afraid. But it turns out that the girls are not really afraid of the old men, and are quite content with them. And when they get to the daughter, they discover that she has lost her boyfriend, and that her parents have come to pick her up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good story and a good picture. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very enjoyable movie.  I really liked it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie was at the end of the summer. I had just come back from a summer in the mountains and I was eager to see what this movie would be like. I was excited to see it and I loved it.  I enjoyed this movie and it has a good ending.   You can't go wrong with a good romantic comedy, this is a classic and a must see for any lover of the genre.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked the story. The whole thing seemed like a cross between a western, a vampire movie, and a supernatural drama. It had that kind of feeling that it could really happen in the real world and it did. The vampire was an interesting character. I liked that he was an old man. I don't know how old he is, but he didn't seem that old. I also liked how he was the one who got the vampire's heart broken. It just made sense to me. The vampires had a strong sense of morality. It was very interesting how they all had a sense of "I don't like what the humans are doing to us and I'm going to get it done" and I really liked how they had a reason for what they were doing. I'm glad they made it all real. It made me feel that there really was something going on.   Overall, it was a fun movie. I was happy to see it. I had a good time watching it and it made me want to watch more movies like this one.  : 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only negative thing about this movie is that it is a bit too long for a "serious" film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   I was a huge fan of the movie and have seen it a couple times since its release.   The film is pretty good.  The acting is all good. The story is interesting, although not the greatest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is quite entertaining, and the acting is superb. It's a shame that we can't get the movie on DVD, and I'm sure it's a great film. It is, however, one of the few films to be released on DVD in this country. I can't wait to watch it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had to pick a movie that best captures the spirit of the American West, this is it.  It's a very good movie, but it is also a good western.    It's not a typical western: it's more like a western set in a country other than America.  The movie is set in the town of Custer, Colorado, where the Civil War took place.  It is the last film in the Wild West series and it is very well made.  A little slow, a little heavy, but a great western movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this movie is just as good as the book it's based on.   The film was made to celebrate the 40th anniversary of The Twilight Zone   and the theme song was written by John Williams   who also composed the music for the movie.  I can't imagine how the story would have worked without him.  A lot of people will complain about the story being too long but I don't think it is a bad thing.  There are many good ideas and ideas that are just not put into the story.  For example, when you are in a bad situation, why don't you just go to the bathroom?   When a character is going to be sent to prison, why is the character still wearing a prison uniform?  But all these little things make the movie much better.  The cast is very good.  And the movie looks very good as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A wonderful adventure story about an unlikely love story between a young boy and an ancient serpent.    is a beautifully shot and acted story about a boy who loves an ancient monster.  It is a tale of a boy's quest to understand his feelings for a monster. The monster, called Ouroboros, is a creature of incredible power. He can destroy anything in his path, and is always hungry. Ouroboro is an innocent creature who is only a boy in a world full of dangerous and deadly creatures. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have watched this movie so many times since I was a kid. It is a comedy, but one of the funniest I have ever seen. The writing is very good, and the characters are well-developed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie about the time period when the world was young and wild and full of promise.   This is a good film that shows us why this era was called the golden age of aviation.  The plot follows a boy who dreams of flying like his father and grandfather, only to find that he can't.  In his search to prove himself he learns a lot of history and finds that he has more in common with his father than he would ever have imagined.  One of the more unusual and funny scenes I have ever seen.  It's one of those films that I feel should be shown in a museum.  This film has a lot to teach us, and if you can't take it all in, it will still be a great film.  I was happy to see a movie about aviation and its history and to see an airplane portrayed in a more realistic fashion than we are used to seeing.  Highly Recommended 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that makes you laugh, cry, and appreciate a little of life.  I've always loved the movie and have always felt that it should be on the top of my list of favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been meaning to write a review for this movie since it came out, and now I have. The first time I saw it I thought it was a really good movie. I remember watching it at an early age and thinking that the movie was too long. But I think the time was right for this film. It had its own style, a great look, and a lot of fun to be had. This movie had the ability to make you laugh, and even cry, and I enjoyed it. I really liked the actors in this film, and loved the soundtrack. I hope this movie will be made a more long-lived classic.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie! I love all of the films in this series. They all have their charm, and even when I don't like a certain movie it never fails to amaze me.   This movie is just like the others in this great series. It's funny, it's dramatic, and it's heart warming!   It's been quite a while since I saw this movie.  I am so glad that I finally watched this movie and I wish I could have watched it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very, very, good movie. The director (László Nemes) has a great sense of humor, but it's not over the top. His story is simple: a young couple goes on a camping trip to a secluded area in the mountains of Romania. The two are on a hike that they end up having to abandon when they get lost. They hike up and down for a while, and then find a nice place to stop. The rest of the movie takes place as they spend the night in the tent, the two talking, and the next morning, they get up and decide to leave. This is followed by a long walk to a village, where they see the old couple, and spend the rest of that day and the night there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A pretty good movie, but not my favorite:   This is a nice movie, I don't care much about the ending, but I really liked the movie. I would say, the plot is not original, but that does not make the movie bad. I really like the characters, especially the girl in the middle. I think it's a little too short for me, but it is not bad. It is funny at times, and the girls look pretty. The acting is pretty good, especially for the main girl. The ending is not great, but the movie is not very long, so it doesn't matter. Overall, a good, good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun movie!  The characters are funny and the story is well-written.  I liked the way it was paced, and the movie is a very entertaining ride.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic for sure. I have watched a number of these, so this is by far the best I have seen. The story is quite interesting. You will see some very unusual things. I love the humor and humor in the movie. I will definitely see this one again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie that is not for everyone. I'm a huge fan of the series. The action scenes are great, and the characters are great. The ending of the movie is a bit cheesy, but that's what I like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to give a negative review about this movie.   The plot:  One of the most famous writers of the 20th century, Gabriel Garcia Marquez, meets a girl in the slums of Caracas, Venezuela who has a secret.  They fall in love.  The film's first two acts are an amazing story of love, loss and heartbreak, but what really makes this movie is the last act, which is both tragic and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am always happy when I come across a movie that is not too bad, but is also not a masterpiece.  This movie is good.  It is about a man, who is trying to win a boxing match against a woman.  The only problem is that he is a big guy, and he gets beaten up a lot.    In short, this is a good film, which is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is pretty much like a storybook about a little boy, named Billy Batson. He is sent to America to live with his Aunt and Uncle. He soon finds out that there are two evil people living next door to his Aunt & Uncle. They are the Wicked Witch of the West and the Green Goblin. Billy B. is a smart little boy with an incredible amount of knowledge. He can read, write, play the piano, and is an accomplished artist.    This movie is a wonderful introduction to the comic book medium.  It is a fun, upbeat, and entertaining film.  If you are a fan of comic books or kids movies, then this is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little apprehensive about watching this movie, but I have to say that I really enjoyed it. It was a lot of fun to watch, and the characters were all good. It wasn't really the first time I have seen this movie and it didn't disappoint.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only movie I saw this weekend, I was glad to see the classic movie being re-released in its entirety for the first time since its original release.  While it may not have the same emotional pull as The Graduate, it is still a good comedy.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard a lot about this movie, from my good friend John R. Roddenberry. He's always had a great sense of humor and it was a pleasure to watch him enjoy himself with this movie. I'm sure there's more to come from him.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best action movie I have seen.  Very well written and the fighting scenes are very good.  I love a good fight scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original screenplay is by Brian De Palma (who is a huge influence on this movie, and the same is true of the cinematography and the music.  De Palma was a director that I did not particularly like (I think that he was very talented), but the movie was really good, and really, really creepy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the second of a two part trilogy of movies, and it does a very good job of setting up the mythology. I do wish it had a bit more focus in the final third.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie! I had a blast watching this and it wasn't long until I had my own spaceship. The music is really good, it just had a great vibe and the voice acting is top notch! It is a must see movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a perfect example of how good horror can be done right, the pacing is impeccable and the movie does an excellent job of showing the horrors of the world we live in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film's title refers to the title character's belief that the movie is "the only story" and that he is "just a man on the screen." This is an understatement. A man who believes in the film's central theme, that life is just a movie, who feels that his character has the same story as the film, is a great actor and a great man. This is a very unique and interesting movie, and one that is worth watching.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was quite happy with this movie and I think it is one of the best films of the year. It is a very original movie and it was good to see the director working with a talented cast.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in 1957, so I'm not old enough to have seen many of the great movies that are made today. This is one of the better ones. The script is great. It really was written by a master. The acting is excellent. It's very realistic. I would recommend this to anyone who loves movies, like I do.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most beautiful and poignant movies I've ever seen.   If you are a fan of the movies like   I   and  , then   you'll enjoy   this  .   The director is one of the best   in the business. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think I've seen this movie twice.   First time I saw it was at a small theater in the mid-west.  The film itself is about a young boy who is given a magic sword by his father.  He soon grows to be quite powerful.  I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I don't know what it is about the movie, but I like it.   This is a fun movie, with plenty of fun stuff to talk about.  It is a good story, and it is good for kids."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this to be one of the better science fiction films of the 1980's.  The story has a great cast of characters, the story is great, and it is a good adventure film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had not heard of the film before but I loved it. This is the type of story you can tell a kid about and they'll love it. A great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good horror movie. It's funny, it's creepy, it has a few scares, and it's entertaining. I was worried that it was going to be just another cheap, forgettable horror flick, but that was not the case at all. The film has a great soundtrack, which you can get for free on YouTube, and I think it has some good effects. The story, as I said, is pretty ridiculous. But the ending is actually a nice touch, and makes you feel a little bit more sympathetic towards the movie's main characters.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I have heard of such things. They can take any form. The whole of the earth is full of them. It is not the time to talk about the horrors of war. I shall return to it later, for now it is time to speak of the horrors that lie hidden in this strange world."  -Robert Louis Stevenson
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen a couple of great action movies over the years and I've never seen a better one. It has that old school feel, which is good. I'm not sure I could pick out one scene from this movie that I absolutely loved, but the rest I absolutely LOVED. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "It's a big world, big problems and big dreams." - J.K. Rowling   If you enjoy this movie, you should read J. K. Rowling's "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them".   There are a lot of things that I did not like about this movie:   - The ending: After a lot to build up, it ended with a cliffhanger. I would have liked to see a lot more in the next movie, in addition to the main characters and the wizarding world. I'm looking forward to the next Harry Potter movie!   Rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite films from the 1960's. It was a wonderful piece of comedy that would make anyone smile.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best action movies ever made! It is an amazing film. If you have not seen this movie yet, you are in for a treat. The special effects are outstanding. You will not be able to watch this movie for anything but action. It's a movie about a guy who is a soldier in a futuristic society. He has the ability to make any object fly. It is up to him to protect his village from a bad guy. I am going to make a long review for this movie. If I could give it more stars I would. It has an amazing ending and it's one of the most exciting endings I've ever seen in a movie. The soundtrack is great too. If this movie were to be released today I would buy it. It may be hard to find but I guarantee you that it is worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can only recommend this movie   if you are a fan of good sci-fi. The movie is a very interesting story about a colony of humans who have built a spaceship. They have been fighting with the aliens who have been trying to conquer Earth. The story is about the spaceship which was destroyed by the aliens. They all lived together. They learned how to make a living and how to build a spaceship and the spaceship was the only thing that prevented the aliens from conquering Earth.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first two films of the series feature a more or less normal life for a young man. However, the third film, a horror movie about a young girl who is going to be sacrificed to the devil, becomes very mysterious. A very eerie and creepy movie, that should be seen by all those who enjoy horror movies and that should definitely be on the list of must watch horror movies of 2017.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first thing I liked about this movie was the fact that the movie was a horror movie, and not a horror comedy like I've been told, but a real "cinematic horror" movie that scared me to death.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really like the movie "The Wicker Man" and "The Witch" I'm not sure if I'll be able to finish them as I'm so bored of horror movies lately.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most exciting movie I've seen since The Matrix  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, well-paced, well made, well acted action movie from start to finish.  It has that "feel good" factor that most action movies need.    - - -  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good horror movie and the actors did a good job. I like it when it's scary and when it is funny.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was a pretty good movie. It was made by a studio that has done a good job in the past with films like 'Ghosts' and 'Dracula', and I have no doubt that they will produce a good film for us next year.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago I had seen a few documentaries on the Civil War in which the actors were portrayed as the "good guys" or as the best of the best.  One of the most interesting things I learned about the Civil war is that the actors who played these roles had to train in order to get the looks they needed to portray these roles. Â They did this by performing in a series of mock battles against other actors.       In the Battle of Gettysburg, for example, the actors performed their parts with the aid of the "battles" from the Gettysburg battlefield.    This is what makes the movie so enjoyable:   The actors were able to perform these scenes, knowing what to expect and what to do.  It is a fascinating insight into the training of these actors.     I recommend this film to everyone who is interested in the Civilwar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie about a very good guy.   It's the story of a group of college students who have been forced to attend a "haunted" house in a small town in Connecticut.  It turns out the house is haunted by a little girl, but that's not the only thing creepy about the house.  The guy who owns the house doesn't know how to act around her.  I think it's kind of creepy and I like the little girl.  A great movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this film quite a bit. It was a pretty good film that didn't take itself too seriously. It had a decent story and characters that were likable. It made you care about the characters even though they didn't really have much going on. It didn't have the greatest acting, but there were some really great actors who had a lot of fun with their roles. The acting was quite good. It also had a great soundtrack, and it even had a nice ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite films of all time.   The ending is pretty good too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love how you can watch it in a sitting and not even get bored. The plot twists were all well-thought out and you really feel like you're in the middle of the action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a pretty good movie.  I like the premise and the way it is played out.  This was really good.    This movie was made by a young guy named Kevin Bacon and his wife Jennifer Flavin.  The movie takes place in the mid 70's and the characters are very likeable.  It has a great cast of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a kid, I wanted to be like my favorite actor, Richard Kiel. He had a big head and a large mouth, but he could also be a great father and an even better friend.   This movie was not about being like Kiel, it was about being yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie and good story. It was a good film and a good story and I have a feeling that the next one will be a good one too. I have been looking forward to seeing it and I am happy that I did.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good, fun, and funny movie.   I don't have a problem with "bad" movies, but I do have a hard time with "okay" ones.  This was a fun movie and a good comedy, especially for a movie that had to have a female lead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie was great. I love the cast. I like the plot, and I liked the idea of the character of George. He was funny, smart, and sexy. I thought the movie was interesting. I hope that more people will see this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the original movie (the first one is still great), and this one is just as good. I don't know what it is about the original, but it's very interesting to see how it's changed over the years. I really don't want to spoil anything for you, but I have to say that the movie has a lot of heart and humor. It has great performances and a lot to say. I wish they had made a sequel, but maybe I'll have to wait until they release the movie on DVD...  Helpful the movie is a great addition to the series. I've heard some great things about it, so if you haven't seen it yet, then this is a good place to start.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The good news: the movie is funny and a good time. The bad news: it's a big fat $150 million grossed movie, and it's pretty much all over the place.   I like the movie's premise. I also like how the movie manages to work the entire cast in a way that makes them work. I like that there's an actual plot to the movie, something we don't get enough of these days. I can't believe that people who complain about "nonsensical" action movies are going to watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot is a little cliche and predictable, but I found it to be very interesting and well-made.   It's good to see the characters interacting, especially in their first real date, and a few times I got a little bit lost and I had to go back and rewatch it a couple of times to figure out where the heck I was and where I was supposed to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most charming films I have seen.  A lot of love and attention was given to the characters.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films that has a good time with its audience.  It is not a comedy.  There are some pretty bad moments in the film and it makes it hard to watch.   But for what it is worth it is a fun movie that will bring you smiles and laughter.  I think it would be even better if they would do a sequel to this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is the most entertaining movie I have ever seen in my life!   It is a fantastic film from a wonderful director who uses his talents to give us an amazing story.   The story is about a man who has been sent by his friend to a village in India, he meets a girl named Kajma who is a witch and has come to the village to find a witch.  He meets some of the villagers who are not only interesting characters but also have interesting back stories to go with them.  There is a wonderful scene where the villagers have an interesting discussion about the origin of evil, the first villain of the film is a guy who is called "the demon" and the second villain is a man named "the mad man"   There are some interesting moments of comedy in the film, but the story is not really funny, and that is what makes this movie a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very funny, I would say it's the funniest comedy of the year, it has a little bit of romance in it, but mostly it's about a guy and his dog that get stuck in the snow. It's a fun movie that's sure to entertain you. It was funny and a good time at the same time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had read some reviews for this movie, but I never really paid much attention to them. I don't think I'm alone in that; I was totally underwhelmed. The plot is weak, the characters are flat, the dialogue is atrocious and the action is lame, at best.   The story begins with a guy (played by Robert Patrick) who has lost his arm in a fight with a monster. He is on the run from the cops, who have set up a search party. He's joined by a guy named (played, of course, by Bruce Willis) who gives him a ride. They soon find a town called "Deadwood," which was a town in the late 1800s where everyone lived off the land and there was no violence, no drugs, no war. Then a bunch of people show up who seem to be trying to destroy Deadwood, and it all turns out to be some weird drug induced hallucination.  -What's a hallucination? I'll tell you: it's a group of hippies with guns.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is awesome.   I can't believe how good this movie is.  The music is great, the action scenes are fantastic, and the acting is pretty good too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a kid I remember being very bored with all the cheesy 90's films, and the most interesting one in my opinion was the short lived movie about a little girl that's supposed to be an action heroine and ends up being a sad character.   This is definitely a must see for any fan of the 80's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure what happened to the great John Williams, but he was back at it again with his terrific score to the remake of the old Japanese vampire movie.  This is not to say that the movie is not good, but there is a lot of CGI in this, including some extremely disturbing CGI.    I have always found Williams to be a very good composer, but I never knew how good he really is until I watched this movie.   I guess the Japanese vampire genre is very popular right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid and enjoyable story that was well done.   The story itself is quite simple and not as original as I thought it would be.  But there is something about the story that really sticks with you.  It is quite easy to read and there are a lot of little mysteries to solve.  The characters are not the most interesting but it is a story about people and they are all very likable.  This movie is a good introduction to some of the more obscure and mysterious films of the period. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not a huge horror movie buff but I love this movie and thought it was a very interesting premise, a good blend of gore and comedy.   It's one of the better horror movies I've seen and I like a good laugh and gore. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good. I loved it. It is very different from other movies like this. I like the different themes and it is different and funny.  I don't know if I'll see another movie like this in my life.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a lot of fun, and the action is well executed, the special effects are very cool, and it has a great cast of characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie.   If you like a good action movie with a really good cast and great special effects, you will love this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great comedy about a family that is moving from Boston to the Pacific Northwest. There are a lot of funny and silly scenes in this movie. I especially like the scene where the father has a big laugh at a man in a wheelchair being thrown out of a car.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not an avid movie watcher but this movie did keep me going to the end. I do think that there are some great performances and that there is a great story to be told.   It is just about time for a good old-fashioned western and this is a good one. There is plenty of violence and a bit of sex but it is pretty tame.   (It was good to be a cowboy)   Good Movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little horror movie. The main character is a man named Robert, who works in a restaurant and has an occasional drink. One night, he's on a night shift and when he leaves the restaurant to go home, he sees something that he doesn't like.   It's a girl in a dress, with red eyes, with a little doll, and the doll is wearing a red dress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a bit of a different kind of thing. It is a very serious drama about the story of a man who has gone blind from a blood clot in his brain. He lives in the small town of White Plains, New York, which is a small, run down town. He is married to his wife, and they have a son who is six years old. The story is told by a man named John Leland, who is blind himself. He works in a newspaper office in White Plains. He also is blind. The two men meet and work together. One day, a reporter named Frank Miller visits the town, and Leland is surprised to find him there. Frank Miller wants to interview John Leston, and when Leston asks him if he is a reporter, Miller replies, "I don't know." Miller asks Leston what he is doing in the town. Leston tells him that he is just visiting. Miller asks how he knows that Leston is blind, and is told that he sees him. He says that he will find out. He asks Leland if he has ever been to the movies, and the blind man says no. He then asks Lester if he ever saw a movie. Leland tells him about a movie in which a man sees a woman. Miller says that that's all he saw, and then asks him how he knew about that movie. The blind man tells him what happened to him. Miller then tells him to go home and to call the police if anything happens to him, and he does. The next day, Leland comes to the office and asks the newsman, Frank Miller, what happened. Miller tells him, that Leland's son was killed the day before. Lester goes home, and Miller asks him what he was doing in town the day that his son was murdered. Lister says that Lenton's wife found him dead in his bedroom. Miller is very upset about this, and says that it was an accident. Lenton gets mad at Miller and says, "Why didn't you tell me? I would have stopped him." Leland then leaves the office. Ledy is very depressed about what happened and starts drinking. Lyle comes home and finds Leland sitting on the bed. Leman asks him where Leland has been. Lelest says that they were out all day. Lelman says that his father told him what had happened, and asks Leler if
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had been expecting a really good movie and this one delivered in spades.   A little over the top and a little cheesy at times, but it has a really great soundtrack and some truly wonderful characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a great experience to be able to watch a movie with this kind of acting. It is a well made movie and I really enjoyed it.  I would like to see a little more of the movie but I think that it will work.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with a lot of heart. The acting was great, the music was great and the story was great.  The ending was so wonderful, I was so glad I watched this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is simple and very good. It is a little funny, but not in a "weird and wonderful" way. There is a scene when an Indian and an Arab man are walking through the desert, and the Arab looks down at the ground and says, "Oh, this is nothing, really. We have been walking through this desert for hundreds of years. The sand is so fine. There's no one here. This is our home."   There is no story about the man who found the girl. He was not the first to find her. She was not a runaway, and he was not her mother.   But the story is one of the greatest stories in history. The man who finds the girl is a great hero. He has brought a whole people to the land of their ancestors. He is the first great man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a fan of the movie. I love the movie but it doesn't make the most out of the film. The best thing about the movie is the cast. I'm not a big fan of "silly" movies but I really liked this one. The movie has good laughs and good characters.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie with great acting and great action scenes.  It was so good, that I could not help but to like it more the more I watched it.  Posted by Jeff Spinner at 9:45 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is not bad.  But the story is bad. I mean really bad. We are introduced to the main character in the middle of a field of corn.   We then find out he is in jail for stealing a tractor.  He's also a Vietnam Vet who has seen enough combat to last a lifetime.  What follows is a lot of bullshit.  This is a story about a guy trying to win back a wife and daughter that he never got to see growing up.  It also has a lot to do with a guy with a gun who decides to take revenge on the guy that did him wrong.  The film's main strength comes from the acting.  If I could give this movie a negative, it would be that it doesn't seem to have been shot in a very interesting way.  One of the scenes is a flashback that has a good bit of action, but there is no sense of scale.  Another scene is an extended chase sequence.  There are some scenes that are cool, but overall the film is a mixed bag.  I give it an 8/10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a nice movie that takes you through a trip to the middle of nowhere and back again. The first part is just about some folks on a road trip who meet a bunch of hitchhikers who are also on a trip, so there's a little bit of that. There's a lot of talk about how the hitchhiking groups all have to stay in the same place, which is the "middle of nowhere", which is a cool idea. I think this would have been much better if the people in the middle had stayed in a motel, but I guess they were just too cheap to pay. It gets a bit silly after that. It is a real nice story, and if you're not a big fan of road trips, you should give it a look.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's a scene in this movie that will make you cry.  The movie is about a guy who has lost his family, and is trying to find a place to stay.    There are many scenes where you see this guy wandering around a parking lot and he is always getting in fights with a lot of different characters.  It was just a little disappointing that there weren't any good fights in the movie.  And this is just one of many scenes in this film where you will see the guy with his hand in his pocket, and he will be fighting with the other guys and then he will start walking away and then someone will pull him and they will all start fighting again.  But the good thing is that it ends up being a very funny movie. The story is about how these guys are going to try and get a place in the world, and they are going about it in the most ridiculous way possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and will rewatch it again.  This is one of those movies where the director's style is so unique and well thought out, but he doesn't just sit back and watch people fall.    He has a great sense of humor and keeps the audience laughing with each gag.  I really liked this movie, but I wouldn't have a problem recommending it to anyone who likes action movies, comedy and laughs.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      I thought that this was a very well-written movie, but it's a bit too much like The Matrix and I was expecting a little more.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "There is no better place in the world for a man to have a good time than in a great bar, where every man's dream comes true" - Jack Benny   This is a story about a man's love and desire for the good life.   A great movie with great acting, great music and a wonderful ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a boy who grows up in the forest and becomes a big man, but he is not alone. The rest of his friends are there and help him out with his chores.  It's a very good movie that has great story and characters.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think I'm going to make a big splash with this review. I mean, just look at the title: the title is pretty much everything you'd want from a good sci-fi movie: space exploration, a good deal of action, and even some comedy!   So what you get is an excellent movie that will have you asking what the heck is going on.   Well, in a nutshell, you have an old man who's been in space for years. He's very tired and is quite depressed. It's not a happy life and there's no hope for him to return to his home planet. He has a son who has also been in the space, and like his father, he's also lost everything he ever had. He spends his days looking out at the stars and thinking of his son.  There's also an asteroid belt and a planet that's inhabited by a race of creatures that look a lot like humans.  There's a lot of interesting creatures in this movie: some really cute, some like giant, others like a mix between a cat and a dog, and some that look like some sort of weird hybrid of a human and a reptile.  But really, what I like about the film is that it's pretty much a movie about the way life on Earth really is, with its problems and its problems with hope. The characters are all flawed, and it is up to the viewer to decide how to respond to their lives.    The story itself is a bit convoluted at times. It is very difficult to follow at times, but it's not like the film gets bogged down in exposition or anything like that.  The film has a great cast and is a very enjoyable ride.  I hope that this film can be seen by a lot more people because it is one of the better science fiction movies I've seen.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that you'll want to watch over and over again. The acting is superb. The music is excellent. The cinematography is top notch. And, the romance is a real treat. It's very touching, and I can only imagine how the lovers feel during the final scenes.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a solid little slice of cinema and very well acted, with excellent performances by all the cast. The story is not the most original or innovative, but it does a good job of telling a story that will stick with you.  It is about a young man who is sent by his father to visit his father on a farm in the country, and his encounters with his father, his family, his dog, and even his dog's owner, and their lives in the old country.  It is a good family movie, and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I didn't like this movie.   It was an average movie with little plot, no real character development and a plot that was just too simple.  The movie started with a girl in a car.  It doesn't really explain who she is, she is supposed to be a good looking girl who was murdered and buried in the woods.  We then follow a woman who was also murdered in the same manner.  She tells us that the same man who murdered her is the one who buried her.  This is just a bunch of crap, and I'm not even sure where they are going with this.  One thing that bothered me was that we didn't get any explanation of what happened to the girl in the car. If we knew who she was and what happened, then we could make more sense of the story.  I did like the woman who spoke to us, though.  As mentioned, this movie has no plot and no character development.  And it also has a story that isn't very interesting.  If you are looking for something to do with your family or yourself, then this is a good film to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The ending was just about perfect.  It had a good ending because it had a lot of twists.    This is a very good movie, and it has some great performances.  The movie was good, and the characters were very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an old-fashioned adventure film, with a good script.  There's a lot of shooting, with the good acting in it.  It's a shame the director didn't shoot the whole movie in the desert, since the desert has some great views. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad I went to this.  It was a fun movie.    I would love to see a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a wonderful movie and a must see movie for all movie lovers.   It has the best plot and characters, a good acting, beautiful cinematography and a good soundtrack.  It will be a great movie to watch again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm going to be honest, this movie wasn't bad.  It was actually good, but you know, it wasn't something you could be in awe of.   However, I have to give credit to the filmmakers.  This movie, like most of their movies, is about the struggle for freedom.  And they get it.  The only thing that didn't work for me was the ending.  It was supposed to be a happy ending. But then they just took the money and run.  I don't know why.  For the love of God, if this movie was made by some Hollywood studio, they'd have screwed it up.  They were trying too hard to be something they weren't.  For more great movies, check out: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a world where the only hope for survival is through hard work and skill, this film offers a welcome and entertaining change of pace. A man who has worked hard all his life must now confront the reality that he is going to die in a couple of weeks. As a result, he becomes very jaded. One day, he gets a phone call that his father has been murdered. The police are unable to find the killer and the only clue they have is a piece of the broken window. It is the only piece that is in the house. In the end, the police are able to catch the killer but the police chief (who is also the father of the man who was killed) is the real killer. The film ends with the film's ending. It's a good end to a bad film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I'm a little old to be talking about these movies and how they influenced me, but I guess I'm not old enough to have seen these before.  They are not just "fun" movies.    They are powerful movies that speak to us about the power of love, the power to find happiness, the beauty of forgiveness, and the power that we have in ourselves to forgive ourselves.    - February 16, 2013If you love a good story about a man who takes a life, don't miss this movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a movie about a crazy guy who wants to eat the face of his mother-in-law and, when his plans are foiled by a woman's protective instinct, he has a heart attack. It is very good!   The Best of the Worst! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an action-adventure-thriller that features a lot of funny and funny moments. The movie also has a few great fight scenes.  There are a lot more fights in this movie than the first one.  It's also not a very good movie.  The movie is all over the place in terms of storyline.  If it was done a little more coherently it would have been better.  In the end it's a good watch if you're into the action-thrillers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's funny that I'm not even a big fan of this movie. It was made in the 70's, and I have no idea how they figured out that a couple of people were trying to steal their money.   I don't like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most enjoyable films I have seen in a long time. The acting is superb and the story is well done. The ending is just perfect. It is a perfect film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the original films from the 70s and the films of that era.    The films are all well-written and acted and I found them quite entertaining.  The most notable feature of this movie is that it was written by the very talented and much respected Michael Cimino (who would go on to be a major movie director himself).   I have never seen this movie, but from the reviews I have seen online, it is a decent, if not really original film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favourite movie  .   A movie that I'm always watching and always enjoying.   It has a good amount of laughs and action scenes, with good music, and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting to see this movie since I first saw it a couple of years ago.  The movie is funny, and the story is simple, but the actors do a great job.  "The most expensive movie ever made"
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Mummy" is a great movie, with an amazing performance from Tom Cruise, and a great plot, even though the "real" Mummy (played by a guy who can't act) is pretty much the same as the "invented" one from the movies of the late 1920's.  But, as it was originally made, the Mummy is very different, and you have to see it to really appreciate it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a wonderful movie about a great man. There is much of the typical drama here that we all know and love.   The film is a real treat for the eyes.  The movie was filmed by Robert Aldrich in 1951.  This was one of the first movies ever to show an atomic explosion.  If you want a great laugh this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - "This movie is so good, that it makes me laugh out loud."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've heard of this film, but never watched it. Now, it's one of those rare movies that can be watched in a leisurely manner. The film's story is well written and the story line is well done.   The characters are interesting. The acting is very good. The story line makes for a fun watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most interesting thing about The Book of Eli is that, in a year that has seen so much horror, it's possible to be moved by something as beautiful and moving as this. The book is a collection of stories that are written by the children of the deceased Eli. The stories are written to be read to the children, to tell them how the world is and how they can find the meaning of their lives. The Book is about a man who is an evil man, but his story is also about how a man can be both evil and good at the same time.  If you've ever wondered what happens to an evil person when he decides to take a break from the bad things he does, then you will find the answer in The Book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great little movie and a very interesting story. I'm not going to review the movie in detail, but there are a couple of nice touches here and there that make the movie more than a little memorable.    The main character is played by a terrific Richard Jenkins and it's not surprising that a great actor like this would be good in this kind of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that this is one of the best action movies that I have seen in a long time.  The action is very good and there are a lot of explosions going on.    It is a very enjoyable movie to watch.  The trailer of this movie was also really good, it looked like a good action movie and I think that it will be a good watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best of the "New Wave" genre.  The story, acting, music, and cinematography are all top-notch, and the cast is superb.  A wonderful movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "If you want to know what life in the 21st century is like...then go to a movie theater.  This movie is about a group of young kids who get their hands on a rare movie from a rare era.  They don't have the means to actually watch the movie, so they do the next best thing.  A quick cut to the kids in the backseat of a truck.  I was reminded of an episode of the Simpsons where Homer is in a pickle.  There's a big scene where he's in a movie theatre with a bunch of kids.  It's fun, and the movie is really good."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie and thought it was very good. I enjoyed it and the story line was very intriguing and fun. I liked that there were a lot of characters and that they all had their own problems. I like how they all got along. I didn't like that it took so long for them to find their way out of this mess.   The ending was great. I can't wait to see how they resolve it in the sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a terrific movie about a kid who can't catch a break and a girl who has a heart of gold.  The movie has all the hallmarks of an American classic:  A kid who is a loser and a wimp who can do absolutely nothing right.  An annoying girl who always seems to have a good thing going on.   One of the funniest movies I have seen in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been interested in horror movies. I am not a huge fan of gore or gorey films, but there are some really scary movies out there. This one was just a little too long. It is an old school "horror" movie and I like it. It takes a few minutes to get going, but the tension is thick and very intense. I don't know why it took me so long to see it. I'm a big fan of the horror genre. I love the way these directors put so much attention to detail. The sets, the actors, the costumes, the sets, all of it is so beautiful. I have never seen anything like this in a movie. It looks like a beautiful movie. This is an extremely underrated horror movie that I recommend.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie. I enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie about a bad man.   There's a scene in the beginning where the father (I don't know why he was chosen) shows his son the "real" world. He shows him how a man in his world does a woman (who doesn't know he exists) put her head in a dish and then feed it to the fish.  It's a bad scene and the scene was supposed to be a nice one.  But the bad father is the worst thing to ever happen to the movie.  The bad father takes it a step further. He puts a little girl in the dish to be eaten.  I don't want to give away the twist, but the twist is that the child was created by the evil father who then fed it to a fish and the fish was a woman.  That scene is horrible and I'm so glad I didn't see it.  My only real comment is that I'm not a huge fan of horror movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The ending is a nice touch.  It makes the story better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie a lot. It's funny, it's a little bit scary, and it's quite a bit heartwarming. The ending is a little weird.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening title card of a movie about the Nazis in the Occupied France is an obvious nod to the first installment of the series: The Great Escape, and even though it's just one scene, it's enough to remind you of the movie's roots. But while it's not a bad movie, it still isn't a good one. It's not bad, but it's also not good. I didn't mind the movie at all. I enjoyed the plot, the acting, and the characters. The acting was good, the special effects were good, and I liked the music. I also liked the fact that there was no gore in this movie. The only bad thing about this movie is the ending. It was a bit abrupt and I was left wanting more. But in the end, I think that The Great Escapes is a very good movie and should be watched by all fans of the movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, which had the feeling of a true action film and not a superhero movie. A bit of an odd story though. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In the middle of a brutal winter I am very happy to see a movie like this, which is also about a young girl.  This is a pretty good film and the story is not too difficult to follow.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this to be a fairly good horror movie. It is fairly long, and has some decent gore and action, but the story is very interesting, and a bit depressing. The ending is good as well, I thought.   Overall a good film, but it would be nice to see some more gore in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, a great cast.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an interesting one. There are some pretty cool scenes, including one that is actually a dream sequence. I didn't have a great time with this movie, but it's certainly good to see a couple of old-school films that are worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film's first act, set in a "dreamlike" landscape of a snow-covered, forested mountainside, is a rather effective and haunting way to get us to see our surroundings for the first time.   In fact, the film doesn't let up for the whole film, as the protagonist is gradually confronted with his own mortality, and with his fears about the world that he will leave behind.  And that is just the beginning.  As the film goes on, the character is gradually driven to the edge of madness, and the film gradually becomes a horror-comedy as we watch the character's delusions grow more and more insane.  It's a very effective and effective film that will leave you wondering how much further it can go, and what is left for the characters to do in this world that they will soon be leaving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of this movie is an absolute riot.   It's got a great cast, a wonderful script, and an amazing director.  I mean, the first half is just so much fun!   I think this movie will go down as one of the best action films ever made!  I give the movie an 8/10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie, I think that I have seen a movie where the director is not using any gimmicks or tricks to try and get you to laugh and smile. I really thought that it was going to be a comedy but I didn't know if it was a comedy with a twist.   There are some funny moments that make you laugh but the most interesting thing about the movie is the direction.  It is like it is shot from the eyes of an animal.  The director uses very short shots and cuts between different characters, the animals, trees and everything else.  When you are watching this movie there is not a moment where you are bored.  This movie is so weird it is a real treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie! I think this is one of the best movies in the genre!  I like the concept of the movie, it is an interesting story about a group of teenagers who are a part of a cult, they have a big problem with their leader.  The movie is good, the movie starts with the leader of the cult, and the movie moves to another scene about another leader, the story gets interesting, but then the movie ends and you are left with a feeling of boredom.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  We need more films like this.  It is not often that a movie is able to capture the essence of the American South in a way that is honest, real, and a little frightening.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not the best movie ever made but it is a movie which will stick with you.  I was really into the story of the first part and it got even better with the second.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot of the film is so simple: a scientist named Professor Bester has a theory that the planet Jupiter may have been home to a lost civilization. It turns out to be true. There are ancient writings that are written in a language that no human being has ever spoken before. Bester is able to translate these writings and his translation of the writings is so precise that they are like ancient scrolls. The first page of the scroll is an ancient Egyptian writing. Besters translation is as follows: "To my Lord and Sire: I have found the place of my departure; I have come to you, my father, my King. I have brought you a tablet, which is inscribed with hieroglyphics and the hieroglyphederes are very curious. You are not to fear me, for I am a very simple man. I am but a common man like you, I know that you are strong and wise, and that you have great knowledge of your planet. The Lord has not forgotten me, and I am now coming to you to return you to your own planet." The last words are: "I wish to thank you and to express my gratitude for your help. I hope that I shall soon be back in my own planet. God bless you all, and may you all have long lives." In the film, there is no mention of the other ancient writings Bester discovered and how they relate to the scroll. It is possible that the other writings are related to other planets, not to the planet we know today.   There are a few scenes in the film that don't fit into the film's plot, but I liked them.  A few scenes that are important in the history of astronomy:  The first scene is an explanation of the position of the planets when they are at their closest to each other. This is a very accurate representation of how the planets are arranged when they pass in front of each other (see diagram).   It shows the positions of the Sun, the Moon and the planets with the times of day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has a good story line, good action and interesting characters.   If you want a good action movie with good characters and good plot line then watch this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie!   This is a great story about a boy who is sent to live with his grandmother.   His grandmother is a witch, and her magic works!  But when he tries to use her powers, they go horribly wrong.  The movie is very well-done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been a long time since I've watched a good thriller, but this movie is still a good one. It has good acting and a good storyline.  The movie is about a man who has the ability to see through walls, and he's good at it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not a perfect movie but it is definitely a good one. It was very funny and it has a very great ending. It is also very dark in its subject matter and has a great soundtrack. The cast is great and the story is a little bit unbelievable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say that I'm pretty impressed with this movie. The concept is great, and the actors all do a very good job at capturing their characters. I don't think that the film really takes a big risk, as there's not really any special effects to speak of. The story does seem to be somewhat inspired by the book, and it seems to work very well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent movie, full of laughs, good acting, and a great plot. It is a great comedy. It's funny, but it's also pretty much the most realistic movie I have ever seen. I hope this movie stays on the air forever.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has some funny moments. The movie itself is not very funny. However, the characters are funny. The humor is very good and the movie is funny and the action scenes are great.   This movie is not a good story. It has a lot of problems. But it is funny. It is a movie that you have to see if you want to see some great action scenes and some good comedy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great story, great acting, and is funny.  The movie is about a group of people, the "couples" that go around a country and a world, and they have to find a way to survive.  They do so by being funny, charming, and generally not making any mistakes.  It's a good time with good acting.  I think that it would be a good idea to see this movie more than once.   Overall:  The story is about couples that find a secret passage into a parallel world.  Once there, they must help each other survive.      I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good story with good action and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When the trailer and the first few minutes of the movie promised an exciting adventure, I thought I was in for a fun ride.  I am so glad I was wrong.    I was surprised by the characters' names and the fact that I didn't recognize any of them at first.    I was also surprised that there wasn't a whole lot of action in this movie.  The movie does a good job of showing a little of what the people are up to in their life.  It is definitely a fun movie, but the first half of the film felt a little too short.  I'm sure that the final product will be even better.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a great movie, and it's a good one.  It's not the greatest movie, but it's pretty good.    It is, however, quite similar to the first two Indiana Jones movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - The movie starts out with a couple of very intense scenes of violence. This movie has some of the best fight scenes I have ever seen in a movie.   I was completely fascinated with this movie. It is very good and is definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie. It's not a bad movie by any means, but it has some problems. One of the most important things about this movie is that it has a real story. I thought it was interesting to see a little boy who goes on a journey with a donkey and horse. It was nice to see that the characters were well developed and well developed characters. It took me a while to get into the movie but once I did it was very well done. I think the story should have been longer. I don't know if this is because the movie was too short or the director wanted to do more with it. But either way it was a nice movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never watched a film quite like this, and I mean it's a good film, it's one of those movies that you watch at 2am and then go to bed, and dream about it.   This is a film that is a master class in the use of a story, and the characters are the most convincing and interesting that you'll find. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A funny movie. I liked it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I know it's only a comedy, but if you laugh a lot while you're watching this, it's worth watching, even if you hate a lot of the things that are said. This is a good film, and it is worth watching."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm pretty sure the original was shot with digital video. It was made by a very talented young man (in his late twenties). I'm pretty positive this is the first film by him. It's a very good film. A lot of love was put into it. I would give it a 7/10. It is a good film and a good story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie, not the best of the year, but definitely in the top 10.  I really like this movie, but I would not recommend it to anyone who is not interested in the classic sci-fi/horror genre. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the last few years I have watched more and more movies, and the best one so far is 'Taken', it has got a great cast, great direction, and great performances.   The movie does have a very good ending, it was a great movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've just finished watching 'Jaws: The Revenge'  and it was a real pleasure.  It's a fun little flick, even though it takes place during the height of the Cold War, with the Soviet Union and the United States both threatening to send nuclear missiles at each other.  The Soviet Union has just sent a spy into the United State to get their nuclear codes, and to his horror he discovers that the US is preparing for a nuclear strike against the Soviet's in retaliation for the Soviet attack on the US.  As it happens, the US are the ones who first developed the nuclear bomb and thus they are now the world's most powerful nation.  A couple of the spies are taken to a safe house which is in a state of complete disrepair.  One of the two spies is played by a rather young man by the name of Tom Hanks.  Tom Hays plays him as a rather clueless and rather dull character, but I loved the idea of him playing a character who is a bit dull and a bit boring.  He doesn't even seem to realise what is going on, which was a little unsettling.  While this movie was made in the 60's it doesn't really feel dated at all.  There is an air of mystery and terror which permeates throughout the entire movie.  This is all set to some wonderful music, and the acting is quite good.  For a 70's movie there was still a good amount of humour, but it wasn't too overbearing, it was more a part of the film.  All in all a fun movie which has been made quite recently. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie twice and both times I was very impressed. I will be interested to see it again. The movie takes place in 18th century Spain and it is not a bad film to watch either. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is about a father and his son who were on a trip. The boy had been sent to school the day before, and was going through some changes. He was getting out of the habit of crying, and had become a lot more sociable. When they got to the hotel, the father realized that the boy was upset. The father called the hotel manager, and told him that the kid had a problem with the hotel and that he was going to take the boy out of it. The manager said that they'd send a man to take care of the boy if he didn't want to leave. After that, the story gets pretty wild. There are a lot of sex scenes, and some pretty violent and graphic scenes. It's an interesting story, but not really good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film starts off with a very odd looking man talking to a woman and a child. He says that there are "three great rivers of India" and that "the third river flows into the sea and then out into the ocean. It is very deep and very dark." He then points out that the "three rivers of the ocean are blue, green and black. There is a river which flows from the blue sea to the green sea, and a river from the green to the black sea."  The movie has a strong presence and a wonderful atmosphere. There are some very interesting things going on. The characters seem real and they are all very funny. There were some funny scenes too. I also enjoyed the song "Gangnam Style" that was performed by the group PSY. It was very funny, but the song was not the best I've heard.   I really enjoyed this film and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As much as I like to see films like this that are a good piece of cinema with great performances, a great story and the best set-piece of the year I can't help but feel the same disappointment I had in The Lone Ranger (not that it's a bad movie but I really didn't see the point of the story).  I really did want to be more involved with the action and the chase sequences but the story is a bit dull and repetitive.  The film seems to be building to a climactic scene and then drops out without a hitch, the ending was a bit too rushed to me but that's probably the director's fault.  There's also a rather poor performance from Johnny Depp, he's very good as the Lone Ranger and he's got a few great fight scenes but he just doesn't have the presence or the personality to be a lead actor.   Overall I really enjoyed the film but I feel it would have benefited from a bit more time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this movie because I wanted to see how much of a bad movie it really is. It was a good first film in the "F" series. I think the "E" series is a little more enjoyable.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've had a few drinks with this movie.  This is a fun little comedy about two young boys who are looking for a place to hide out.    One day a woman comes in looking for them.    The boys are excited to have someone to play with.  The two young men decide to play hide and seek with the woman.  I like this movie a lot.  It has a lot of laughs and it has some good heart breaking moments.  This is a good little comedy with a good heart.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with the familiar scene of a boy trying to get a ride home from the train station. He manages to get one and then the girl on the bus asks if she can sit in the seat next to him. She does. So he climbs on and they ride.  They then get off at a different station and get a taxi and drive to a seedy motel and sleep there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think the ending of the movie is awesome, the movie has a great theme, but the ending is really awesome, and you feel good watching it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like the movie, you might like this book. It's not exactly a movie, but it's close. The story is very simple: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most enjoyable movie I've seen in a while.  There is a lot of humour, and some very dark scenes.    There is a few jokes here and there that I liked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First, the film is about a young boy who is taken away from his parents when they are killed by a madman who steals a boy's heart and brain. It is the last child to be adopted by his new family and as he is the only child left, he's the one to be abandoned. I've always loved movies like this because they're about real, tragic things. I'm always happy to see that a movie can make me feel something like that. The film is also a bit like a comic book because it's told from the point of view of a young girl and is filled with pop culture references (I was shocked that the movie was about 30 years old!). There are a couple of jokes, some of which were quite funny, but nothing that I found particularly memorable. I also found it a bit boring, because it was so easy to follow, but that's probably because it had such a short run time. I liked the ending a lot though and I was looking forward to watching it again, but then I remembered that I didn't like the movie the first time around and I didn' t like it at all the second time around either. I think the movie could have done with a little more time on the drawing board, because at this point it's just a bunch of characters talking and that's about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a nice movie and it's fun to see how he tries to get a girl out of the house to the party.  A lot of times I've seen him get in trouble and not get any help.    He gets help from his friend and the guy in the red sweater that has been trying to help him for years. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must-see movie for fans of bad movies.   The film opens in a morgue, and then jumps to the future: The dead have been being resurrected by a young man who uses the name of Dr. Killebrew. He was the most important person in the movie and is still being a good doctor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best kind of movie is the kind that you'll watch and think, "How can I make this better?"  It's got the right blend of fun and adventure, a strong heroine, a great soundtrack, and a great ending.  This is a good kind of "mockumentary" and I'm happy to see that the creators are moving away from the "reality" stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a young man's experiences and the things he sees. The film is about a boy who is on a trip from New York to San Francisco. He sees a dead man and he wants to kill him. When he gets back he finds out he has been hired to kill the man's wife, who was also killed by the man. The man says he is not going to kill her because it would not be worth it. He was hired by the wife to do so. There are several things that are interesting about this film. One is the film is not about violence. It is about the lives of people who are trying to make ends meet and make a living. This is an interesting way to do a film. I enjoyed this film and recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way to describe this movie is:  It's like watching a dream. The story of an old man that is living in the mountains with his grandchildren. His grandchildren have a bad habit of jumping off a cliff, and he is the only one who can stop them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice old fashioned western with a lot of action, but nothing you haven't seen before. The main character, who is the sheriff, is a good looking guy, very likeable.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A story about a little girl named Elisa, who lives in a small village in the Italian Alps with her family. Her mother is a famous author who writes a book about the lives of the little people in the Alps, a book that she herself wrote. Elisa's father is a good hunter, a man who has been a hunter his whole life, he knows how to use a gun and knows how it is to be used. Eliza's mother's husband has been out hunting the last few days and has brought back an interesting catch - a wolf, which is named Dario. As time goes on, the two begin to get more and more interested in each other and the two of them become increasingly more dangerous. When it is all said and done, Dario is a bit of a madman and Dario's brother is his first love. But, at the end of the day, it's Eliza who wins. It's a story about two very ordinary people who do things that most people would never dream of doing, that is, getting married."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had seen the first film of this series before, but this time I went in with my usual cautionary tale. This film does not disappoint. The actors are good, and it does take some getting used to. But once you get into it, you will be hooked! The story is pretty much like the first, but with more of a twist and much more action. There are even a few jokes in this movie. If you have a few hours to kill, go watch this. It is a very entertaining movie and a little bit different than the usual. Recommended.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found it difficult to take the movie seriously until the final 20 minutes, when the movie finally became serious enough to be enjoyable. It's not a good film, but it's good enough to warrant a watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "What a way to go out!"  If you are looking for a great movie to watch after dinner, then "Avengers: Age of Ultron" is definitely a great one to watch!  A great movie and a great way to end the movie.  I really enjoyed the movie, it was a fun movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this a few years back at a movie theatre near my house and I remember it being a really good film.  The cinematography and sound effects were amazing and the acting was strong.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun movie and a nice movie to watch with a nice family. I would have liked more about the kids but it's a good enough movie for any kid.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are some scenes in this movie that were very hard to watch, but if you like gore and blood you will love it. It is the best gore movie I have seen in a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't believe this movie was made.  If I had the opportunity to make a movie of any kind for a living, I would do it in a heartbeat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a word, AWESOME!  If you are looking for a good story with a good ending, then you need to look no further!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have not seen this movie in years but I had to watch it again, after seeing the previous film. There is nothing in this movie that will surprise you, in fact there is not much of anything at all, other than a good story and good acting. The characters are all played by the same actor and it makes the movie feel like it is a typical Hollywood movie. The movie is not for the faint of heart, I did find the movie a little disturbing and I can't say I liked any of the characters, but then again, there is nothing like the characters in a real life situation. I guess it is for the best if the film has a happy ending, and I guess I will be watching it again soon.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad I saw this movie. It's a pretty funny little movie that has a few good laughs along the way. The acting was very good and the movie had a lot of heart.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film during a long day at the beach and the only good thing about it was that I wasn't too busy watching a movie on the beach to be bored.   The movie takes place in the 1930's, and has a bunch of guys who are all out to make a lot of money by running a gas station.  One day they all go out for a day at a gas well and get trapped by a blizzard and have to work to get out.  The first part of the film is set in a diner and the characters are all regulars there.  I liked the character of the diner owner because he had a good heart and was very good to the customers.  It also helped that he was played by John Wayne (yes the same John Wayne who starred in The Magnificent Seven ).   One of my favorite scenes in the film was when the characters were sitting around the table and a drunk guy comes in and starts hitting on the waitress and they all get freaked out. The waitress decides to take a bath and the guy starts trying to take advantage of her by asking her to get naked and they start kissing and touching each other and the waiter comes in at that point and he doesn't like the scene so he leaves the restaurant.  Then a couple of the characters try to make the guy pay for his actions by getting him drunk and then they try to force him to take off his clothes and he is too drunk to do that and he goes back to his booth and the waitress has a heart attack.  In the end of the movie the guy pays for his mistake and is sent back to work.  Overall I liked this movie a lot and I would like to see a remake. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I saw it last night. I was so entertained and so surprised by the story and the characters. I have a feeling that the whole movie is a commentary on religion and the way the Christian God is portrayed. It is not a bad movie but I do not like it that much. The ending is too neat and too obvious. I do like the ending of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie with lots of laughs. The plot is very interesting and the character are funny. The director does a good job at showing the different parts of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first act is good. The characters, especially the girls, are so nice and real. I like the fact that there's an evil, malevolent dictator who is the leader of a country, which is controlled by an evil army. It's really fun to see a country in this way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a novel by a guy named Robert Silverberg (or the "Horseman" as I like to call him) which I have read in the past. It is a book about a young horseman and a beautiful woman who is very much into him. There is some kissing in the book but it is not in the movie. I think it would have been better if the movie had been based on the book instead of a movie version of a book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite things about the films of Jim Henson is how they're all so good and so imaginative.  This is one of those.  This is a film that I have been thinking about for years, and I'm finally able to see it.  I am so glad that it has finally made its way to DVD!  I have a couple of comments about it: 1.   I think that I will not have to wait as long to see another movie by Jim Hensons.  This movie is a great example of Jim's talent and versatility, and is a delight to watch.  2.      I don't know how they made this movie look that good.  It looks like an old, dusty movie theater that has been around a long time.  3.  The ending is a good one!  It's one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's like an epic, like a Shakespearean tragedy, like an adventure in the darkest, most obscure corners of the world.   There's some kind of magic in this movie, like in all the best films: the magic is in the combination of the actors, the set design, the editing, and the special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I was born in Detroit in 1942. My father was a mailman and my mother a housewife. I remember my father's old car with the big, heavy doors and the old-fashioned radio with the little round button that says "Play" and a set of metal keys. My mother was a strong woman. She had three sons. They were all strong and hard working men. They would help out around the house and around the farm and they worked hard to make a good living. They always worked hard. My oldest son, Johnny, was born at home. He was four years old when I left Detroit and he grew up in New Jersey. My second son, Billy, was two years old. He grew up and was a great student. I never had any trouble with him. He never did anything wrong. He always worked his hardest and was always on the right side of the law. My youngest son, Ron, was a boy of about ten years old in 1944. He had grown up and now is a good student. When I graduated from high school he was about ten and his mother died when he was six. I have been to visit him many times since then and he is a fine young man. I think he is going to be a good man. His father is now a retired engineer. They live in an old house in a nice section of town. They are a very nice family. I can tell you that my father was very proud of my mother and brothers. My dad was very hard working. He didn't play the lottery and I don't believe he ever did. He made his living doing his job and he was proud of the way he lived his life. He is a very good man, but he has had his share of bad luck. He doesn't deserve the things that have happened to him. I know that my mother never had a bad day. She was a hard worker. She loved her boys and she always was proud. I'm proud of her too. My brothers were all tough men and they loved the work. They made their living doing what they loved. They didn't have time to play and they never took vacations. They lived hard, worked hard and played hard."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is good! The main character, Tatsu, is a high school student who loves to do stuff like making movies. When he gets into a car accident and dies, his friends decide to make a movie to bring his spirit back. Unfortunately, they are only a few of them and Tatsu himself is not a very talented director or actor. I don't know why his friends think he is so great, but I like him anyway. This movie is great fun and a great example of how to do a movie, I especially like how they use old films to tell a story. It is not as exciting as you might think, but it is a good watch!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is about a family in the 1970's, they live in a house on the outskirts of town, they are not rich and they live like poor people.   I thought this was a very interesting story and I liked the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last film of the summer.   I can't believe that I haven't seen this one yet.  I have always wanted to see a film about the life of John Wayne.  This movie is more about John Wayne than it is about his life.  There is a scene in the movie where Wayne and his friend (who also died at the age of 33) are driving through the desert and they see a bunch of kids who are playing football and they are pretty much laughing their asses off.  Wayne gets out of his car and begins to play with the kids, and it is clear that he is a nice guy.  I would have loved to have seen more about Wayne's childhood, because it is pretty much what I remember from being a kid in the 1960s.  The movie has a great cast and I was able to see everyone and talk about them all.  If you love John Wayne, you will love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It was an original idea, with a good script and well-directed by the director and his brother. I don't know what else to say. This movie is worth a watch!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The last time I saw the title character in a movie was in the original, "Crazy Eyes." It was in 1969.   In the original "Cirle" we were introduced to the mysterious, and somewhat bizarre Mr. Houdini. He is a con- man who specializes in the ability to appear to be dead. I'm a sucker for these kind of characters. The story is told through the eyes of a blind violinist, who is a bit of a wannabe, who can only play the viola. His best friend is a man who is blind and deaf, and also plays the violin. The two of them work together in a shop owned by a blind man. He makes things that seem impossible to a man like Houdin- it. One day, Houden- it appears to the blind man that he has a real life opportunity. The blind man is a former circus performer, who has lived a happy life with his wife and children. He goes into a coma from which he does not come out until he is a few years old. The young Houdi- it is able to play his violin without the aid of his hands. The fact that the blind violin pro- fessor plays his violin with his eyes is a little bit of an added bonus. It's a story about a man with a dream. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the movie, and the actors, who are all great, but I don't really like the plot:  The movie has lots of things to say about the war in Vietnam, about American foreign policy, about Vietnam, and about the human condition. But most of all it has a lot to say to the American people about the dangers of being an individualist and an individualistic culture. It has something to say that will disturb people. It is a powerful and poignant movie. It will move people. If you have the heart to watch it you will be moved by it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Last Man on Earth" is a great movie that I recommend everyone to see.  It is a very funny and touching movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a comedy of errors. If you've ever been on a boat cruise and the boat is making a loop around the coast, and you see a small white fish swimming away, you'd think that that's a joke. And if you were a child in the early 1960s and you saw a kid at a playground doing the same, you probably thought it was the funniest thing you'd ever seen. It's not a good joke, but it's a good thing. And it's one of the funnier things ever put on film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a huge fan of the first movie, and even though I was disappointed that the movie had to be so long, I think it's worth the effort.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is set in a rural community. A young man, who looks like a farmer, is murdered in the night by his wife's boyfriend.   The movie is not a typical murder mystery. It's not about who killed the boy, it's about who's to blame. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the great cinematic surprises of the 1980s, "Clueless" is an entertaining, well-acted comedy about a pair of losers who find their way to a nice house. The lead characters are the dregs of society, who are both socially inept and morally reprehensible. Their plan to find the perfect woman involves going around and taking photos of women and putting them in their panties, and this is where the comedy begins. They spend much of the film taking photos in various states of undress. It's not until a random woman comes to the house that the two find their comedic groove. She's pretty much like any other woman in that she's attractive, intelligent, and good-looking. In fact, she's a bit of a whore herself, although it doesn't seem to bother her much. It seems that she and her husband are more into each other than their housekeeper, who is an even more pathetic creature. The movie is a great comedy about two pathetic losers who just can't get laid. It gets worse as it goes along. I never thought I'd be saying this, but "Curious" was much better than "Climax" and I can't imagine why anyone would prefer this movie to either of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this a couple of years ago and have enjoyed it a lot since. I like it when the bad guy wins.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good old fashioned old fashioned family movie. I have seen this movie over and over again and it has never gotten old. The characters are all so likable and so realistic, it is like a family movie you would see at Christmas. This is one of the most memorable family movies I have ever seen. I love it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny.  I mean, it's got a really good script, and I laughed a lot.       The only thing that really makes me laugh is the fact that I can't see my own face in the mirror after I get dressed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been wanting to see this movie for a long time. I remember the first time I saw it. I was a kid then, so it was really funny. I don't remember much about the plot or anything. It was all in my head. It's funny that we are all talking about it and still laughing about it 30 years later. It just makes me laugh that this movie was made 30 years ago. I would say I've seen it at least 5 times now.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A pretty good movie. It's funny, a little sad, and a little violent. It doesn't really do much with its characters except make them more unlikable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a really fun film to watch! It has a lot of heart, humor, and some great acting.   - August 19, 2004Hilarious
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little disappointed with this movie. I had no expectations going into it, and I found it was the opposite. It's funny, but it's a little dry.  Overall:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you have seen the movie "A Hard Day's Night" you will understand the point of this movie. This is a true story of the time between Christmas and New Year and the people who are living in it. It is funny, touching, touching and touching again. It should be seen by everyone, especially the people in the middle of the world who can never see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a nutshell, The Last of Us is a movie about humanity in a post-apocalyptic world. Humanity had survived the outbreak and survived in the most unlikely way; by finding each other. You see a lot of post-humanity in this film. The last survivors were scavenging in a field, when they heard a woman crying out. They looked up to see a woman who had just died. The next scene shows a woman in a wheelchair in the hospital. She looks dead, but her skin has been regenerated by some kind of machine. This machine is used to reanimate corpses. These machines were made by an alien race that came to earth thousands of years ago. We see a few scenes from a world that had been destroyed by a plague that came from space. These creatures were called "the Hunters." They ate humans who had fallen to this plague, then they returned to earth. Humanity is the survivors' only hope.   The Last Of Us is an action-horror film. There are a few horror scenes, but there are also a lot scenes that take place in a world where there are no survivors, just dead people in the streets. The film is very emotional and does a great job at portraying the humanity of the characters. I thought the movie was very realistic. It made me feel like a human being. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen many action movies. There have been a lot of them and I've never seen a good one. I really like the character of Kukl. He is just a good guy. I love the way he talks. He has a great sense of humor. I also like that the whole movie is in a German dialect.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's a very real sense of wonder as the cast from all corners of the globe come together in a very modern and very believable setting to try and stop the world from ending in this apocalyptic scenario. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an interesting one and the cast is good and the story is well done.  It's a little slow at times but overall a good flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very good film, I loved it! The movie is a good mix of comedy, drama and a nice message about a young boy who's not sure how to handle his new found fame. I thought it was very funny!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a beautiful film, but it's hard to imagine how it was filmed. It's like a documentary on an old movie set. It could easily have been a movie made today.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so excited to see this movie.  And then when it came to the end of the film, I was so disappointed that it was over.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie. The acting is great and the movie is well written.   The story is a little slow, but it is really worth watching and worth it's price. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A well-made comedy about two young women who are friends. Their relationship goes awry when the young woman decides to go to England to take up an offer to write a story about her time there. She meets her new friend on the train who she is immediately attracted to. However she has no idea who the man is. She starts to get very bored with the man and it becomes apparent that the man has no respect for her or his friends and is an unrepentant bully. The women are eventually separated and the man returns to the UK with the woman to live with his mother and is seen by his brother, who is also in the same situation as the woman, as a potential father figure.   This film is one of those that have a good mix of humour and heart. It has a great cast and has a happy ending for all concerned.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a huge fan of the first and second films and it was good to see a couple more from this fantastic franchise. The music is great and the action is always great, a perfect combination.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's a moment in the movie where the main character is sitting in a small room with some people in it, and he's talking about how he used to be a real "biker" back in the '70s. The first guy says he can't wait to see this movie again.  I guess I'll have to go back there to find out if that's a good thing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was totally in love with the film   but it was way too long. It didn't help that the characters were all ridiculous and the writing was bad.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are two kinds of people in this world: those who watch a movie and those who don't. And in the latter category there are two types of people: the ones who don�t think they are watching a movie, and the ones to whom a movie is just another excuse to see the next one. There is no difference between this movie and the previous one. You may not be a film buff, but you know how to enjoy the ride.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen a lot of good movies in my life. I have seen the last part of a trilogy (that should have been two). I have watched a few films that were in bad taste, but at least they made you laugh. I think this film will make you laugh as well as cry. The writing is really good. It's about a guy who lives in a small town and who lives a little too close to the law. I like that it was filmed in New England. The acting was good and the story is well done. I really enjoyed it. I recommend it to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last time I saw the guy I didn't have a good time. I thought he was annoying and a little obnoxious. I'm glad I came out of that experience.  He's a very talented actor.  He's an excellent comedian.  I hope to see him again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie starts with a nice long intro and the opening credits are good and dramatic. The movie does a great job with it. The first part is a little slow, but it picks up and by the end of the movie it is good, fast paced and well written.    I give this a 6.4 out of 10  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so into this movie, but the best thing about it is that there are so many people in the film. It's like a scene from "The Day the Earth Stood Still." Everyone gets in on the act, and everyone is acting like an idiot. But that's just the fun of it. This is a movie I wish I could have made. It is a good film, and the cast, especially John Travolta, are all wonderful. I would love to see this one again, but I know I will have to wait for a DVD release. - July 18, 2008Worth every penny!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. The script and the acting were excellent, and the setting was so realistic and believable that I really felt like I was living in this world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a pretty good movie, it has a good ending, there is some nice acting and I like the ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good film, it is very funny, and very original.    My rating:  The stars: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was surprised by this one.  There's something about the movie that makes it interesting.    I mean it's a great movie.  It's a very well-acted movie, with great dialogue and a good story.  The movie was well-done, and the acting was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot is well thought out and is well acted. I would recommend this movie for fans of sci-fi and suspense.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie that really is the greatest thing to ever come out of the west, and the west is my favorite movie ever.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about an old woman who comes to the city and is very upset about her son dying. She decides to move to the countryside and be a farmer. She finds that the farmers don't take kindly to old women, so she moves to the nearest town. There she meets a boy who she finds interesting and she gives him her old farm and a job as a clerk in a tavern. Then things begin to go wrong. The boy is very nice and does things for her. But she doesn't like it and tells him to leave. Then the boy starts to be a little odd and strange. He talks to the old women in a strange voice and has strange ideas. Then she starts to see things, like faces and the world spinning around her. Then he gets drunk, and starts talking to the dead, talking about them dying and being buried in the graveyard. The old woman is not sure she can trust him. But things don't seem to be going his way and the boy is having a hard time. Then a big bad storm comes and the whole village is buried under water and drowned. It's not good, but it's a good old movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen this movie several times now, and I have always had a great time. This is a great story, and it does not disappoint. I always think of this movie when I'm watching a good episode of "Beverly Hills 90210".  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and have seen it a few times, always with a large group of friends.  This movie was shot during a football game at Stanford University, the game was played by the Stanford Cardinal football team.    I can't tell you what the cameo was for this movie because they played all the same musical pieces.      If you want to watch a great football movie with a good cast and fun characters you have to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very fun little comedy about a man who loves his job. He does well at it, though, because it involves a lot of pranks, and he's a very good prankster.   This is an entertaining movie with a bit of a twist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure there are many who didn't like this movie, but I did. It's not a good comedy, but it is a good, fun movie. It starts off pretty much how you'd expect it to: a high school reunion in the basement of the school. And then... a train crashes into the school, and the survivors are forced to escape on a train. It looks like the train is a bad movie. I guess I should just stop there. The movie has no good points and I would rather watch a good one, than watch a bad one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My husband and I are fans of this movie. It is a great adventure movie that I found enjoyable.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is told with some of the greatest dramatic performances that I have ever seen in my life. There are a lot of "gags" in this movie that will make you laugh but it is well made and very enjoyable. The ending was very unexpected and the characters were all so realistic. I would recommend this movie to any serious fan of the old movies!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first foray into the world of horror, and it was a success! I was very surprised by the intensity of the visuals. The sound was good, not great, but good enough for what I wanted to accomplish with it. The story was good. The characters were well written and acted. I liked the twist ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie! It's about a guy who has a crazy wife. I had to watch it twice just to make sure he really was crazy.   This is a really funny movie! The guys are great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is very different from the comic book, but it's still pretty fun.   It's got a lot of good character moments, but the comic is very good, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most realistic portrayals of life as an African American that I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting little movie that takes you back in time to a time before the invention of the movie camera. The story is told through a series of vignettes, all set in the same hotel, that seem to be a combination of old and new movies.  The film is told in flashback, which is a neat idea.  The film is a little slow going, and there is a bit of a lull in the middle. But when the movie really starts to get going, it is as if the filmmakers went out of their way to make the film as good as it could be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a great movie, and a good ending. I would recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to see a movie with a great soundtrack. This movie has that.  The soundtrack is great and it has a great story.  I would recommend this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening title sequence is a perfect piece of work, a little bit of humor, a bit of mystery, and a bit more romance. I loved it.   This is a wonderful movie and a wonderful time to be alive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of old-school horror movies. I always like seeing the classics like Rosemary's Baby, House on Haunted Hill, The Shining, and The Exorcist. There are just some great horror films from that era that are very hard to find. This one is great! I always thought the script was very interesting and thought the movie would be great. It was great. The performances are top notch. The cinematography is great, the lighting is great. I was so pleased.  I really enjoy watching old horror movies and this one is an excellent one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. It is not a science fiction movie, but rather a "good" film. The special effects are good, and the story is good. The acting is good, especially the main actor. The ending is good and the movie is short enough that it could be easily enjoyed by all. It also has a "futuristic" look.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a blast to watch and one of the best movies ever made.  It has a lot of fun and is a blast from beginning to end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film's first act is pretty typical of the films of its genre. We see the family (the children and the mother) living in a small house in the country. It's very unassuming but there's enough charm and natural beauty to make the film a nice relaxing experience.  As we get to the second half, we see the parents get a divorce and the father moves into the house with his new wife. We follow them around and we see a lot of ups and downs in their marriage.   The film is a pretty good film. It has a great balance of humor and heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very interesting and has a good plot. The acting is good and the music is great.  I think the film has a strong theme about what you get when you combine two things that don't usually mix together, so I'd recommend it to people who like sci-fi movies with a good story and great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I've said before, it's a good old fashioned western, with plenty of action, humor, and romance.  In a way it's very similar to one of my favorite westerns, The Searchers.  The music is also very similar.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has a story that doesn't go nowhere, which is a rare thing for a movie to do, but the fact that it does is what really makes it great.   The plot is a bit predictable, but it's what makes it so great. The only problem is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this movie. The movie was made in the 1950's, so it is a bit dated. But the movie is good. The actors and actresses did a good job. They did a fine job, I give them all 5 stars.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this film on a college campus, with about a thousand students there, and one of them was a man who seemed to me a perfect choice for the role of Professor. I had seen The Faculty and The Magician, and I liked the latter, but I thought the two parts were different enough. So I was hoping to find out whether Professor MacGuffin had the same quality that I loved in those other two films.    This is a good film, a good story, and a good cast of actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is one of those films which has a strong message and is a film that will surely touch the hearts of the viewers.   I would not say this is the best film in the series but it is the film which is most likeable and is one that I would definitely recommend to those who like films with a message and are in need of a little relaxation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As an original and interesting concept, The Incredibles is a good, funny movie. It's like a cartoon where you're not sure what's real and what's a dream.   I enjoyed the movie.  I think I've been watching more and more Disney movies recently. This one in particular seems to be one of the better ones. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great, realistic look at the lives of four high school students, who are all struggling with their lives. They are all in their first year of high school, and they are all doing very well. It is really quite interesting to see them as they do everything they can to be popular, such as partying, drinking, and smoking. I like the way that they are trying to find a way to become popular. But they have to overcome the obstacles in their lives to do so. I think that this movie would be more effective if they had gone in a different direction. I don't think that the film is a masterpiece, but it is a fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that this movie is good and fun.   The story is about a young boy who is adopted by a family that has a dog that they call "Sissy."   His mom is a bad cook and she always gets him mixed up with the wrong people.  He runs around town and sees a girl who is a tomboy and a good fighter.  Sissy is very brave and good at what she does.  I have to say that the voice actors are great!   If you like a good story with some action, I think you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   The opening sequence is a lot of fun:  The film has some interesting concepts and a fun cast. It's also a great action film that's not for the faint of heart.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was one of the most well done action movies in a long time. The action is amazing, the CGI is top notch, the story is a great one, the characters are all great, and the story twists at a very interesting pace. It's a movie that I'm very happy I watched and I'm sure it will be watched again. It has a very good sense of humor, a story that is not too bad, a great cast of actors, and a really good action scene. I think I'll probably see this movie again, and probably again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... a movie that is so good it's almost impossible to describe how much I loved it.   I would say that the movie is a cross between "Jaws" and "The Birds."   It is a story about a man who has no family and who becomes one when he marries his sweetheart and starts to have children.  He tries to make a life for himself, but when his wife leaves him for another man, he decides to start living alone.  The movie has a great story line, good acting and a wonderful ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty decent film with an interesting premise. I enjoyed the movie a lot. It was funny, well acted and had a very original premise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am really not a big fan of the James Bond movies (the first was OK, the third was soooo bad, and I don't think the fourth will ever be good) but this one was pretty good, even if I am a big James Bond fan and this was the first Bond film to take place in a European country.   This is the first of a new series of movies and I have to say that it is better than the first two Bond movies.  It has a lot more humor and a lot less spy stuff.  This was a lot better than Die Another Day.  In fact, it was better than almost any of the previous Bond movies, except for the first, and for that reason it is a must see movie.  This movie was good: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . . The most unique movie I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie and the story it tells. There is a lot of mystery and I like it. I'm very curious about what happens to the woman and to her children, and why the men in this town never did anything about it. It also has a great ending that I think was really appropriate for the time. I think it was just the right ending for the kind of movie it was. I can see it in my mind's eye now.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a good example of how the horror genre can be done right.   The movie is scary in that it is not just a traditional horror film but is something much more.  The film follows a man who is haunted by the dead woman he's killed.  He is trapped in a house by a family who seem to be in a constant state of paranoia.  It is not until the end that the real horrors begin to unfold.  A good example for horror in all its forms. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie.  It was well acted and well directed.  One of my favorite horror movies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good old fashioned tale of love and betrayal, set in the Old West and a town named Giddings, and it's a film that just has so much heart.  The performances are all excellent, and the dialogue is spot on.  This film is a Western classic.    Giddings was a small, rural town in the middle of nowhere.  The people were mostly farmers, some who lived off the land and a few who worked on a farm in the town.  It was a sleepy little town with a little history, and a lot of secrets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a fan of the genre, you should probably be a fan for life of this movie.   It's like watching a kid at his first wrestling match.  From start to finish the movie is hilarious.  And that's a good thing.  There are some parts where the jokes don't work, but they are usually a result of the lack of jokes.  But it doesn't matter because it's fun.  I don't know why everyone loves wrestling movies, but I do.  If this is your first wrestling movie then go see a real wrestling movie instead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A really great movie! A must see.   I think that I am very lucky to have seen this movie. It has all the charm of a good play and is so realistic that you feel you are actually there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a soft spot for the original Star Wars, but it has a bad habit of being a bad movie in this franchise.   It was released in May of 1977.  It has the same old "sneaky" plot with lots of references to the original trilogy and it does not feel fresh.  However it has some of the best effects I have ever seen.  The special effects are all top notch and the costumes are great.  If you want a Star Wars movie with some really good effects and a great soundtrack, then this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very excited to get my hands on this movie, it was such a fun, silly, fun and silly movie, I really like it. It's also very funny, and really great to watch a young movie star in a good role.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I watched this movie I thought it was funny. I'm not a huge comedy guy but I was entertained by the film. I'd give it a 9 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I heard that this movie was based on a true story, I thought it was going to be a lot of nonsense and bad acting.  The story of a gang of three black teenagers who steal cars and commit petty crimes and then kill their "friend" who is a white cop and a black guy who is really a white guy in disguise.    This is one of the worst movies ever made.  It is all bad acting and bad music, with the only good part being the "tribute" to the "Crazy Horse" song.  I don't even think the movie is that bad, I found it to be good for a laugh, and I know that I'm not alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A well-acted movie that features lots of great performances and a lot of fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film about the power of human desire. The film is shot in the style of a '50s noir film and the story is very intriguing.   I am a fan of the '50's noir style and I can tell you that this film has a very strong vibe to it.  I hope to see this film in the near future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only problem I have with this movie is that the soundtrack doesn't do it justice.  I think the film does a very good job of making the audience feel the urgency of what is going on around them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A classic, a classic from the beginning. It's like a classic movie with a different cast. A bit of a mess. It might be a little cheesy, but the story is really good. It reminds me of the old Westerns, with a few of the original bad guys, and a very well-acted John Wayne.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was the first film in a new series of films which were meant to be "action films" but they didn't seem to be as "action" as I thought they would be. They were more like "action thrillers" and I thought that they didnít have the "real" feel that I had expected.   The main character is a young man called "Frog" who is trying to get revenge on the people who killed his brother.  He has a motorcycle that is not as good as it looks.  When he meets a girl named "Mack" and she introduces him to "Mr. Big," a powerful mob boss who has a plan to get back at Frog for the death of his brother and to take revenge for the man who killed Frog's brother. There were some interesting situations. The bad guy had a dog which he would attack frogs who would get hit and killed. This dog would also be killed.  I thought the film did a good job of showing the different ways of getting back at someone and the different methods of killing someone. I think it was a good idea to do this film and I like the fact that it was made in the 1960's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always loved the original movie and thought it was an excellent movie that was made in a relatively short period of time. It's the only movie of the original Star Wars trilogy that is good enough to watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an awesome one. I really like this movie. I have seen it several times.  It's a little bit slow, but that's how you have to treat it.  The first thing you do is you watch the movie.  You get to see what it is like.   It's really nice.    It's a movie about an alien who lives in the sea, he lives on a small boat, and he goes out there and fishes.  He has to fight against a lot of things.  This is an interesting movie. The only thing I don't like is that the film is a bit slow.  I love slow films.  There are a lot things going on in this movie that are really interesting and I don 't like that slow pace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that makes you appreciate the work of the best directors. It's a movie where you have to wonder why the director chose not to shoot the action from the top of the mountains and then from the middle of a forest, but from the bottom of a river. It would have been better to have the action take place in the mountains or in the forest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say that this movie is a great movie, with a good plot, and a good ending. It is a bit cheesy but it is good, and it is funny.   This is a movie that you could watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the movie is pretty straightforward.  You have an overweight, unemployed, father (Bill Murray) and his son (Marlon Brando).  It's a pretty typical movie about a father and son and they try to get a job as a carpenter and mason.      They don't do very well at either job.  It seems to be that the father is never really happy with his son.  His temper gets him in a lot of trouble and the son's attitude and behavior make it all the more difficult for the father to love him.  When the father and his wife (Mae West) move to a new home, the son is a little upset.  But, when he gets to know the new house better, he finds that his father is happy to be there.  The movie ends with a nice joke about a dog that eats his father.  I like this movie a lot.  This is not the type of movie that I would have watched in high school but it is pretty good to see.  There are a lot more things to be said about it and I will certainly be watching it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't have high expectations going into this movie.  This movie is basically a film by Steven Spielberg.    And it is amazing!   It is a very enjoyable movie.    I loved the story of the movie. I love Spielberg a lot and this is the best movie he ever made.  I'm giving this movie 4 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's not a perfect movie. There are a lot of cliches in it. But it is still a good and good-looking movie. I liked it, and I hope it gets a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first "serious" movie. The script is very clever and witty, and the actors do a very good job. The director was a good one too, he took the story from his own experience, and made it into something much more interesting than you'd expect.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good film. The plot is good, the acting is good and the music is nice.   I found myself in a lot of trouble and there are some good laughs in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most memorable part of this movie is the ending, which I'm glad to say is a good one. The story of how a little boy finds a baby's eye on the side of a road is very touching and is probably the reason this film is so well known. I don't know why people hate it, but it is just a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie that has a fun twist at the end.  The film has a good pace and the story is fairly good, though it is not the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The one movie I can think of that I'm proud of that was released in the 1980's was The Three Stooges.  As a kid I was a huge fan of the Stoog's, so when I discovered they had a cartoon series, I was ecstatic.   The movie has the classic comedy duo of Stooge and the Stoogey, and a great supporting cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the few movies that really impressed me. It is a good film, very enjoyable and interesting. It has the potential to be great. The only thing that could be improved upon is the acting and some of the plot twists.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice and entertaining movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I are in love with this movie. We were watching it at a dinner party and all the people in the room were saying "oh, the movie is so good. I don't even remember the last time I saw it." So it's nice to see it again after all these years.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was surprised at how good this movie is! I always thought that movies with such strong black lead characters like  The Last Temptation of Christ  would always be the same. It's a very well done movie and I'm not sure how the producers could have made it better. I liked the character of James because he seemed to be trying to do what is right and was able to accomplish it. I would like to see more black leads in the movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie in a dimly lit theater, in a foreign country. This movie, is very much a classic film, and a very good one.   The story of the movie, in its entirety, was good, even if it is somewhat difficult to follow.  A small group of people, living in a small town, are trapped in a very dark place.  It was nice to see a different kind of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those rare films that makes me laugh out loud! It's the story of a poor guy who wants to buy some land, but can't afford it. His neighbor is very rich, and is selling land that is worth thousands, but this is not enough for the poor guy. So he hires a guy to dig up a hole and fill it with water. The poor guy is so happy to get the land he can afford it and get it back to his neighborhood. However, he digs it up and it falls down, and he is very disappointed! However, the poor guys friend, a very good fisherman, wants to make a fortune out of it, so he gives it to him. He is very happy and does not know that this will affect him as he is only a small fisherman! However this will make him rich!   The poor guys fish and he fishes and he makes money. Well the other guy, his son, and a couple of other people come and help him. Well they are all poor people and they are trying to dig a small hole to make money. They dig a hole about 4 feet deep. Well, a few days go by and they have dug a hole. It's now been about 2 weeks and they get up every day. But it's not big enough for a small boy to fit in, so they are getting ready to move it. Well one day they get a big gopher and a squirrel and they throw the whole thing out! Now they have a big hole, and they start digging and a few weeks go by. Well about a month go by when they come out of the hole and they find a man's body in the bottom of the water!  The poor guy doesn't know what to think of it.   And the other two people in the boat are dead as well!  It's then revealed that they are the men who dug the hole!  But that is a big problem for the people, because now they don't have any land to sell, so the poor people are forced to dig another hole and try to sell it. So they go back to the man who was digging the first hole, but he doesn't want to be a part of this anymore. So the poor man and the other poor man go to a very nice and big city and try again, and again, until they find the man that was buried in the hole. But they have found the man!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a movie buff by any means, and my last movie was the remake of a bad movie  - I can't imagine it being anything other than a bad film, but it was so bad that I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a horror fan you'll like this movie. I've seen a lot of scary movies in my life, and this one definitely stands out for its atmosphere and the fact that it's actually scary. It's not particularly scary, but it's not completely mundane either.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been looking forward to this film for a long time. I was also looking forward because it was being made by an all-star cast that included Christopher Walken, who is one of my favorite actors. I didn't know he was available until I went to the movie's official website and I saw a picture of him and I just had to see him. He is an actor that has a great sense of humor, he is a good actor and he can do a lot of different roles. I found him to be a very sweet man and I liked him so much I wanted to kiss him. I wish I had more time to watch this film because I can't wait to see how it ends.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good action flick.   The plot is simple:  A Russian mafia boss named Vlad is on a killing spree.  He has been hired to kill a young woman named Mariko, who is pregnant.  Vlad has been given a date:  November 21st, the date is a Saturday and he has a big day planned.  However, Mariko's family is about to have a big surprise for him:  A bunch of young men are going to ambush his car and kill him.  The men will not wait for the car to pull away:  They'll shoot him in the street before the car leaves.  So the next time you're in a Russian restaurant and they announce that the Russian mafia is coming:  Just go and take a seat!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - A great movie from beginning to end! -  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice little movie that's worth seeing if you have an interest in a classic, noir, no doubt, but it's good. It's a little bit over the top, but the story's simple enough. The director's got some good ideas about the noir noir genre, but he doesn't over do it, and the action is quite entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie. It's a nice mix of action and humor.  The cast is amazing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film's director, Tim Burton, was born in 1947, and he was also a talented child actor.  He played a child on the TV series, Barney Miller.  He was a very funny and charming guy.   There is a nice scene with him and his friends at the beach, but I think that the movie would be better with a couple of the kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a masterpiece. I'm glad I watched it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title is a little silly, but the film's concept is very clever.  The plot is fairly basic--a man with no money travels around the country to find a bride, and his wife.  It's a pretty standard love story with some very funny lines.   I have no idea what the woman is doing in the kitchen, but it's entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great!  I enjoyed it!    The story was interesting and the actors were great!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking forward to seeing this movie and I have to say it did not disappoint. I'm not sure what it is about the film, I mean it was a pretty bad movie to begin with. But then the story gets very interesting after a while and the ending was brilliant. It was definitely a must see for the old school horror fan.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not going to review a movie that I've seen once, I'm going to do it again and this time, I will have my cake and eat it too.  The thing about this movie is that you can see how much I like it when I first watched it.  The characters are all very likable, the acting is great, the story is great and the direction is perfect.  It's really a movie you need to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -I am so glad I found this movie! It is an excellent film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film was good. It was really fun to watch. It has great effects and really good plot. It is a bit cheesy, but then again, it is a cheesy movie. It's great to see people get a laugh out of something as cheesy as a monster movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is told from the point of view of the "soul" of a girl named Rhea who was born with the "incurable disease" of being unable to die. After her father's death, she is taken in by the wealthy Mr. Smith and becomes his mistress. She has a child, a daughter, who is brought up by the woman's brother. One day, a mysterious person visits Rhea and threatens her life. After finding a way to kill the "demon" of the girl, Rhea is left with a choice: either to return to her old life or to live with the man who had abandoned her.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people complain about how long the movies are. I mean this in the best possible way. This is an incredibly well made movie, with a great storyline. The first half is very much like the opening scene in the movie. You have a beautiful blue sky, and a quiet and serene town with people walking their dogs or in the park. There's a lovely, quiet life here. Then it gets dark, and you see the darkness, and hear the screaming. There are a lot of deaths here, and they're very bloody. There is a lot to look at, and there's a lot in it to enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure that most people watching this movie will agree that it is well-acted, but there is one scene that I think is so ridiculous, that I'm surprised that no one else has noticed it.  The movie starts with a scene in which a group of girls are going to get into a car for a drive, and we see one of them looking over a shoulder at a boy who is standing next to the car.  "It's not a big deal, he's only ten years old." The boy, we learn later, is the son of a rich farmer.  He is on his way home to his mother, who lives a couple of miles away.  It is a rainy night.  And then a kid gets into the car and the driver gets out to see what is going on.  The boy looks to be about 10 or 11 years old.   I don't know why, but I found this scene to be quite hilarious.  I have to say that the only way I can imagine this scene playing out is if the farmer's wife were to pull a little girl into the back seat of the car with her and the farmer and his wife were talking about how they couldn't get over how they love the little girl and she would not be allowed to go to the farm until she was old enough to ride a horse.  (I hope this movie wasn't supposed to be funny).  A very funny scene, and one that I can't see how anyone would have been offended by. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a comedy, so that is something you may not expect from a horror movie, but it is.  The story follows a couple who are being stalked by a crazy old man, who claims that they are possessed by a demon.    This is a movie with a lot of funny scenes, some funny characters, and a plot that is a lot more interesting than most horror movies are.  It is not a horror, it is not even a horror comedy.  The movie is good enough to keep you entertained for a long time.  I give this movie a 4 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good film!  I'm not sure I'll ever watch a film with such a clear idea of what it's trying to say, but I think it manages it pretty well.  This is a very different sort of movie from the others I've seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film so much that I didn't even watch the first part of it.  It was great and so is the film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be very good. There were many things that I loved in this movie. First of all the music was very good, it really made me feel that we are going to be in a dangerous place at some point. Then the story is interesting, I enjoyed it a lot. The ending was very sad.  I think it was a very good movie, I'd like to see more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie.   I have never heard of the author, I have no idea if it is a true story or not, but it was a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself is not bad at all. It is a very funny movie about a man who finds out that his wife has been cheating on him with her boss, and he decides to go to a small town where he meets a girl that looks just like his wife and his boss is his wife's brother.   I don't think this movie has much of a story, but the jokes are good, and the actors all do a great job.  If you like this movie, check out the sequel: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but this one has a good mix of action and horror, plus the great special effects.   It's really scary when you're trapped in a room with a killer!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and I can see why it is popular, as it features a very likable lead, a very fun action-adventure-comedies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie.   The story line is great, the characters are great, and the ending was great.  It was a good, good film, that will leave you with a smile on your face. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a little disappointed by this movie. It has good characters, and a pretty good storyline. But, it has a couple of plot holes, a lack of imagination, and no real suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like good old fashioned fun, this movie is for you.   The story follows a gang of outlaws, the Wild Bunch.  The Wild Bunks are on a wild killing spree in the small town of Grapeland, Georgia.  They are headed by a wild-looking man who has a big, red nose.  He is the head of a local crime family called the Red Foxes.  All of the townspeople know that they are not to mess with the Wild Boar and the Wild Rat, or the Wild Dog.  When the Wild Foxes run into trouble, they turn to a former gang member to help them.  It's a long story, but the end is always worth the waiting.  A movie that has fun with the bad boys and the good guys. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first thing that struck me was that the movie was shot at a time of peace between the two countries. This is a film that is all about friendship and it is a very moving movie. I hope that there will be a sequel and I am sure it will be even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is pretty much a modern day retelling of an old fairytale. The movie starts with a typical fairytales scene. A fairy takes a young man to her home and gives him a kiss on the cheek and then tells him a long story about a little girl who lived a long time ago and was trapped by a wicked witch who killed her friends. The fairy then shows the young man a strange book, and he reads it and is shocked at what he reads. The story tells of a great warrior who has won many battles and has become the king of a land called Avalon. The king gives his daughter to the warrior, and the king asks him to make the warrior a queen. The young man asks to be the queen, but the king tells him that the king will not give his daughter up, but that he must marry the girl he has been given. He goes out to the battle field and asks to meet the princess, but he is told that the princess has gone to find her brother, who has been captured by a pirate. The little girl has gone out to find him, and then she runs into the pirate. As they are fighting the pirate, she gets caught in a net and the pirate lets her go. When she comes back to her kingdom, the king and the princess are angry at her and ask her to go back and get her brother. She runs to the forest and finds a snake, and when she tries to bite the snake, the snake grabs her and bites her to death. She then cries out in grief and pain and dies. The next morning, a young boy comes to the king, and tells him what happened. The prince comes to Avalon and tells the king about his princess. The queen agrees to marry him and gives her name as Isabella, after Isabella of France. The other fairies and princesses come to congratulate him, but they find that the prince has not come back. When they go to the castle to find out where he is, they find his castle burned to the ground, and they find only a skeleton. The skeleton tells them that his sister has been kidnapped by a knight and must be returned to him. The knight comes to him, kills the skeleton, and takes Isabella away. When the king hears this, he goes out in search of Isabella. He finds her dead body, and sees that the skeleton is wearing the armor of the knight who killed him. He takes the armor and
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A couple of years ago, a small town in Michigan got the opportunity to show their talent and hard work in a regional contest. Their show was called "The Biggest Little Town in the World" and it consisted of a variety show, a pageant and a car show. The contest had three judges. The first judge was a local woman who looked like a blonde with blue eyes. The other two judges were two brothers, both in their late 40's, and both in full black regalia.   It was pretty funny watching the two judges debate the merits of different vehicles.  The car show had the best cars in the town.  I didn't get to see the contest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie.  It's a fun movie to watch, and the comedy is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film does not waste any time with it's story and it's characters. It starts off in a similar way as most movies do with the guy who gets killed by a train. But this guy is not dead, he just gets stuck in the body of a young girl and he gets to meet her and her friend as well. But I am getting ahead of myself. This movie does a good job of introducing the characters and it is interesting to watch the story unfold. But it is not the only story in this movie. It also has a love story and a murder mystery and I have to say that I am glad that I have seen this movie because it was very interesting. I would like to see more of this movie and I am sure that there is a sequel that is going to be released soon.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. I really did. I felt like I was actually watching a movie about people who love their jobs. It was an entertaining movie, but it did a great job of making me feel like I actually knew these people. It is a pretty good movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you've never seen it, and you haven't seen it long enough, I'll give it you:  It is a good film, but it has some flaws:  The characters are pretty uninteresting and the story is basically the same from start to finish.  The music is okay, but I never get tired of the opening title sequence.  I'm sure this film is better than the remake it's based on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty good movie. I am not much of a sci-fi fan and this movie was not very bad. The story is a little confusing at first, but it's not hard to figure it out.   The movie is a nice blend of action, mystery and sci- fi. The main character is a young man who finds himself on the side of the good guys.  He is working with a very dangerous enemy.  The action is great, even if the villain isn't very exciting.  I would like to see a remake of this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  You should never look at a black man with a gun and see a hero. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm so glad that I got to see this movie again. It was the first time I ever saw the "Wolverine" series, and it was great! I thought this movie was so awesome! I wish I could see more of it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is about a kid who is a victim of bullying by his schoolmates. They throw stones at him, threaten him, make fun of him. This is all pretty bad stuff. But at the end, the kid does something very heroic. He runs away from school and gets a job in a circus. In his spare time, he goes around the city and collects all the rocks that are thrown at him. And that's when it becomes really good. The movie is a story of revenge. In the end he gets a huge stone, and throws it at the school where he was bullied. In that big stone is a note that says: "I am not a bully." That's all I can say about the movie. It's just about a little kid, a kid in a clown costume. He goes out into the streets and he collects the stones that are being thrown at his head. It has some really good performances, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not the greatest, but it is the best, most interesting movie I have ever seen. It is an odd, funny, touching movie that will leave you with many memorable quotes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must-see movie!   It was a very good film, I have to say.   I loved it!  The movie had good story and good characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about a bad guy, who gets his comeuppance in a very bad way.  He does everything to make sure that the girl he wants doesn't come into his life.    He goes to the police station with the intention of filing a false report that his daughter is missing.  He is given the choice of either going to jail or having sex with her in a prison shower.  If you don't know what the shower is then you will have to read the book.  I won't spoil the movie for you so you can see it and make up your own mind about it.  But if you are a big fan of Michael Crichton then this is a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A classic film about a boy who loses his father to a murder and has to raise himself.   The first few minutes of the film are great.  It's a nice, well-made film that has great character and story.  The film is full of humor and has a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is one of those movies that you watch on a Sunday morning and don't look back for another movie until the next Sunday morning. It is the perfect mix of action, comedy and romance that makes it a must see movie for everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title says it all:  What can I say, it's just another great movie from an all-time great director.   It's just a good old fashioned movie, full of action, fun, and laughs, the characters are all great, and the music is fantastic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid film that has some good action and interesting characters.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:        My second trip to L.A. in a week. My second time with the guy who actually has the real story. He did it right the first time.   I found this movie quite good. It's a story about a woman's life, and about how she is able to navigate through it. It also features some great performances from the men.  I can't really remember much about this movie. I guess I liked it because it had something that I was looking for. It had a strong story, and great characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   This is a really good movie that gives a really realistic portrayal of what it is like living in a war zone. It is not the most exciting movie, but the real emotions are present and the story is interesting. I give this movie a 7/10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little film about a man who has to fight against the authorities to save his daughter from a kidnapping, which leads to a lot of action.     It is a bit slow but the action is quite good and a lot better than your average action film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of The Man Who Would Be King is a classic of Western cinema. The film starts with an ex-cons convict, Billy Budd (Richard Widmark), going to prison after a murder he committed. After he is sent to jail, Billy is transferred to the new prison at San Francisco's Rockridge Prison. When Billy gets there, he discovers that the prison guards are brutal and mean and that they make fun of him in front of the other inmates. He becomes an inmate and soon meets another convict, "Jack" (David Niven), a former circus acrobat who has been arrested for a murder. Billy tries to convince Jack to join him in the circus, but Jack refuses and escapes. Billy follows Jack and eventually finds out that he is going to be the next King of California. After a long and hard fight, Billy finally defeats Jack and becomes the new King of San Francisco.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little worried about this one after seeing the trailer, because it seemed to be based on a story by a horror writer.  That is, a guy who writes horror stories and sells them on a website. Â But I'm glad that they went to the effort of making this movie.    The movie starts with a couple of people watching a horror movie on a couch.  One of them turns to the other and says "this is my favorite horror movie."  "Yeah," the other says. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to give this one five stars.    I don't want to spoil anything, but you have to watch this movie before you watch it.  This movie is one of the best I have ever seen.  The story is so unique that I had to see it again to be sure.  I found the characters and the story very well-written.  You don't see this kind of thing a lot in movies.  A great movie for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Hair"   I didn't really care for this movie. I was hoping it would have been an adventure with a twist like the movie was supposed to be, but it didn't have a twist, it didn' t have a story. The only thing that kept it from being a complete waste of time is that it has a couple of really nice actors in it, such as Bill Murray and Robin Williams.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is the typical fantasy story with a few twists. I was surprised by how much the movie didn't seem like a fantasy story at all. This is not a fantasy movie at all but more of a science fiction movie. The science fiction part I can't say much about but it's not as bad as I thought it was. The characters are all very interesting and the story was interesting enough for me to continue to watch it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie!   It's a little slow and a little dull, but then the last 10 minutes are just incredible!  I love a good comedy and this one is a winner! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie a lot, it's very simple and a good laugh. It has the right balance of humor and violence. It's an enjoyable watch, I like how the girls are not afraid to get naked.    The best part about this movie is the little girl that's on the bus that gets her legs broken. It was very funny, and the end credits were great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of great actors are in this movie, some really great ones. And I'm really happy to say that it was all a good idea. But it's not all that bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie about a group of guys who play basketball in a very dangerous place. The movie was shot in the '70s and has a strong 80's vibe to it. I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not a big fan of the Twilight movies, but I do love this movie. I like that it takes the horror genre and turns it into a fun romance. It's pretty good, if a bit slow at times.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "It's hard to be a bad guy, or a bad girl." -- Tony Soprano   I'm a sucker for a good mystery. I'm also a sucker to watch good movies, and to have them make me think. This movie makes me think about the meaning of life. I don't think about life as a whole, I think about it as a series of events. It makes you ponder life, and the meaning behind life. The movie is good, it makes you think, and it makes me want to go on a road trip.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I don't like how he was going to have to use his wife to distract people from the bad stuff he was doing, but she wasn't as good as he hoped." - Peter S. Beagle
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was a decent enough flick. It had a few funny parts, but nothing too spectacular. The movie was also very slow at the beginning. It would take about 3-4 hours to complete the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, well-written story, about a girl who finds a way to escape the clutches of the evil witch and the monsters. I thought the ending was a little abrupt. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the more original, entertaining, and well-acted movies I've seen in a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only thing that I was disappointed with was the fact that we had to wait so long for this movie.  It's a movie that I would love to see.  I hope to see it again sometime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a remake of an old French movie "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy". I haven't seen it yet, but this film is similar. It has a very good storyline with a nice story line. I really enjoyed this movie, and I wish they would remake this movie sometime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't recommend this movie enough. This is a movie that is well worth your time. It is well acted and the movie is great. The story is good and the ending is amazing. It's an enjoyable movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was good, but it had problems.  For one, there were a lot of characters and a lot to keep track of.  I'm not going to say that the film was bad, because it was pretty good.  It's just a little bit confusing.  For one, it's hard to know where to even begin with this film.  There's a little girl who runs away from home and gets into trouble with the cops.  Then there's a man who gets into a lot trouble with a gang.   The plot was pretty simple, but the characters are a little hard to follow.  This is a movie where you'll want to watch the whole thing.  5/5
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen many movies in my life, from the big Hollywood ones to the smaller independent movies that I've loved. I was surprised to find that this movie has not only been seen by millions of people all over the world but is now the biggest movie ever made in India. It has been a long time since I saw a film that so impressed me and left me wanting more.   The film is set in the late 1920's and the movie starts with a young man named Keshava (Rishi Kapoor) going on a trek into the Himalayan mountains. He wants to see the Himalayas, to meet the mountains and see the beauty. Unfortunately, he doesn't make it to the mountains, but instead comes across a girl named Parshva (Vera Deva). They go on a romantic date and later in the film, Keshav is left in the care of a local boy named Kalyan (Kunal Khurshed). Kalyann is a great lover, but not a great man. The boy is very lazy and does not take any interest in his duties. Kalyana and Keshva end up spending a lot of time together. Keshvam was written and directed by Vikramaditya Motwane, the director of "Krrishna", "Bharat Mata Ki Jai", "Aagai Ka Ashta", "Lakhna Ki Raat", "Mangalyaan" and "Jeevan Chaliyam".   "Keshava" is an absolute must see!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie.  The characters are great and the plot is interesting, although not overly complicated.  I also found it funny that a little girl was so angry that her parents took away her toys.  "I hate your parents"
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very solid movie. I can't say it's the best movie I've ever seen, but it's certainly one of the better ones I've seen. It's not perfect, but I can see why it is, even though I'm sure it has flaws. I think it's a bit over the top, but at the same time it's realistic, at least to my taste. It doesn't take a lot of guts to be a tough guy. It may be unrealistic, but that's what makes it so good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is well-acted and a lot of fun.  If you like a little bit of violence, a bit of comedy, and a bit o f a lot o f action, then this is the movie for you.    I found myself quite laughing out loud as I watched it, especially during the final chase scene. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love how the movie opens with a shot of the main character, who's about to be killed in the street by a gang of thugs. But a group of friends, the "Bricklayers," come to his rescue, and with them he is rescued from death. He takes off his mask and the gang is shocked to see who it is. And that's all I can say about the movie. It's like a classic "Rambo" or "Die Hard" set in a very modern setting. It has a real sense of humor. It is definitely worth a watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't mind watching this movie, as I thought it was a good idea. The story is good and the acting is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure about this one. I mean, it's a decent film, but that's not why I watched it.   The film is about a couple who are having trouble in their marriage. They both have kids, and their divorce was a nightmare. They live together and have been married for about 5 years. The wife goes out and does everything she can to get back into the marriage, including trying to get her ex-husband to get on the couch again.  I have to say, this is a pretty good film.  It's a little odd to have a father in the film, although I think that's what makes it so funny. I liked the relationship between the two dads. It was a little awkward, but I didn't feel it was going to become awkward any time soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the movie will make you laugh out loud, make you smile, make the tears well up.   A real classic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not just a story about a man's struggle to get by in a difficult job.  The man in the movie is an actual cowboy.  The story begins when a cowboy is shot by an armed robber.    This was a good idea, but there was one big problem.  The director, Peter Himmelstein, is a Hollywood screenwriter, not a cowboy, and he didn't have the ability to get this right.  I'm not sure he had the imagination to think of the right ending.  It's sad that the film ended this way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good and interesting movie. The story is well told and has lots of tension. There are some nice moments in the movie. It was good to see some of the characters we've grown to know so well. It's sad that this is the last movie we see of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:     This is a good comedy and I have seen a lot of it. I have only seen it once, in the 1980's and I am very glad I saw it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie immensely and found it to be very original and well written. The plot was original and was very well thought out and thought out in that there were a lot of characters, but I found myself quite easily getting caught up in the plot line. I didn't really find the acting very bad, it wasn't very good or anything, but it wasn. It wasn't a bad acting job, but a poor acting job.  I also enjoyed the music in the movie quite a bit, it's a nice sound track.  The ending of the movie was good and it was a very good ending to the movie. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to watch a good thriller or thriller with a great plot and excellent acting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  I didn't expect much out of it.  But it was a good enough movie to enjoy!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most underrated movies ever made.   I never understood why it was so popular when it came out.  One can only wonder how many times a film has been shown so many times that it has become like a lost classic.  I always thought that it was a great movie.  A real American film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a bit disappointed that the movie didn't show any of the many places I've visited in Africa. Maybe the film director had some financial trouble. I've also heard that the guy who plays the lead was in the Army and got to see some action. It looks like the film crew didn't get a chance to film all the African scenes they wanted to. This movie is worth watching even if you haven't been to Africa.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Best" is one of the most intriguing and entertaining films I have seen this year. In the beginning it is clear that the film is a parody of the 'Halloween' film of the 1970's. It takes place at a haunted house. As the film progresses we find out that the house is haunted not only by the ghosts of the past but also by the spirits of the present. It is a haunting film. The movie does have a few flaws but overall is a fun film to watch. It has a great cast of actors and some of the best horror film acting I have ever seen.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think you can go wrong with this movie! It is the kind of movie that will keep you going to the end and then you'll feel like you're missing out on something great. I love how the whole movie is based around a story of a man who is a very handsome, but also a very strange person. I am still trying to figure out how to explain this to my son, who is 5 at the time of this movie. It is a story that is so strange, that you will be hooked from the beginning to the very end. It has a very funny ending, and then it leaves you wondering about what you just saw! It makes you think and it makes you feel.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original "Scooby Doo" is the perfect movie to watch with a bunch of friends on a rainy day.  We see how the gang was formed and they are pretty well rounded and likable.    I highly recommend watching this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In an age where we are constantly told to "check our privilege", it is refreshing to see a movie where the white character does not "check his privilege" and is a strong, determined and respected leader.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a boy who goes to the beach with his friends. He is bored and his best friend complains about his job. He wants to quit it but his father tells him that his job is very important to the business and if he wants to succeed, he should work harder. He tells him to go to the gym and work hard. They all go to a gym. The gym owner is an ex-smoker who wants to stop smoking. He takes a bunch of cigarettes to his favorite spot and lights them up. The boy and his friends are walking through the sand and all the cigarette butts are floating around. The son and his friend say they will catch all the butts. They start walking in a circle and they walk until they get to the butt. They say that they won't be going to the toilet in their shorts, but they have to pee and all they have is their underwear on. They go to their parents and ask them if they want to pay for it. They explain that they didn't want to pee in their underwear and now they have had to pee all over their clothes. They have to pay $20 and they give it to them. They don't want a lawyer, they want them to pay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first and the only movie I have seen in the last year or so where I did not have to worry about a single thing, and that is an achievement!   It's a very different kind of movie and it's not as scary as it might sound.   I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good horror movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've seen in a long time, not because of the great acting or the interesting story, but because of how it was filmed.  It has a great soundtrack, a wonderful ending, and is really quite a treat for a long long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that I never thought I'd see, that I've been waiting for since I first saw the trailer. This is the kind of film that gets you going with its action. The set up is fantastic. It's the kind that I'd imagine someone would shoot to be used in a TV movie. It looks good, it feels good, and it's not a "let's just get it over with" kind of movie. This movie does it's job. The fight scenes are pretty awesome and really bring this movie together. This could have been a great action movie, but it wasn't. There is a very weak "plot" to it, and that's a shame. But it's still a good fight movie.   I was also really interested in the relationship between Jax and D'Angelo. Jax is a good guy who does the right thing, even though it's hard for him to do. D'angelo is a bad guy who seems to be a lot more evil than Jax thinks. The movie doesn't have a great ending, but I was happy that the movie ended at the same place it began. I'll give the movie two thumbs up. It wasn't the best movie in the world, but what it did do was give me a great little movie to watch with the boys.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is no other way to put it:  I am a huge fan of the Alien franchise and I have watched all of them. The one thing I would like to see is a reboot of the franchise and they should make it the sequel to Aliens.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is really quite a good one.   The story is told with great skill, the acting is superb, the plot is good, and the music is superb.  The film is good in that the hero is quite heroic, but he's not a good hero.  He gets into a fight with a bad guy, and does what he does best.  I'm not a big fan of the hero. The story, the story, but the story!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie " The Exorcist" is a good horror movie. The movie takes place in a small Italian town in the late seventies and early eighties. The town has a few haunted houses. The house is located in a narrow street, which is often packed with cars and trucks, when a car hits a horse and breaks a window. The next morning a group of students finds the horse dead in the road. The police and doctors are unable to determine the cause of death. The students are also unable to discover the identity of the killer, a man who has killed more than a hundred people in this town over the years. The man also leaves behind a strange and mysterious scar on his face. A boy named Kevin, a student at the local school, and a girl named Laurie, a friend of Kevin, are the only ones who can see the scar. Kevin believes the man who left the scar was a priest. Kevin is soon invited to the town to meet a local girl named Susan, who also believes the priest was the killer. She also believes that the priest may have been the one who killed her father, the local barber. Laurie and Susan believe the police and the priest are responsible for the death of their fathers. Laurie also believes Susan has a demon in her that she has tried to cast out. The story of The Exorciptor is a great story of two boys who can't find their father and are forced to search for him through a series of horrifying events that take them all over Italy. The great acting of John Gielgud and James Stewart is what really makes this movie great. If you like horror and don't mind a good laugh, then this is a must see.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy/drama/love story with some comedy in it. I'm really glad they found a good actress to play this part.  I can see why they cast her, she's really funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really nice to see a movie that has not been done before. It has some nice action, some interesting characters, and some interesting scenes.  I'm not too sure what the story is about, but I like that they didn't give it away too early. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that comes to mind when I heard about the movie "Troy" is how bad the acting is.  There is not a single actor that can play a part well, and it is not hard to see why.  The story is really awful, but I will leave it at that.  "Trull" is the only thing I can find to be positive about the film.  It is a comedy that was made by a director who knows how to make a good comedy, and that's a good thing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was the first movie I watched that I was able to fully enjoy.   The acting was excellent, and there were no real weak points.  The plot, while a little predictable, was interesting and I was glad to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I first saw the trailer for The Blackcoat's Daughter I couldn't get over the fact that the director, Tony Scott, used this film to make a very subtle and subtle jab at the genre of the romantic melodrama.  I mean, this is a film where the guy (Robert De Niro) goes to his lover's (Gloria Swanson) apartment in the middle of the night.    The girl's there, but there's no bedroom.  The guy wakes her up, and after he's done with her, she just lays there for a little bit.  I love that Tony Scott doesn't go overboard with the melodramatic bullshit in this movie.  He doesn't make the film over-the-top and over-sexed up, either.  This is a great movie, and it's just plain fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have a very high opinion of the writers of this film. It was great. I don't have a problem with the sexual content, I think it's a good film, and it has some really good special effects. I'm not a big fan of action movies, but I loved it. It's a little slow and the acting is a little too obvious at times, but it is worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't like this movie at all.   A man walks into a bar and he notices that the patrons seem to be having a good time. The bartender says, "I don't have any of those things, but I've got a lot of fun!"   The man asks what kind of fun it is. The bartender says,  "Oh, I can see that from where I'm standing!"  And then the bartender shows him his big fat dick!   What an interesting movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie. The plot was fairly predictable. You had to guess the outcome and then go out and see it. The characters were not well drawn, but at least they were there.   The music was not very good. The music wasn't bad, but the soundtrack was not interesting at all. The movie had an overall good vibe. It wasn't too violent, it wasn't cheesy, it didn't take itself too seriously, and it was not boring at all, even when it was over. It was very well made.   The only real negative thing about this movie is the ending. It is a shame that they didn't have the courage to end the movie on a happy note. I was really hoping that they would give us some more time to talk about the characters, but they didn 't.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film last night after a long day at work. I had to work in the late afternoon and early evening, and this movie made me feel relaxed and refreshed. I can't say enough about how well acted this movie is.  The cast is fantastic and the director, David Lynch, is just incredible at what he does.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a really good movie. It's about a boy who can make people fall in love with him. It is about a family who live in the forest and are good people.   It has a great message about love and acceptance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has a few scenes where the actors are playing out a comic book fantasy. In the first part of the film, we are introduced to the "good guy" and the "bad guy." We see the good guy's family life at home in the middle of a very serious war. The film begins with a scene of a young woman playing with her doll and a young man standing on the porch of the house with his rifle. The bad guy comes up to the man, points his rifle at him and then points it at his doll. The young man says that he is going to take his doll to the bathroom and clean it. Then he puts it in the washing machine and closes the door. The doll gets dirty and the man goes into the bathroom to clean it, and he puts his clothes on. The evil bad guy appears on the bathroom door and says, "Clean your clothes, little doll." The young guy says, 'Oh, no, I'm a little boy, not a little doll, but I'm going to clean you up, okay, I promise.'"   The bad guys are all played by William Hurt.   A few years ago I was at a small theatre in Portland, Maine and saw the movie and was amazed by the quality of the acting. It was good, good acting, great acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This film has an eerie vibe to it. It is a movie about an old man who is being chased by a serial killer. The killer can change form at will and it's not always bad. He has a sense of humor and the movie never gets too ridiculous. It doesn't take itself too seriously and it does a good job of making you laugh and keep you entertained.   It is a little bit of a downer to be honest. I am not a huge fan of horror films and the characters are not very interesting. I have seen the same film so many times before. But, it's still a good little movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is good, and I hope that this movie does well in the theaters, but I do not like it.  I have seen worse, and this is not it.    The story is good and has a great soundtrack, but it does not live up to its expectations.  The acting is fine, and they give us an enjoyable ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "It's been said before: It's not the movie, it's the people that matter". And it's true! This film is a true gem of a movie. The actors are superb. The story is truly touching and has a great sense of humor. It's a great film and is a worthy addition to any film collection.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a very well made movie, it has a good plot and a good ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know who to give this to.  But I'm pretty sure that I would have loved it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As always, I really enjoyed this film, and it really felt like a classic.    I was really glad I found this movie, as it's my favorite of the bunch.  The characters are all so good.  And of course, it's all a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie!   A good action movie with an interesting story.   The special effects are nice and the characters are fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't mind it so much at first.  The dialogue was easy to follow, the actors were all great and the film had some great scenes.    The only thing that bothered me about the film was the ending.  I would have loved to have seen the character who was the most despicable in the world die on his wedding day and leave the world a better place.  But hey...I thought it was a fun film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie about the "Giant Man" (played by Robert Englund) who is constantly being cursed by a magical statue of a man.  He has to fight it and then the curse is lifted when a giantess named "Hook" (also played by Englund), gives him a job to rid a town of evil.    What you should know:   Englund is a pretty good actor who really did the best he could in this one.  It's a pretty short movie but still has some nice laughs and a couple of good special effects.  Movie Rank - 5/10 5/ 10 Summary   This is a short but entertaining movie with some good special effect and laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and the way the film's ending played out made me feel so good and happy. I also enjoyed the characters and their dialogue. The film is well made and it doesn't take too long to finish watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films I have seen in a long time, and one of the few movies I've seen where the ending actually makes sense.  I was totally shocked when the story came to a close.    I have never seen a movie with such a clear meaning and I never expect to see one again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good, the plot is good and the acting is good.   If you're not afraid of the dark, don't be scared of the film. It is a pretty good film and worth watching.  …
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of thought and care went into this movie.  The screenplay is clever and the characters are memorable.  This is a good action movie with a lot of action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie last night at the cinema, and it was good. The actors were good, the story was good, and the acting was good (the only real acting in this movie). There were a few scenes where they were all talking about how the world is ending, and I was very confused by this. I think that the movie is about how we all need to be a little more understanding of each other, especially when we are all on the same side. I was glad that I got a good laugh out of this, because I was really confused by it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say this is a very good movie and one that I highly recommend to anyone who wants to see a real film about real people, real places and real problems.  The movie is about a young couple who are both born into poverty and are trying to rise up out of the muck.   The movie is based on the true story of a man named Harry Belafonte, a musician who had been working in Harlem since he was a child and a young girl named Mary Martin, a singer who was born to a poor family and was sent to a special school for "superior children" where she excelled in everything.  I loved this movie    I don't think I would have had a clue that the movie was based on a true story until the end, which I didn't mind at all.  There are so many great songs, especially the "Sittin' on the Dock of the Bay" that it is easy to forget that this is based in the real life.  The film has a lot of great acting and the performances of the people are very believable.  I also loved the way the story was told.  A lot of times in movies there are people who do things in a way that they do not seem like they should be doing them.  This movie had a lot more heart than that.  When I first saw it I wasn't a huge fan of Belafontese, but once I started to see more about him and his life I became more and more interested in the movie.  It also reminded me a lot that in the old days when people would watch movies they would talk about what they thought was going on.  These days we are used to the "gut-wrenching" and "twist ending" endings of movies and I don' t know why it was that way in the past, but the way in which this movie was told was so realistic that I could relate to the people that were in this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really good. It had great animation, a nice plot, and a great performance from John Leguizamo as Mr. Brown. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As good a movie as the title suggests, and the best of the "torture porn" type films.  I've never seen anything like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I thought it was a really weird idea. It is a very strange idea and a very bad movie.  It is a weird idea because it is about a girl who has a dead boyfriend (not really dead) who shows up and she gets a boyfriend.  So she decides to go to the guy's house and the guy wants her to play a game.  The first part of the movie is her playing this game. She goes to the other guy's home to play the game with him.    This movie is really weird.  I think it is the only weird movie I have ever seen.  This girl is really crazy.  It is not a very funny movie, but it is weird.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film about a boy who has an accident in his hometown which ends up being the reason why his parents are dead. The movie itself is a simple and cute little story about a little boy who gets lost in his town and ends up meeting a little girl who wants to take him with her. This movie was quite enjoyable, a nice little story and a nice cute little animation with a good story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not just about the "war of the worlds" but about the future of the planet and about the need for a global change. I don't want to get too political but this movie is really quite amazing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have never watched a movie like this before.   The movie starts with a flashback that takes place over a year ago in a small town.  The movie follows the adventures of a young woman named Lucy (played by Jennifer Connelly).   Lucy is a very sweet young girl who is being raised by her Aunt (played in a very sexy way by Pamela Hayden).  While Lucy is on her way to her first day of high school, she finds a mysterious man named Ray (played brilliantly by David Niven) on the train.    Ray has a mysterious power over his surroundings that Lucy has never seen before.        In the beginning of the movie Lucy and Ray are at a carnival in the middle of nowhere.  It looks like it is going to be a day of fun for the both of them.  However, something happens in the carnival that changes the way things will turn out for the two of them...  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a fan of horror and want to be terrified by it, this is a great movie. If you've seen it, you've no doubt seen the scene where the character is getting a haircut. You'll recall that the camera is behind him and the guy with the barber pole is coming at him from the front. It looks like this: Then it pans away and it's this:
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing film about a group of boys in a small town that are about to go on a camping trip with their parents. They decide to camp for three days, but the weather is bad, so they decide to stay a night. The next morning, they wake up to find their camp destroyed, their supplies ruined, and they have to walk for another day to get home. It is a tough and sad story, but it's also an inspiring one. The way the kids carry themselves, the way they act around each other, and the way their parents treat them, makes you feel like they've got your back no matter what. It's a story about family and friendship, and you'll never forget it. It'll be an experience. I've always loved the way the film shows how each boy comes to be a leader. They do it by the way that they work together, and by the example that they set. And how they try to help the other kids, but never forget their own faults. And they do it in a realistic manner, in a way that shows the kids actually are all brothers, and not just friends. The music is very good, and there is some really good acting from a lot of people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a big fan of the original Star Trek series and loved the original movie. This is a great follow up and even better.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good thriller with a great ending.   I think it is the best thriller in a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film begins with the arrival of the new mayor of Detroit, who is a good-natured man who loves his family. He's a tough old boy, but also a wonderful family man, and he's a good mayor.  When I read the book, it made me feel the same way about Detroit as I do about Chicago.  The film doesn't even attempt to make you feel anything about Detroit.  It's all about the gangster, Al Capone.  But Capone's life is more exciting than that of the average gangster.   He's rich, he's glamorous, and when he does his crime, he looks like he's going to be a millionaire one day.  Capone makes you feel for him and makes you think about the good that could be done if there was a strong police force in Detroit.      The movie has no problem getting into the dirty stuff.  What makes the movie work is the performance of the actors.  I love the way that the movie shows how important the family is to Capone and how he wants to maintain his family as he can.  This is a very important part of the movie, but it's also a part that is never shown very well.  Al Capones wife is also a major part of his life.  They love each other and have a very close relationship.  A lot of the scenes involving Al Capony are filmed with great detail.  For example, the way he drinks his coffee and the way the camera follows him are just perfect.  When I read that the Capone family was to be broken up in the movie it was a big surprise to me.  Unfortunately, they didn't get their wish.  Because of a lack of interest on the part of Capone, his wife doesn't leave him, and Capone doesn't feel the need to take care of his family anymore.  We see a good deal of Al Capon's personal life in this movie, so it's not really a good idea to give away all of the juicy details.  Some of the film's best scenes involve Al Capons wife.  She has a great love interest in one of the other gangsters, Joe Egan.  Egan is a rough looking character, but he's also quite an interesting guy.  He is a bad guy, but is also an excellent lover.  And he loves Capone as well. I
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie. It was good, it was fun, and it was not over the top.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts with a shot of a giant robot, and then it cuts to the next scene, a battle on the moon with the titular robot. The robots are pretty impressive. They all have a variety of weapon, and there is a lot of action. I especially like the battle with the giant alien in the center of the moon. The movie also has a lot to do with religion, and it is a good thing, too. I also like the way they handle the alien, because it is different, and the movie does a good job of showing it off. The acting is good too.   Overall, this movie is good. It has a few flaws, but nothing too bad. The characters are likable, and they get to do what they do best.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like action, then this is the movie for you.  I like action movies.    It's not as actiony as it should be.  The story has a good start and it keeps getting better and better.  There is a good story in here, which you should get to know a bit before you watch the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie on TV, and was shocked at how much fun it was to watch. It was a good time, it was funny, and it was cute.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is pretty good. The story is simple and it tells a good story.  I don't know if this is the best movie of the year but it is the first movie I have seen where the main character (played by the amazing Johnny Depp) gets the girl (played again by Scarlett Johansson) and they go on a road trip together.  The movie has a great soundtrack and I loved it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an absolute classic and a must see movie for all fans of the genre. The story is a classic love story between a rich and beautiful woman and an ex-convict who is a little bit of a scoundrel. It's funny, romantic, and the movie never loses its pace. It is also a great comedy and it's a shame that the movie was only released in black and white.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie so much I bought a bunch of posters for it. It's not the best movie I've ever seen but it's not bad either. It does have a lot of action and is just fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not a fan of the first one but this one is a bit better. The story is not too deep but still not too bad.   It's an old war movie that takes place in an old country. It has a bit of humor to it but also a bit more. I don't know why people don't like this movie. It's a good old war film and a good little movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've always loved the "I Love Lucy" franchise.  So it is not a big surprise that I'm a huge Lucy fan.    I was also a huge fan of the series until the last movie.  I've been waiting for a long time for this to come out.  My only complaint is that it seems that "I, Claudius" is the last in a trilogy of "Lucy" movies.  If I were to rate this movie, I would say that it is an average comedy, although it is funny and a bit silly.  Lucy's boyfriend is an absolute idiot, and the movie never gets to explore the character more than the beginning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I'd be lying if I said I didn't get a kick out of the movie, but I didn 't really enjoy the whole thing. It's pretty boring, the whole plot is like a big, stupid joke and the plot of the entire movie is that there are several'super-heroes' that come together and fight a bunch of people, and then the movie ends with all of the super-heros being killed by a random assassin.   And, of course, there's a little bit of bad language in there as well.  It's not my favorite film, but it was still entertaining and fun to watch, and it's not like the movie was terrible either.  "
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is about a man (Tom Hanks) who's a "fugitive" from his former job at the New York City Times as a reporter on a story about a mysterious black box that was found by a man who'd lost his family in a plane crash. The box, which is supposedly from the afterlife, holds a key to help him find his wife and son. Hanks is great as a "lost" newspaperman, with a strong sense of humor, and he plays it with such relish, even when he's dealing with such grave subjects.   This is one of the few films I've seen where the special effects are genuinely impressive, and I was actually quite impressed with the special effect of a man in a "skeleton suit" being able to move the box and reach his family's remains. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a real treat for old school horror fans and newcomers alike. The story starts out with a little girl named Charlotte and her mother (I didn't know this was a movie until I started watching it, and I loved it!). She was playing with the family pet dog when it was stolen by a thief. It turns out that the dog is actually a supernatural being that feeds off the energy of people who have been murdered. Charlotte is the only person who knows that this is happening and she goes to a doctor to find a way to kill it. What follows is a truly bizarre and unique story that will keep you guessing throughout the whole movie.  One of the best movies I've seen in a while!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was going to wait for a DVD or Blu-Ray version of this movie, and I can't wait for the next one!   This movie was released on VHS and is not on DVD or even Blu-ray.   It is a fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good thriller. There are many moments that will make you laugh, and then others that will be very uncomfortable. This movie has a nice ending, and it makes the film go along with a nice pace.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen the first half and I am not sure what to say about the second half. I loved the first. The dialogue was amazing, the story and plot was amazing and the ending was brilliant. The second half of the movie was just so disappointing. The movie took a long time to get going. It starts out in a prison where a woman is being held against her will. She tells a friend that she has been raped and that she is afraid of going to the police. When she gets to the station she meets the same man who raped her. He offers to show her how to beat him up and they take a stroll around the city. After a while they go into the bathroom and they have a fight in there. He then rapes her and they get out of there. After this she is on her way to the hospital to give birth. She is scared of the baby. She sees a doctor and he tells her that she needs to be in a hospital for a couple of weeks. She wants to go back to the prison to get her baby. So they go back into the prison and it looks like the same thing happened. But it doesn't. The woman has a new boyfriend who beats her up and makes her go to the doctors. She comes back to see the doctor and she is pregnant. She has to go to a hospital. The guy who raped and beat her gets released and he has to leave. The two of them have a baby girl and the woman's boyfriend gives her money for the baby so that she can go to work. After she has her baby she goes to work and the baby looks like her. But her new boyfriend is not happy and he beats her and takes the baby from her. The doctor tells her what happened and he decides that the baby will have a brain tumor and it will be very painful. She goes to a psychiatrist who tells her to be a good mother to the baby and to keep the baby away from him. She does so. She gets a job and she gets good and she makes sure that the child does not see anything bad about the man who hurt her. She takes him to work one day and when he gets there she tells him to leave and not to touch her. Then she gives the baby to the man's sister and he takes her to the dentist. He does not like her and beats her badly. When he beats the woman so badly he is sent to jail and he is not allowed to have contact
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not sure what the original idea was, but this movie is the most ridiculous thing ever to be made in the history of cinema. The film was made in 1958 and is a very bad film. It has an extremely bad and stupid plot and the actors are so bad that it is a wonder how the director got it made. The dialogue is so bad and cheesy that it almost makes me laugh out loud. The movie is basically about an aging farmer and his daughter who are trying to run a small ranch in the desert. One day, they are attacked by a group of robbers and are forced to leave the ranch. The rancher has to run to the nearest town and he leaves his daughter behind to look after her younger sister who is a little girl. It is only a few years later that the rancher's daughter finds the little girl and brings her back to the ranch and tries to bring her home to her parents. She gets stuck at a rest stop on the way and the little girls sister has to help her. The little girl is very bright and does her best to get the girl home.   This movie is so badly made that you almost don't care who is there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a very good movie.   As for the characters, I loved them.  -  - The two main characters were both very cool.  The other characters were very similar.  There are a lot of jokes and references.  I am going to rate this movie a solid B-plus. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was at first not sure what to think about this movie. I thought it was just a rehash of the previous two movies. Then I saw a review saying it is a remake of the last movie (that I did not like much). Then I watched it. And it's a remake. It is very good! The special effects are much better than in the previous movies. And they used real dogs and pigs, not computer-animated ones.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  It's about a group of people who go to a circus.  There's some good laughs here and there, but there are also some really good jokes.  The story is good too.  One of the main characters is called a "troll".  There are other bad guys, but they don't get much time.  And then there's a girl who wants to be a magician.  This movie was released in 1969 and it's pretty dated, but the cast and crew did a great job making this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "It's a pretty good movie, with an interesting premise: we see a couple of guys from California and they're in a small town in the American Southwest and they try to make a living out of selling their wares to local tourists, who seem to like them a lot, though they never pay. It's a nice film with some good acting, even by people who know they're not very good." - Roger Ebert 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the perfect combination of fun, gore and fun.  There are some really funny moments in this movie, some of which I haven't seen before.    And, the ending was amazing.  The movie takes place during the American Civil War. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie on the road a few years ago, and it was one of the best road movies I've ever seen.   The actors were all really good.  I didn't like the plot, but it was really funny, especially at the end, when they were all dead, and everyone was on the same boat and the captain had a gun to his head and the only way he could get the girl was to shoot the gun into the ocean. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think it was a pretty good movie.   It had a lot of action scenes, and I loved the way the film moved along.  And there were plenty of cute scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie i ever saw from a guy who has been making movies for 20 years. He has a new film about a guy that has a very interesting history with his son and a daughter that lives in another state. The film is very good. The music is good and the film is about a very good family with an interesting past. It is a must see.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the old Indiana Jones movies, then you'll like this one too.  This movie is not the best in the series, but it is a very good adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, it's a good little sci fi film that has a great story and a good ending. I'm not a big fan of the alien races but I liked them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never seen a movie quite like this before, and it's got a great ending, too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A Christmas Carol" was a great movie in 1941 and I have never seen anything like it.  I had never heard of "A Christmas Story" until I was told about it. I was thrilled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the better ones I have seen this year.  It is an interesting look at the psychology of criminals and criminals in general.  The story is about a gang of criminals that make a living by stealing cars.    The movie also deals with the psychology and the crimes that these people commit.  The movie has a very good soundtrack and a very well done acting job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   "A masterpiece! " - Peter DeBruine (Director of "The Silence of the Lambs") "A real masterpiece... I would not be at all surprised to see the movie become a standard for years to come... A true masterpiece." - John Ford (Director, "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance") "The great movie of the year!" - Walter Hill (Writer, "No Country for Old Men") "One of the most brilliant, profound and entertaining films I've seen in a long time." - William Friedkin (Director and Producer, "Apocalypse Now") "I'd recommend the movie to anyone who wants to watch a good action film with a good screenplay, some excellent action and a couple of great characters. It's not for everyone but it has some of the best action scenes ever filmed, and is just as funny as any comedy." - Anthony Minghella (Director "The Big Country") "This movie is a real treat. It has all the ingredients of a great movie - great acting, an excellent script, a great plot and a terrific soundtrack. This is a movie you don't want to miss. It is a must see movie!" - Richard Dreyfuss (Writer "The Godfather Part II") "No more exciting than an old-fashioned car chase. I'd never been impressed by such action before." - Peter Biskind (Writer and Director "Gangs of New York") "An unforgettable film that was never in danger of losing its appeal." - Christopher McQuarrie (Writer/Director "Eyes Wide Shut") "If you like great action and great comedy, this movie has all of them and more. I really enjoyed the movie." - Martin Scorsese (Writer & Director, "Goodfellas") "It's about as exciting as an old car chase with a girl in the passenger seat. There's a lot of action, there's a good story and a great script, but it's all in service of the screenplay. There are some really terrific performances. It was a real pleasure to work on the screenplay, and it shows. It all works together." - Richard Attenborough (Director & Producer "The Lion King") "To me, this is the greatest action movie ever made." - Brian De Palma (Director/Producer, "Dirty Harry") "There are a lot in the film that would never work, but the screenplay makes them all work. And
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most intriguing thing about this movie is that the story is told in a unique way. The movie begins with an interview with a man who claims to have spent time with an alien who appears to be an old woman. They talk for a while about a great storm, and the man then disappears, but the woman appears to him again. The old woman tells him that they must be going now, and that he can stay as long as he likes, and she will never take him away again. She disappears, and then the man again sees her. The storm is now about to come on, and he can only stand and wait for the end of the storm. He says he has to go now, but she insists that he has only ten minutes left. He has to get home to his wife, and their children, and his family, and maybe his children's children. There is a storm coming, and there is nothing he can do to prevent it. Then a beautiful light shines in the sky, and a beautiful man (a young actress) who looks like a great man (her father) arrives. He speaks to the man, who tells him the story. He tells the old woman the story, and they return to the scene of the old man's disappearance. The two aliens come in through the open door, and as they talk, the storm begins. They walk away to another part of the house, and talk again, and vanish into the storm again. It is now the old men's time. The women is gone. He tries to talk to her again, but there is no sound. He calls for his wife and children, but they are not there. He does not know if they are all dead. He looks around and sees that there are no more of the creatures around. He walks back to the house and calls for them, but he can hear the sounds of the great storm again, coming closer. He goes back inside the house. As he comes in, he hears a voice. He opens the door, but no one is there. The voice asks him if he has a problem, and tells him not to worry. There will be a great and good day soon. The end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A solid horror movie from a solid filmmaker.  I hope the remake gets made because this movie was one of my favorite horror movies ever!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a fun, exciting and surprisingly good movie.   The characters were all likeable, the action was exciting and the dialogue was good.  I liked the film, I think it was good enough to get a PG rating, I'm sure if the cast was bigger it would have been better, but it still had a good amount of action, a nice change from the usual sci-fi stuff, I liked it a lot!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that this movie was very good.  The story was good, the characters were well developed, the acting was very strong, and the special effects were really well done.    It really makes me wonder what they would have done with the second movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good story with a good ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good horror movie, with a decent script, and a good story.  It's not the most scary thing ever done, but I still found it scary, and it's pretty much a "true story".  The first half of the movie is very good, it's very well acted and set, and is not really scary.  The second half is a bit more scary.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      I had never seen The Shining, but I was already aware that Kubrick was one of the greats. He had taken the same basic idea of The Exorcist and combined it with The Shining and the result was a classic that still stands the test of time.   This is a movie about a man who has a terrible life and doesn't know how to fix it. He's a man without a family, he's lost his home, his job, and his wife. When he loses his wife, he falls into a very deep depression. He doesn't see a doctor because he's scared of what will happen if he goes to a doctor. He only sees a priest, but he doesn't like him. The priest doesn't have any faith in the man's problems and he doesn's't see that the man is capable of doing anything about his problems. So, he goes into the town of Overlook and he meets his old friend, who has been to the same place he's going to. He meets his wife and they fall in love. They get married and he goes back to work, but when he does, he gets fired because he got involved with his boss's wife and he's never been able to work with her again. He starts to get drunk and his drinking gets worse and worse. Then he goes off to a party and he tries to talk to a young woman who is one of his friends. When she doesn't respond, he starts to walk around in a weird manner, and then he starts making out with this other girl.  When he finally gets back to his house, he finds out that there's a party going on and that there is a new movie on. He gets home and he has a beer and he watches The Shining.  This movie is a masterpiece. I'm sure that there will be many people who are not very fond of this movie, but it is a must see movie for anyone who wants to see a film that will stay with you for the rest of your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun time with lots of laughs and lots of cool action sequences. I like how they have the bad guys in their base on a moon that has a lot of bad things going on, including a giant monster that's trying to eat everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this movie I was a little bit shocked by the whole thing.   In my opinion this movie has a very good ending and a very strong ending.  It does not start off very well but in the end it is a very powerful ending. It is a story of an old man who is being taken to the gallows for killing a child.  The plot is a bit thin and it is not very imaginative.  At first it is hard to imagine that a man could kill a child but I soon got used to it.  In the end I think that this is a good film.  I will not say that I loved it but I think it is an enjoyable film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been thinking about the ending of this film for the last couple days and finally got around to watching it. This film had its moments and a great performance from Gary Oldman. I wish this movie had more time and I would have watched it all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's funny, it's heartfelt, it feels real, it is the ultimate "I can do anything" movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all: This movie is a remake of a movie that was made in 1967 called 'Pompidou' (aka 'The Magic Flute') which is one of the best films ever made.  It has a fantastic soundtrack, is funny and it has the most amazing cast of actors and actresses ever put to film.  You can check out the original here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mFn8zr5qr-s  The movie is set in Paris in 1940 during World War II.   There is a young French woman who is in love with a German officer who is the son of a Jewish baron.  She is a French princess but her father is a Nazi and he sends her to stay with the French Resistance group in order to hide from her father.    The group is being run by an Italian resistance fighter and they are under orders to steal a German warplane from the Luftwaffe.  The resistance group gets involved in a plane hijacking in the middle of the night and in the confusion, they run into a resistance fighter who turns out to be the German officer's son. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a good one for the time. It's not a great movie by any means, but it's not bad. I wouldn't call it a masterpiece either. It is a solid movie that shows a lot of action and stunts, but the story isn't that great.   There are a lot scenes with the kids doing silly things, and it's all in good fun. But then there are a few times when the kids are being ridiculous and stupid. It starts when the boys are riding bikes, and when one of the boys accidentally runs over a man's foot. It doesn't end well.   I like that there are some action scenes, but there are also some stupid jokes. It would be funny if the boys weren't acting so stupid, but I guess that's a good thing.   (I also like that they didn't make the film a straight comedy.)   A good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a fun movie that is filled with great jokes.   The ending was also fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a well-done story with a nice and funny twist. The characters are all interesting, the setting is great and it's a great adventure.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic. I like the old school feel of it. I also like the story line and the acting. I wish it was more like it's description:    I like this movie a lot! I'm not a big horror fan but this one is great. I will be watching it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a perfect example of what a good detective movie can be.  It is a story of a beautiful girl who is a secret spy for the British intelligence.    It's a great film that shows that no matter what you are born with, you can achieve greatness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this movie to be a good comedy with a lot of heart and I think the movie does it's job well.   The film is funny, it's action packed, it has an excellent soundtrack and it has a strong female lead that I could see myself rooting for.  I liked it very much and I hope it's a hit in the box office too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a nice short story, and I hope it gets made into a feature film sometime in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had a great script.  The characters are good and the story is funny.    I also like the fact that this movie is an action movie without being cheesy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've always been a big fan of The Walking Dead, and this film is one of the best zombie movies ever. This is not a movie for everyone, but if you enjoy zombie movies then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched the movie twice. I watched it twice because I can't believe it!   It's so funny, so silly, so stupid!  It had me in stitches the first time I watched.   The second time I was a little more cautious, but still, I had to laugh and I had a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been a fan of the movie for many years, I really like it, and I'm glad to see it finally on DVD. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely superb film that should be seen by everyone.  If you like science fiction, you will love this.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can't really talk about a movie without mentioning its music. This is a film about a family with a secret. The music is used to make this secret come to light. A family with secrets.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was born and raised in a small town in California. The town is very small and a lot of people come from all over the place to live there. I lived next door to one of the residents and he was very kind to me, and I was very fond of him. One day he and a couple of friends left town, and it was in this period of time that I first began to take an interest in guns. I was playing in the backyard with my friends when a very strange person came over to my house. It was a very handsome young man, but he was obviously very young and obviously had been beaten badly. He had a small black hat on, which made him look more like a circus clown than a man, and his face had a large black mole on it. He was dressed in a sort of outfit that made him resemble a circus elephant. The kind of outfit he was wearing made me very uneasy, for the elephant was very heavy and the hat was very small. He looked like an evil sorcerer who was out to get me.   After a couple minutes of my friends telling me how scary this guy was, I decided that I didn't want to be friends with him, so I walked over to the house and asked my mother if I could go back to my room and stay with my mother. She agreed and I went to my bedroom and tried to get into bed, but I couldn't get into my bed, for my room was right next door. I got out of bed and went back to the bathroom to get my toothbrush, but this time I didn`t try to get in bed. I went back into the bathroom and found a little room that was completely dark. I could barely see my hand in front of my face. Then I saw a big black shadow in the middle of the room, and the shadow was sitting on a chair. I started to run towards it, but then the shadow turned around and grabbed me, took me down to a very small room that seemed to be a basement. The room was pitch black, but there was a light on. It had a little light bulb in it, and when I turned on the light it made the room look like a very dark movie.  After I got to the bottom of the stairs, I could see that there was another person in the room. This person had a very long nose and a very thin mustache. It looked like a long snout with a very
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and I will be going to see it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure how to review this movie, since I've only seen it once and I haven't really been interested in horror films. The movie seems to be a cross between a western and a horror movie. The setting seems to have a kind of magic to it, which is definitely good. The acting was great, with the best being a good old guy named Frank (the name of the sheriff in the movie) who seemed to have been in a lot of westerns, as did the other sheriff, Mr. Smith. I'm really not sure why this is a good thing, as it's a little too long, and at times seems like it might be a little long. But the thing that I like the most about this movie is that it's set in a small town that doesn't seem like it's in the middle of nowhere. The only real place in the town that you feel like you could go to in a car is where the sheriff lives, and that's a short drive away from the town. I don't know if this was really a movie for the whole family, or if you would just like it for a few hours, but there are enough gory moments to make this worth a watch, and it's not very long.   And by the way, this movie was filmed in New York State, so the gore doesn't look as bad as some of the other movies on this list. It's just a very good looking movie, and the acting is very good, with a few good performances (especially from the young guys in the theater).
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought it was really well done, with a really good ending. The main character is a good guy. He doesn't care about money or power or sex or anything but he does care about people. That's why he's good at his job. He does it well and people seem to like him. The ending was just right. I don't like to see things end so abruptly, and I didn't like how they went off on this weird tangent. I wish there had been a little more explanation or a little less talk at the end, but otherwise I think the movie is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little film with a strong cast of characters, a strong story, and an amazing soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not a very good movie, but it has its good moments.  If you want a good action movie in the 80s, this is it.    The movie has great action scenes and the movie has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The good:  *This movie is just a really good story about the human race. The story, like the movie, is really funny, and has a good message to say.  *It is a great movie, the actors are really funny and have great characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie, not great, but not bad either. The movie starts out with a beautiful woman coming home late, she walks into a room full of women all dressed up in the finest clothes, and a guy with a big cigar in his mouth. She says that she's tired and wants to go to bed. The guy says that they can all come in, he wants to see the beautiful woman in the most magnificent of dress and jewelry. The guys are all waiting for the woman and are all eager to meet her. They walk up to her, and she smiles at them. Then, the guy comes up to the women, grabs one of the women and puts her in his lap. He says to her "you are a nice looking woman, I hope you're all right". He then gets down on his knees and starts kissing her, while the other women stare in astonishment. The next thing they know they are all standing there with their mouths open in amazement. Then the guy goes to another woman and takes her and puts the other woman in his arms. He goes back to the woman who is still looking in astonity at the guys. She looks at him and says "this is not right, he is in my lap, kissing me, while I have to watch, while he is kissing my husband!". The guy pulls her up off of him and puts his hands all over her, but she is still very much shocked and does not move at all. She then starts to cry and screams out. She runs out of the room crying and saying "I am a nice woman, he took my husband and now I have nothing!". She then runs down the stairs and out of her home. The other women all run out of their homes and tell the guys to get rid of their wives and go to hell. The women start to cry even harder and the guy starts to beat the woman on the head and face. She keeps crying and screaming and screaming, but the guy is not going to stop until he kills her. She finally stops screaming, she turns and starts to run, but he catches up to him and beats her even harder. Finally she is knocked out and the guys all start to celebrate. The scene changes and the movie cuts to a different house, it is dark and there are candles all around, the woman is sitting in a chair, in her underwear. She is dressed all in black and is crying. There is a guy standing by the
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was nice to see how much fun it is to get drunk and drive.  As you can see the movie had a lot of good parts.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the greatest movies ever made, that I think any serious movie lover will find fascinating.    An incredible movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of great actors were cast here, and I think it is very good. It has been a while since I've seen a movie where all of the characters are so likeable, and the script is good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very good movie. The story is not original and the story doesn't really need a good story. It is a good action movie with the right amount of suspense. The film has a lot of action. It does have some very good special effects. It had a very well done soundtrack and a good screenplay. The acting is excellent and the film had a great cast. The ending was quite shocking and it made me very happy to see it. The movie was great and I would definitely watch it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am an absolute sucker for horror movies.  There are so many good ones out there.    I love the first one.    It is one of those movies that I can watch over and over again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the best film of the year.  And for a movie with a story that is as simple as it is complex, the director does an excellent job of making the film both emotionally rich and suspenseful.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! The storyline is interesting, there's a little romance going on with a pretty woman, the whole movie is great. The movie is well-made and has a lot of great performances. The actors all have great voices, it is a fun movie. I don't think I will ever watch another movie with a main character who can dance, I will definitely buy this movie again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I watched this movie I couldn't help but think of the way the film was shot and the way it was edited, it was so beautiful, as I said before the cinematography was brilliant and the music was also great, the acting was pretty good, as was the way they cut the film, you could almost feel the love they had for each other.   I gave this a 4.5 out of 5 stars
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Crazy" is a terrific movie that I enjoyed immensely.  The story was well thought out and acted out.    There are a couple of parts where I didn't know what was going on, but the movie is still a terrific one.  5 out of 5 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found myself entertained by this story and even got a kick out of the fight scenes. The film is filled with all sorts of cool and unique action scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm always interested in how people respond to new things.  This movie does a great job of capturing a small town, but it's done so well that it feels like a place you could have been, even if you weren't born here.  The only other film of the summer so far that I'm looking forward to is the "The Girl on the Train."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of John Carpenter's films. He is one of the most underrated and most respected filmmakers in Hollywood. I don't think I have ever seen a film that he has made that was more impressive than Halloween. This film is one the best horror films that I have seen in a very long time. It is scary, creepy, weird and just all around good. I give it an 8.5/10
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. I loved that the film was made by a gay man, and it was made without any violence whatsoever. I think that if this was made for straight audiences, it would be just a gay love story.   But it isn't. It is a straight love story that is very moving. I would recommend this to anyone who likes straight stories.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know why I'm writing about a movie. I'm glad I saw it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic and I will always remember it.  There is a scene where the father is on a fishing trip with his wife and they are in the middle of a lake.  I saw this movie at the movie theater and it was very entertaining.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I would like to give a very, very big "thank you" to the director and the editor of this movie, for their superb talent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good horror movie. It's one of those movies where it doesn't matter what time of day or night it is. It will scare you and you'll want to stay awake for the next 20 minutes because you're still not sure what's going on.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most realistic depiction of the Vietnam War that I have ever seen. A great movie that will stay with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun movie with a good story and great characters.  It was also good fun for a change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like "Beverly Hills Cop" (or "Cop" as we all know it), then you'll like this.  It's the sort of movie you could watch once in a while, and it's also an example of how a movie can be more than the sum of its parts.  The movie takes place in the 70's, and there is a cop on the force named John "Big Daddy" Biggins.  He has a wife, a kid, and a dog.  But, when he is assigned to a "special assignment" for the "Burbank PD", Big Daddy discovers that his former partner, and the guy he was supposed to murder, is now an undercover cop.    In order to "catch" the guy, Big Daddy hires the assistance of his old friend, the one and only Frank Stallone, who played Frank Costello in "Rocky".   What a wonderful coincidence! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie that has some really good acting and a nice soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The second of the three part sequel to the first (which I enjoyed very much), this is a much better movie, not because of anything that has happened in the first film, but simply because the plot is much more interesting and interesting characters are here, including a young child who is played by the late, great Jean Simmons.   This movie is not just a sequel, it is a movie that could easily be considered a prequel.  As I said, a good sequel to a good first movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'll say it right now: if you haven't seen the classic horror movie, The Shining, then get on it! The original novel by Stephen King is an amazing story of two boys who are taken on a road trip by their father (the movie stars Jack Nicholson). It's an old school story with some excellent performances. This movie is a much better film than the book, and it's got the same characters.   The plot is that they go to a new hotel to stay with Jack's friend (the hotel has the same name as the hotel from the novel). The boys are in for a shock when they realize that the hotel has a haunted room. The boys decide to explore the hotel, and end up in a strange and dark hallway. Jack's dad is in the hotel at the same time, and when he finds out what happened to the boys, he goes in to rescue them. The scene is pretty dark, but the movie doesn't take it too far. The scares are well done, but not overly so. The acting is very good, with good performances. The music is pretty good too. The whole film is very interesting and well made.   The ending is pretty much just a classic horror ending. There are some really good scenes, but this is definitely one of the weaker films. I enjoyed it a lot, but it's not a classic by any means.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was good. It wasn't a great movie, but it was still a good one. I was disappointed in the way it ended, but that was probably because of the fact that the ending was a little rushed.  I liked it when the kids were trying to help each other to solve the mystery.  My favorite thing about this movie is how the kids look like they are in a really bad comic book, which is why I liked it so much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie so much I made a documentary about it.   It is the best thing I've seen in a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are into the sci-fi genre, then this is a must-watch movie.  It is a story about a woman who travels to the year 2050 and finds herself in a strange world that is ruled by a giant space ship called the Ark.  As I said before, the story is very intriguing and it gets better and better.   The action scenes are very good and the voice actors are excellent.  This is a movie that I recommend to all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good one. The movie is set in an alternate future, in which the Earth has been completely destroyed by a mysterious solar storm. This storm caused a massive radiation explosion, which affected the whole of the planet. The world was now covered in a radioactive wasteland, and humanity lived on a primitive earth. The only people to survive were the survivors of the nuclear war. The story takes place in a small, peaceful village. The survivors have found a small island which is teeming with life. The villagers are called the Daughters of Zod, and they have a mission. To find the source of the radiation storm, and destroy it.  There is some action in this movie, and it is not really too bad. The film is really just about the people and the life they lead. The main character is played by Terrence Stamp (as in the poster) who is an extremely likable character. He is an average guy who wants to survive, but does not know what he is doing. His girlfriend is played, of course, by Jennifer Beals. She is a very attractive young woman who looks good and has a good body. The rest of the cast is filled with people who are likeable and have a nice time. This is a movie about people who try to make a life for themselves, and what they have to face in the process. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen this yet, go see it. It is a good thriller, and a good time. I give it a 7.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie enjoyable, the story is fairly original and not too confusing. The actors all do a good job, and I would recommend this movie to any fans of comedy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am very happy with this movie. I am not sure if it is a good idea to let the main character live in a house in the middle of nowhere, but at least the film is entertaining. I like the music and the sound effects are well done.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first part of this movie is a very slow build up. We see a young man from a rural area get caught in the cross fire. He is beaten badly and left for dead. The next few hours are spent watching him slowly dying. We watch as he dies, slowly. We listen as he is slowly dying and slowly dying, and slowly die. This movie is very realistic and tragic. It is a great watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "It is a rare and wonderful thing when a film so closely resembles the original novel. It is almost a perfect remake."   I would give the film a 7/10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As you can see, this is a good flick. I'm sure that if you're a fan of horror, or you just like seeing a couple of guys in black make their way through a creepy mansion, then this is for you.   Rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think it's great that we have more and more people showing up to the cinema and making movies. I remember watching the first one with my friend when I was a little kid. It was awesome. I think the movie has some great special effects, a nice atmosphere, and a good storyline. I also love the music in the movie. The ending was very nice, I thought the story was very well written and it's a little bit of a horror movie. I thought that the characters in this movie were interesting, and I'm not sure what they will do next, but it's an entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As you may have guessed, I don't see the problem with this film.  It's not perfect, but it's still an interesting film that was made in the 60's.  I'm surprised that it was released after this, but I think that it does provide a nice contrast to the action/fantasy film of the same title that is just around the corner.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think this is one of the best horror movies out there, with a very creepy soundtrack. I thought it was a good idea to use the old, creepy music, as it makes it feel like a real haunted house!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are not a fan of the film series, this is an enjoyable little flick. The film is not a very good film by any means, but it is still a very entertaining flick to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only film in the new Star Wars trilogy that can hold a candle to the original trilogy in my opinion.  As with all of the films in the series, there are plenty of cool things going on in this one.    A little more of that action is definitely needed for the story to hold up.  I would say that this is a decent entry in the trilogy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love a good story and the story in this movie is awesome! It takes a different angle and makes a different character than the ones we have seen in the last few movies. The movie is great fun to watch! I was laughing hysterically for about 5 minutes after the movie finished!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original ending was so great and so well acted, but then it's followed by the worst ending ever.  That is to say, if this movie didn't have a terrible ending then it would be an amazing movie.    The movie is about a group of young kids who find a box in the woods.  They then decide to open it and see what's inside.  The story is about the group's adventures in the forest.  As for the acting, it's good.  I like the acting in this movie.   The acting in the movie is very good.   In the movie, there is a lot of good jokes.  Some of the jokes are funny.  This movie is filled with a lot jokes.   I really like the jokes in this film.   Some of these jokes are very clever.  In the beginning, it seems like this movie is going to be boring.  However, it ends up being really good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only bad thing about this movie is the bad voice work by the character actor.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a terrific movie about an evil, and wicked, and evil looking man.  It is one of the best movies I've seen this year, and the story is great.    The film is like an Indiana Jones movie, but instead of a crazy treasure hunt, there is a man who has been in hell and back again.  He has been given a choice to go back and save the soul of a woman from the clutches of a demonic demon.  When he goes back, the demon has gone, and he finds that he has no idea what happened.  The woman he has been saving has been changed, but is now a beautiful woman who is a prostitute.  This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the way the movie was set up. It's set up in a little bar, the only bar in town. The bartender is named "Joey" and he's a sweet old man. I liked the way he was set apart from the other guys. It made him seem like a regular guy.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie.   This movie was one of the first in the genre of science fiction and fantasy movies that I had seen.  I liked it very much and recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! It's a very good movie with a lot of heart, it is not a movie for kids. It is not for everyone, but it is very good. I like it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lonely at the Movies" was not the only movie I watched this week.  The other movie was a documentary about the life and career of the legendary "Rambo" Paul Sorvino.  Rambo was born in an Italian neighborhood in Chicago in 1920, and was a movie star for nearly fifty years.   He made a few cameos in various films, but he is best known as the leader of the famous "Sons of the Samurai" in the movie "Rampart".   This movie was actually filmed on a real estate development in San Francisco, and is also the story of the life of a real-life San Francisco bandit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good little family comedy. The kids play a lot of pranks on the older folks.   I think it is a good family movie, good characters, and a good song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a little disappointing that there wasn't a lot of tension in this one, and the dialogue was very cheesy.  That being said, it was an enjoyable watch, and it didn't matter that the ending was a bit weird. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie i ever saw. It is a movie about a crazy person who has the power to transform his body and soul into different things, including his car, which is an old pick up truck. The car has been in his family for many years and is his favorite car. In the beginning he just has a dream about the car, but as time passes he begins to see things that aren't real. He then meets a woman who also has a car and they start to change each other. They find out that their cars are actually living, sentient beings who must be protected. I think that is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this movie to be quite entertaining. The movie was a little slow at times and I did feel that there was a lot of scenes that just didn't really have the impact to make you feel any emotion. However, the movie is quite good and I'm glad I gave it a chance.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't like most of the movies in this series but I do like this one a lot. The story is simple but it's really great to see an old-fashioned western. The plot is simple. The characters are all really great and the acting is excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   This movie is about a man who can't get a date. He's a lawyer in a small town in Iowa. The only woman he has is his boss' daughter.   He gets her to dress up as a maid for him so he can get a free house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best thing about this movie is how it's funny and a lot of fun to watch.   It has the usual suspects in it such as Michael Douglas, Peter Falk and Bill Paxton and I am surprised that it's not seen as a big hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - I don't think that there is a single flaw in this movie.   This is a fantastic movie and a must see movie for any movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie.  It was a good twist on the genre, and I thought the story was interesting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've had my eye on the movie since it first came out and now it's here. I thought it was great when I first saw it, but I've never been this impressed with a horror movie since the first time I saw the movie was with my parents when I was about 5 years old.   If you're looking for a good horror movie, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "A beautiful, beautiful picture of two people trying to make it in the world.  I liked it, but not as much as the trailers.   "
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. It was great fun.   I also enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I want to take this opportunity to thank the producer and his staff, particularly the director, for their great work in bringing to the screen this classic movie.   The film is a classic example of the Hollywood gangster picture, the characters are well portrayed and they have a lot of fun, but, of course, this is a film that has a great deal of violence.  This film is certainly not the best movie of the year, but it is certainly the best one of the gangster genre, and it has a good cast of characters to play with.  It is a good film, a good gangster film, and a great movie that has stood the test of time."
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first thing you notice is the sound:  The movie is played in a very natural, and even humorous way, with an overall sense of lightness, and some fun.  The acting is very good, with a nice sense of humor.  I enjoyed it quite a bit.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really loved this movie and I will probably continue to watch it.   This movie is good and I would recommend this movie to all who are looking for a good thriller with a strong female lead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very entertaining and the characters are very likable. The movie has a lot of jokes and I think it is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.  I really like the way the movie was made and I am glad that it has been released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best thing about The Great Gatsby   is the beautiful and funny screenplay by F. Scott Fitzgerald.   And the acting by all the actors is as brilliant as ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As the title says, this movie is a remake of a very good film (also the original director's) called "JFK" which is very good and a remake is a good thing.   The original is a very interesting film that is not as good as the remake but still very good.  A little like the movie "Jaws" but without the sharks.  I did like this film though it was a little too long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good film about the life of a boy, his family, and his work.  I found it very funny and enjoyable.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has been done so many times that the only things that remain from the original film are a good fight scene between Batman and Catwoman and a great cameo from Jim Carrey.  All the rest of the plot is just recycled stuff from previous films: Batman and Robin go after the Scarecrow and the Penguin while Penguin has the nerve to use his henchmen to get rid of Batman.    The plot does get a little weird around the halfway mark, but then the ending is very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard the story many times, but this time the cast and the director really pull it off.  As a writer I'm not a fan of the way they filmed this, but as a filmmaker this movie is perfect.  I really liked the movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really fun movie.  It's set in a small town where the school mascot is a cow.    A good story and well acted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not really a fan of movies like this. I don't really have a good story to tell, the acting is kinda bland, and the plot is pretty boring. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is one of those movies you don't have to have a clue about. It's about a boy named Billy who's not too smart, and I think he just wants to get his hands on some pottery so he can show his mother and father how much better he is. What a bad boy.  There's a nice old lady who's been in this pottery business for a long time. She has to do it, and she doesn't care much for the kids that come around. So she's just sitting there with her pottery all day, and then the kids come around and they're so noisy that she decides to leave the place.  The movie ends when she and the pottery lady get in a fight.  I don't know why they made it so hard to understand. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie about the early days of the space race back in 1962. I found the movie entertaining, it is an exciting movie that has lots of action and suspense.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, for those of us who are not too much into science fiction movies (the kind that don't have spaceships or flying cars or whatever) this is a good one.   It's a pretty simple story.  This is the story of a guy who wants to get a job with a local TV station but has never done a job before.  When he gets there he meets the head of the local news department.  The main plot is that the guy has a problem with a little boy who is acting a bit like a girl.  When the kid's mother is kidnapped by a strange guy the head guy tries to help the guy, but not before the girl's mother has been killed.  In a way this is the kind of story we would like to see a lot of, a little kid acting a little like a little girl. But it's done well.  And the acting is a little weird at times, like the head lady has some weird accent.  This movie isn't really a movie that I'd watch with my son, but it is a movie I'd give him a chance to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... a great, enjoyable film.. . I liked it so much that I made a copy of it and gave it to my daughter.   This movie is a real treat for the eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I can really complain about is the length of the film. It's not an hour long but it's a good half hour.  It's a fun time, and if you enjoy watching a good, well made horror film then this is a great one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very nice movie. It's a short film, but I would recommend it to anybody who is looking for something nice and funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this before in the late 60s/early 70s. It's a good time with lots of fun and some great music. I liked the movie so much I decided to see it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen many movies in my life. I was so happy that I didn't feel the need to go to a cinema to see a movie. I wanted to go and watch a movie with my friend and we were able to do so in a very cool manner. It's a good idea to use a good film to promote a good cause.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was very pleasantly surprised by this movie. I have never seen this movie and I had a good time. The actors are great and the direction by John Landis is very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure what to say about this movie, other than to say it's the first great movie I've seen in quite a while.  There's a sense of humor that never felt like a ripoff, a sense that it is a true story that is more interesting than most of the movie's genre.    I'll probably see it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's heartwarming, and it has a great ending.  This is one of those movies you never tire of watching, and there is so much to learn about the lives of people in the 1950's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent story about the relationship between a good doctor and a man who is in his 40s and has been on the street for years.  It is a pity that the film was not made when it was released.   Posted by John at 2:04 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know about the reviews, but I liked it a lot.   This is one of the most realistic sci-fi movies I've ever seen.  A lot of people seem to like the movie too, but some of them didn't like the music at all.  Some people who have never seen the movie before said that the movie was too dark. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film follows a young man named Adam (played by Adam Goldberg) who lives in a small town in North Dakota with his father and his mother. He is a nice kid but also a bit of a nerd. He likes to play the piano and hang out with his friends. One day, he is in his room, watching television, when the television suddenly goes off. His father, Hank (Peter Billingsley), walks into the room and tells him to put on some clothes. He also tells him that he has some news that he needs to tell him about. Hank walks off to talk to his friends and Adam goes to his room to watch television. Hank comes back into the living room and he asks Adam to help him with something. Hank asks Adam if he has any idea what is going on. Adam thinks about it for a moment and then says "No, but maybe something could be done about it." Adam's mother then comes in and tells Adam that she wants him to go out and find out what is happening. Adam goes out into the world and finds a strange woman. He meets her at the train station and they get on the train. Adam and the woman walk around the train, but they can't find anything. Adam says that he thinks they have something that could help, but she says that it's not their business. Adam asks her if she can help him. The woman tells him she can't help him and walks away. Adam walks back to his house, and he sees his father come out of the house. Hank is wearing a suit and hat and his hair is done. Hank tells Adam to come in. Adam takes a seat on his bed and Hank begins to tell Adam what happened. Hank explains to Adam how he was a member of the "Morton Gang" when he was growing up in West Virginia. One night, Hank and a group of other people, including a man named Mike (played on screen by the great Gary Sinise) are driving around the mountains. One of the men gets tired and Hank decides to sleep in the car. Mike then tells Hank that his wife was murdered and he needs a ride to a town called "Anderton" so he can bury her. Hank gets into the car with Mike, and they drive off. When they get to Anderton, they get out of their car, and Mike takes a gun and kills Hank. Hank runs into a small house, which he finds empty. Hank
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoy this movie. I like the fact that the movie has a good plot and a good ending.   The main character, Alex, who is from the Philippines, has been sent to England by his father to become a doctor. He meets with a girl who works at the clinic. They have a great chemistry together, and he falls in love with her.  When Alex discovers that the clinic is being run by a sadistic man, he goes to England to save her. However, he falls into the wrong hands and is beaten and humiliated by the doctor.  He returns to the Philippines to get revenge on the doctor, and avenge his father.  I am sure that this movie has made a lot of people laugh, because the characters are so funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie, and it is a classic example of the American Western.  The film is set in a very well written town where the people are friendly and friendly people.    The story is about a young Indian, who is the son of a very rich Indian.  He lives a comfortable life, he is a very handsome boy.  The movie is a good example of what you can do with a Western setting, it's very fun and the music is nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen The Last Movie three times in a row. Each time, I was left in a state of shock and awe. I mean, who would ever think it was possible to make a movie with a killer clown? Well, I've been told that the clown was the inspiration for this movie. I think that's true.      But it isn't only the clown that's in the film. The film is actually about a group of young people who are having a party to celebrate their graduation from the film school. The party is being thrown by the "Crazy Clown" (in this case, a character played by the great Marlene Dietrich). At one point, the clown makes a big mistake that causes the students to leave. The clown's mistake is that he tries to show the film projector the picture he just took of the "garden of Eden" (yes, it's really called that). And that's when he realizes that there's a real boy there!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies of the year, and one of the most intelligent, too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was a good thriller.   I did enjoy this movie and I think that the director and his actors really put on a good show. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was so well done I couldn't stop laughing.  I mean, seriously, how many times can you see a girl with a tattoo of a heart and a heart with a gun shoot the bad guys?  And then she's in a bikini with the guy who gave her the tattoo and she's kissing the guy.  I guess it was all just too good to be true...   My only problem with this movie is that I felt it was going to end too soon.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've been watching this movie since I was a kid. It was the original and still a classic.    What can I say...it's an old movie, the actors look like they are from the '50s and they still have the energy and enthusiasm. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great little movie, but a little long.  I have a few ideas of how to improve the film, but I doubt it will ever be perfect.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I was not expecting anything from it, I didn't want to go see it. I didn' t even know there was a sequel to this movie. I went to the theater with a bunch of friends, and it was a great time. It has great performances, great story lines, and a great ending. It was like going to the movie with a group of friends. It is not an action packed movie, but it is a good one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I was about to close the door on my apartment after an exhausting night of watching the movie (I'm still on the fence about whether or not I want to see a movie about a cat, but I can't help it), I heard the doorbell ring and my husband came in. We were having a little dinner before he went out to get his things and then I went upstairs and got into bed with the sound of my husband's snoring echoing down the hall.  The next day I was in the shower with a towel over my head when I heard a knock on the door. I knew it was my husband coming down to meet me and I was glad he was, because I was so turned on by his cock and balls going up and down on my tight pussy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The Wicker Man   (1937)    A classic of British horror movies.   A strange tale of a man who is sent to an asylum after the townspeople believe that he is a witch.  In this film, the horror is set in the middle of winter and is filled with a lot of snowy locations and creepy, eerie music.  The only thing that's really creepy is the creepy lady who makes a lot to the people in the asylum.  A nice film with a great soundtrack and good acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a huge fan of all things B-movies and I loved The Big Chill. It had the best title, the best actors, the funniest dialogue and the best music. It was a fun romp with lots of action and suspense. It's a shame the film was never released in America.    The movie opens with a young boy named Jack (Burt Lancaster) at a baseball game in his hometown of New Haven. He's dressed in a suit and tie and is being heckled by a few locals. When a car crashes into his car, Jack gets out to see who's at fault. He discovers that his neighbor (Tom Tully) has been speeding and is trying to run over Jack.  It is a good idea to get in a car and follow the guy who is speeding.  He then starts to follow the car and they end up crashing into a bridge and falling into the water below.  This is where Jack's father (Charles Laughton) and grandfather (John Cassavetes) come to save him and the two kids are saved but the grandfather gets hurt.  Jack goes to get his father but he's too hurt to walk so he tells Jack to take the car to the hospital.  While Jack is going to the police station, a group of women in a convertible drive by and they start to heckle Jack. The women then start to yell obscenities at Jack and one of the women, the mother (Molly Ringwald), then drives up in a Corvette and starts to harass Jack. Jack is angry but doesn't know what to do. The mother then gets in the car with the boys and they drive off.  As Jack is driving, he hears the voice of his grandmother calling his name and he looks over to see her waving to him. The woman then gets out of the car.  The story then shifts to a hospital where a nurse named Susan (Jane Fonda) is tending to a patient named Mary (Jodie Foster). Jack goes in to see Mary and asks if she's been well. Mary is a little depressed and says she has been having problems with her husband and wants Jack to help her with them.  She tells Jack that she needs to get married and have a baby so she can get a divorce. Jack tells her that it's too late for that and he can't do anything about it. She says that her husband has an affair and has been seeing a young
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an awesome movie. It's like the original Superman in that he has super strength, but he is also very good with a gun. He also gets some cool powers. I don't know how this movie came out in the 80s, but it's a great one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very surprised by the ending of this movie. I was not expecting to be in a good mood after watching this movie (even though I am not an action movie kind of guy), but after watching the last act of the movie I found myself smiling from ear to ear. The movie was great, and if you are into action, this movie is for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good old fashioned movie.  The script is well written and the characters are great.    The story is about a girl who is living on a boat.  The boat is a pleasure to sail on.  She has a good time on the water.  At one time she is sailing with the other girls when a storm comes on and they have to flee to land.  One of the girls has a sick sister and they are all frightened of the sea and of the storm.  But one of the most important characters in this story is a young girl who has just been orphaned and is very hungry.  That girl, Maud, is always hungry.        This movie was a great movie. I am sure you will like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a great movie, I have seen it twice and have been hooked ever since. It has a really great cast, a cool setting and even a bit of humour in it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is not often that a movie does a good job of depicting the daily life of a poor black man. It is a good thing that the movie is entertaining and entertainingly so. The movie is about an unemployed worker, who works at a job center and lives with his mother and father in a small apartment in New York City. His father is a drifter who is often in the park, or in the subway or on the streets, and his mother is a single mom who lives in the building where she is a secretary for a company. This movie was filmed in the 1960s and early 1970s and the style and cinematography were very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   When you first see this movie, you have a hard time understanding the plot. The movie is about a man who has a weird obsession with an old man. In a strange way, the movie is an allegory of the man's life. The old man is a bad guy, and the movie tries to show us how the good guy is fighting a losing battle against an evil force.  This movie is a little difficult to follow. You will have to wait a few hours for the action to start, but the rest of the movie consists of the old man's stories. They're pretty funny, but sometimes a little hard to follow at times. The acting is really good, especially the old men. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoy this movie. I like the idea of a little girl (a young boy at the same time) and her older brother (also a little boy) traveling to a land that they know little to nothing about. They have to get past the locals and find the way back home. This is a pretty good movie with a great cast.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie!   It has a wonderful plot.   The characters are well developed and their emotions are well represented.  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie with a story to it that is pretty good.  The cast is pretty strong with an excellent lead performance by Sam Rockwell, and a very likable supporting cast that includes Chris Rockwell and a couple of other folks who have been in more than a couple good movies.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and was looking forward to seeing it again, but after the movie I was really not expecting it.  The ending of the movie made me think it's an odd story and I can't really see what happened or what happened to the man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen all of the films of the 70s and they all have that great "b-movie" feel to them.   It is a pretty simple story about a young man who gets a job as a roadie and meets a girl, she gets in the car with him and he starts to drive and she starts to sing a song.  What happens next?   The song is "We'll Meet Again" and it was a great song,   However, the roadie has to drive to a show, so he takes the girl with him.  The show is at a bar, so they walk over to a bar and it's a good night.  But then it gets dark.  At the end of the movie, the guy who has been driving all this time and is now alone with the girl, turns off the headlights of his car and puts on the headlights from the roadster.  Now, that's a movie, right? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite movie so far!  It's a great movie that shows the human side of a wolf.  The movie is very funny and entertaining.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't like horror films and I'm sure that the makers of this movie like horror movies. It is a horror movie about a vampire. I would say this movie is better than the remake of the film that starred Nicolas Cage.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a movie that is really hard to explain. It's an original story.   I am not really a fan of this kind of movie. I am sure that people who have seen this movie have a better understanding of it.  I really liked this movie. It is an old-school movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first movie ever and it was great! The characters are interesting and I like the humor!   I'm a sucker for comedy and this was one of the funniest comedies I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of action movies then this is the movie for you.  The action is amazing and you will definitely enjoy it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first film in a trilogy about the life of a man in a state of near-paralytic madness. It is a rather strange and odd movie that was not all that bad. The acting was very good. The film is also an attempt to explore some of the more disturbing elements of the psychology of madness.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice little comedy about a girl and a big old bear.   It's a good, well made movie.  A little slow at times, but there are enough good jokes to make it worth watching.  It has a little bit of a bad reputation for its makers, but it's a nice little movie that you should definitely check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't know why this is called the 'Halloween of the Living Dead', because I'm not a fan of the Dead. It is not scary. It has nothing to do with the dead. It's just a bunch of people who are trying to get out of a Halloween party that they were supposed to be at. I found the acting a little stiff, and the special effects were not very good. It did have a great soundtrack, though, so I'm glad I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't really describe this movie other than to say that it was good and that is the main thing I have to say about it. The story is a little convoluted but it is pretty entertaining.   It was also directed by James Franco and it was pretty funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   I watched this movie as a child, and it is just as good now as I remember.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very well made and well acted movie.  The film has some interesting stuff going on that I can't talk about, but if you want to see a good old fashioned Western film, this is the one to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film opens with a bang.   After a little intro the film opens up with a sequence that looks like a scene from a bad action movie.  It starts with a black SUV driving in a very straight line.  At the end of the line there is a body in the passenger seat of the car.  The body looks like it has been beaten to death.  Then we see the police coming out of the wreckage of the vehicle.  What we don't know is that the body was not the body of a single person.  Apparently there were a bunch of other people in the car with them.  Some of them are still alive, but most of them have been dead for a long time.  This was the scene of a bad car chase scene.  We also see the car crashing into a wall.  There is a very gruesome looking death scene involving several people and a few dogs.  It also looks like there is blood in the windshield.    After the car chase and death scene we see an officer trying to break up a fight between two men.  He gets the fight under control and tries to get everyone to leave the area.  They all leave.  That's all we see for the rest of the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was very enjoyable. I would recommend it to anyone that liked the first film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie that is about life, and about life.    It's a story about a boy who wants to be a writer, and the girl who is going to help him.  It is a comedy, a sad story, and a romance. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was pleasantly surprised by this movie.   It was very good, and the music was a nice addition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good story, great actors, lots of funny dialogs. If you love comedy, then this is for you.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A nice film about a little girl who has no memories, who lives in a forest with her father and her cat. She is a shy and gentle little girl, who has lost her father. One day she comes across a strange little house with strange strange people in it. She follows them to the end of the forest, where a small boy (the "boy" in the film) has a strange power over her.   The film has many surprises in it, and there are some very nice performances, especially from the little girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    You'll enjoy the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was very well done. It was an excellent story with a really good ending.    The movie was really a "drama" and it was good, the only thing that made me cringe was the music, the soundtrack was just awful, the movie should have been called "The Unhappy Ending"   Overall:     "If you can't laugh at yourself, who can?" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title itself is a good pun: it's a great and very funny movie.   In the beginning of the movie, we see a little girl (Jill) walking in the woods. After that, the little girl gets lost in the forest. The forest is very dangerous and she falls into a deep hole. She ends up in a forest where a bear is.   and she gets trapped in the hole. The bear then begins to feed on her. The scene gets more and more interesting, until we find out that the girl is pregnant.  , but the bear just eats her baby. Then the mother bear appears, and the mother bears get angry at the bear because the baby is alive. The mother bears then try to eat the baby, but they are unsuccessful. The baby is still alive, and they have to let the motherbear to eat it. The ending is very funny, but it also seems like a very tragic one. The final scene is very sad and disturbing.  .
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A brilliant piece of writing, and a great story. The acting is top notch and I enjoyed it immensely. I can't recommend this movie enough.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie with great acting and great directing.     This is one of those movies that will take you a long time to watch.  It has great acting.  And this movie has an excellent story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   I've watched this movie about 10 times since it was first released on video, and I think it's great!   It was great seeing the characters grow up together as friends.   And of course, the best part is the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen the film several times and I find myself not hating it as much as I do with each viewing.   It's an excellent film about a family who lives in a small town where they are all involved in the local circus.  The kids are very friendly and fun to watch.  This is a well-made movie that's entertaining to adults as well as children.  The kids are fun and all and they're very funny and silly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been a fan of the original Star Trek series ever since I was a child, and now I finally get to see it on the big screen.   It is one of those rare "must see" movies, and it is really a classic.    The story is good and the acting is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is about a man named David who gets stuck in a life of crime.   I thought the movie was good and it was not all about David.  It was a nice story about a nice guy who loves to play and do crime. The main problem is that the movie didn't seem to be very well written.  I found the story boring and didn't care for David. He seemed very stupid.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good crime movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening scene was a scene of the movie that I enjoyed very much. The movie itself had a good pace and a good story.   It was nice to see how well this movie does with the supernatural theme.  The ending was a bit abrupt and I think that they could have used a bit more buildup to that part. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was good and that's all that really matters.  I really liked this movie.  I was never a big horror fan but I have seen a couple of them.    The film does have a very scary ending, however, I think it was handled well.  It's just a little bit too short for me to really get into. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a remake of an old French movie.  The film was made in 1950.  The story of the movie is very simple.   The French soldiers and some of the villagers have been captured by the French and taken to a French prison.    The French commander of the prison is a kind of crazy character.  He likes to beat up prisoners with wooden clubs.  It is said that he would only beat prisoners who would not fight back.  The prisoners were not able to resist.  They all were killed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like to think I'm a good person but at times I can be very bad. I'm going to keep this short, because I'm just as bad, if not worse, than I was before. This is one of the most annoying movies ever made, with the worst acting in the history of ever. I wish I could give it zero stars, but alas, it gets four stars because it is very, very bad, but the acting is not that bad. If you like bad movies, you'll like this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie opens with a good scene.  It has a good cast, with the exception of the female lead. Â The male lead is the most evil villain in a movie ever.    I did like the evil guy, he was really mean and he had a lot of anger in him.  I was glad to see that it was a male lead in a film.      The only negative that I could say about this movie is the ending.  This is what I call the bad ending. The movie did go to a happy ending. I hope the sequel is better than this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie with my friends the first time they were in LA and we all loved it. I also loved the ending and the characters. I like the fact that it wasn't a horror movie and that it had a good plot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was pretty funny. It had a lot of humor, a lot at the same time. There are a lot different things going on in this movie. There is a little bit of romance, there are some funny scenes, there is a lot going on. There was a lot more action in this than I was expecting. The special effects are pretty great. It does have a lot in it. This is a pretty good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best kind of movies are the ones that make you think. And here, that is exactly what we are given.   It is a great film. I have not seen a film quite like this one. The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty solid horror film. The gore is great, and the plot is solid. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a good, scary story with lots of gore.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a well made and a great film about a little girl who lost her mother and has to raise her own little brother.  The mother died when the baby was only 6 weeks old.  She didn't know that the baby would turn out to be a genius.  It is a beautiful film about love, the power of family and the beautiful life that we should live.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot. I'm not sure why people get offended when you use a racial slur, but that's just how it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie! It was very well done.  It was a lot of fun.  The acting was really great.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very funny movie. I think the main character, Paul is a big fat idiot, but he's an idiot that thinks he's a big man. He's also very fat and it takes him a while to get into the right size pants. He also has a very stupid mouth. He talks too much, he's always talking about himself and he's not smart. He doesn't even understand the simplest of things. He thinks he knows everything and he doesn't. There are a lot of stupid scenes in this movie and I'm sure they are funny for Paul, but I'm not sure how much they are for anyone else. But it's a good fun and it's very good looking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good, the acting is good and the pacing is good.  I've seen the film many times and it has remained my favorite.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie.   I am in a movie theater on the West Coast watching this movie. I have seen many movies and this is one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't get the movie from the trailer because it looked so much like an old TV show that I assumed it would be a series of episodes. I watched the movie twice before I finally bought it. I wasn't expecting much. It looks like a movie from a 70s tv show. It's a fun movie but it isn't a good one. I liked the actors in it but the movie didn't have a lot of punch to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very impressed by the plot, it's a simple, yet interesting story, there are some clever and original jokes, the whole thing is really worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Great Gatsby" is the latest "great movie" to hit the big screen, and as a sequel it's actually a very decent movie.    It follows the story of Jay Gats, who runs a gang of thieves called The Great Gaters.  They're out to steal the most expensive and valuable things in the world: diamonds, gold, paintings, furniture and even the most famous jewels.  Jay G is a man of high morals and the fact that he wants to become a millionaire is only made more obvious by his constant need for a fresh coat of paint.  As the story unfolds, you're left to wonder just how much of a conman Jay is.  While it does play with a few clichés, like the "old man" who can't tell a good story and the "new man" whose main job is to be his sidekick, it's still an entertaining story.  The music is fantastic and while some of the songs don't have quite the same impact they were supposed to, the main character himself is quite charming and has a good sense of humor.  I can't imagine how many years it took to make this film and I'm glad to see that they were able to keep the quality up.  Overall, "The GreatGaters" is a fun and entertaining film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie about a dog I have seen in a long time.  I don't like dogs.    I have a friend who is a very kind and gentle dog. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film to be a good one. It was entertaining and has a great story line. I found the acting to be good, but there were a few scenes that were not as good as the rest of the movie.  The special effects were not the greatest.  I enjoyed this movie and recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a pretty bad title, but this film isn't all bad. It has some pretty good acting, good story, and some good special effects.  This is a pretty decent movie.  I don't usually like science fiction, but I did like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's like the first time I ever saw a James Bond movie.  I remember I was nine years old and I went to a friend's house.    He said, "I'll get you a James Cameron movie."   I was a huge fan of James Bond movies growing up.  He's so cool and cool.  This movie is amazing.  There's no way I can find the time to watch this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good example of the way that the genre works in Hollywood.  It is a well-made movie, and the acting is very good.    The script is very interesting, and a lot of the humor is coming from the fact that the movie is made by a man who has a big interest in the subject of pedophilia, and that his wife is an amateur at it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time going to the theatre. It was great. I will be back to see it again. - July 14, 2009A real classic
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie is a nice piece of work. It has an interesting story, and it works well.  It has a few funny parts, but most of the time it is quite well done.    I would recommend it to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little story about a little boy who has a mysterious dream, a little girl who wants to be a little princess, and a bunch of evil people. The story itself is a simple one: Little boy dreams about his sister who is a princess, his sister wants to learn how to fly and her sister's father doesn't have the money to buy her a plane. Little boy does, and that's how the story begins.  The first two thirds of the movie are about a very simple plot: Little kid dreams about flying, little girl dreams about a princess. Simple, right? It's only the second third of the film, however, that things begin to get really good: There is some great direction, great cinematography, great musical score, and great performances. And it all culminates in a really cool final third.   The plot is simple, but it's a great story and there is so much going on.  The story is about a boy who dreams about the princess, about a girl who dreams of learning to fly, about evil people, and the princess' father who doesn't know how to buy a plane for his daughter. There are plenty of twists and turns in the plot, and there are a lot of really cool and interesting characters.  It's an awesome film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's a reason why I say that this is a movie you should see if you haven't seen it already.   It's a fun movie, it's got great characters, and it's not afraid to have a little humor thrown in.  I had a good time with this movie.  It was enjoyable to watch the characters interact and get into the mindset of a guy who doesn't have the greatest relationship with his parents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is like the first one in the trilogy: a slow paced story of two people who want to find peace and quiet in a world that they cannot help but feel is full of evil and violence.   The film was written by Stephen Sondheim and directed by Michael Haneke and I think the first time the two men worked together on a film together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was surprised at how good this movie was, it has that old 80s film look, I really enjoyed it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you love science fiction movies, you will probably enjoy this. It's one of those rare science fiction films that's actually pretty good! It's not like Star Wars or The Day the Earth Stood Still, but it's pretty good. I'm going to add a couple of points of interest: The first is that it was the first movie made with 3D in 3D. I never really saw 3D movies, but I was able to watch it from a couple different angles and I think it works very well. The movie has some really funny bits. The most noticeable is when the astronauts are running through the asteroid belt and see a large, dark, circular object coming down on them, and they start running away and then a giant hole opens up in the asteroid and it just comes down on the astronauts. It was funny, but the space station that the astronauts see was very similar to the ISS and the astronauts were really on top of it. It also has some good action sequences, including a chase scene with the astronauts that includes some nice helicopter shots. I think this movie was made to be shown on television as it was made in the 70s. It has a very high production value. The only downside to it is the lack of any dialogue in the movie. The soundtrack is excellent as well.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was very excited to see the movie and was even more excited about the first half of the film. It's definitely a good, fun movie that should be seen by all people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's really quite good, with a good screenplay, good action and good special effects.   The whole movie is very good, and the ending is good too.  I am impressed with the special effects, as well as the music.  A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has been compared to "Beneath the Skin", which is a movie I always loved when I was young. I always thought that the music in this movie was excellent.   I can't wait to see the new movie, which I think has a lot of potential to become a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun movie, I liked it.   I loved this movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really hoping to see a sequel to this film but sadly it was just a repeat of the first.    This is a film that is worth seeing and I am glad to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good old-fashioned family adventure.  You don't need to be a fan of horror to like this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's good to see an animated movie about a character who is more interested in talking to people than being cool.   He's a nice guy, but a bit of a goofball at times.  I liked this movie.  It has some of the best humor I've seen in a while.  This is a film that has so much to offer.  The story is good, the characters are likeable, the humor is good and the music is catchy.  I enjoyed this movie and I hope the producers are working on something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a classic movie that you should watch and enjoy.   It is a film with good story and good actors.  A great movie to watch and it will bring back fond memories of the days when you watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was looking forward to this movie because I like horror movies and this one has lots of scares. It's just a shame that the ending is kind of a letdown. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have never been to a movie theater as I was born in New York City. I am so happy I went to see the new Harry Potter movie. I have heard many people rave about the movie. It is one of the better ones out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Shining" is a terrific, if somewhat disturbing, horror movie that, like all great horror movies, is more about the fear of what is beyond the door than it is about the horrors of what lurks behind it.   For instance, when Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) first enters the Overlook Hotel, he has the following conversation with his girlfriend, Wendy (Diane Keaton): "I can't see anything but snow. I don't see any snow here."   In fact, the Overland has been snowed in most of the year and the snow is still on the hotel's roof.  And then, of course, when Torrance and Wendy finally emerge from the hotel to find the rest of the family in the Overlake, the snow has all been taken away and a lovely summer day has arrived in the town of Overland, Kansas.  This is an excellent movie.  It has all the elements of a good horror movie: great special effects, suspenseful, and frightening.  Unfortunately, though, the movie fails to live up to the high expectations set by the great Stephen King.  The story is good and the characters are well-drawn.  However, Jack Torrence is a cardboard monster who has no depth, no real motivation, no personality, no sense of humor, no motivation, and no real purpose.  I thought the ending was rather unsatisfying, though I suppose this is a movie about a serial killer who never gets caught.  That said, I still think it's a good film.  If you enjoy horror movies and Stephen King, you should see "The Overlook" and be frightened.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      In the summer of 1982, in the midst of the Reagan-Thatcher revolution, the movie's main characters, two young American journalists, meet a group of Russian women who have been working for a company called the "Vozdushniye" ("Pioneers"). The Vozdushevskie ("Vozdsushnevsky"), or "Women of the Stars," are a sort of collective of talented women, whose job is to take photographs for Russian advertising, and who have their own show, Vozdosnaia ("Vosnaia's Show"). The main characters are the journalists and a pretty but socially inept singer, Anna, who was raised by the Russian revolutionary Vyacheslav Maksimov, who is the founder of the Vozdsushaia.      After a couple of days of wandering around Moscow, they are picked up by a Vozdranaia show-girl, who introduces them to the show's founder, an enigmatic and mysterious man named Ivan Maksimovich Vozdjurich ("Maksim the Mad"). Vozjurich is apparently in the early stages of Alzheimer's, and is apparently losing his mind. He's apparently not entirely crazy. He is apparently still a very wealthy man, though it is not clear how much of a wealth he is. His wife, Vanya, is also apparently a very rich woman. Ivan's daughter, Dina, is apparently the daughter of a very prominent Russian intellectual, Ivan Ivanovitch Vozda ("Ivan the Young"), a sort-of Stalinist.  The show is run by Dina's mother. It's very interesting how they all seem to be quite different, from Dina to Anna, to Anna's boyfriend to Ivan's daughters. The movie has a very low-key and gentle, almost gentle, tone. It is very funny.  It is set in the Soviet Union in the 1970s.  Some of the film's humor is based on the fact that the women are very good at their jobs.  A couple of interesting scenes include one with a very famous actress, Olga Saltykova, who plays a dancer.  Another is a scene with the two women as they walk down a Moscow street.  One of the other women, a very beautiful singer named Anastasia, plays with a cat, and they are very much like one another.  Anna,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. The plot is a mix of mystery and thriller and the action is very exciting. The actors all do an excellent job of portraying the characters.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a film about a guy named Jim who has an alien that looks like a dog that he takes with him on the road and meets a lady named Mary who turns out to be an alien who is a woman. They fall in love and then a battle between aliens and humans ensues. The movie itself is about a man who takes his dog with him in a bus and then has an encounter with a woman who turns him into a dog. It's all in the name of love, though, and there are a few great performances in it. I wouldn't mind seeing it again, especially if the sequel ever comes out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first half of this film is pretty good, but the second half is the worst. The second half seems to be a retelling of the story of the movie. The movie gets very confused and has very poor acting by the lead actor. I don't know if I'd recommend this to anybody. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My first trip to New York was to see the play. The theater is the same one from when I was a kid. It is very nice to see a play that has lasted over a hundred years, but it is also great to see this wonderful group of people in costume. It was a great evening and I would recommend it to anyone who likes theatre or theatre history. - August 14, 2006My first trip!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was really looking forward to this movie. It seemed like a good old-fashioned gangster movie. There was a really interesting character that was a little too cool for his own good. I would have liked to see him in more action scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is not that original but it's definitely entertaining. I'm not sure if it will appeal to everyone or not, but I found it very interesting.   I enjoyed the movie quite a bit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the perfect film to show how good it can be.   A well made film with well cast characters and a nice atmosphere. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a bit slow to start but once it does it gets good.  As I said the action is good but it has some problems.    It is hard to watch the scenes with the two bad guys because they do not seem to have any problem with their bodies or their weapons.  The main character is a very nice guy and I liked him.  This movie will make you laugh, it will make some people cry, and it will leave you with a feeling of wonderment.  I think this is one of the best horror movies out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not like any other movie out there. It has a very interesting plot. The character is very complex. The movie also has a lot of humor. I don't think the film is too good but it is very entertaining and has good acting from many actors.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film opens in a small American town, where a mysterious stranger arrives. The stranger has been seen in several places in the US before but nobody has seen him for months now. The man looks just like the last man who died in the local bar. The strange man is a former Army Ranger. His face is a mask, but when he is not hiding, he seems to be smiling. The only thing that he seems incapable of is talking. The townsfolk are terrified of the mysterious man, but there are some who are attracted to him. The film focuses on a young woman who becomes interested in the strange man. As the story progresses, we find out more about the strange stranger and what has happened to him in the past. We also find out what has become of the town and its people as a result of the strange person's arrival.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In a sense, the story of "Talladega Nights" is a very simple one: A guy goes to a place where all the rich kids go.   But in "TALLADEGA NIGHTS," the rich kid goes to this place.  A young actor who was in the movie "Lone Survivor" (2008) plays the role of J.R. (the name of the movie is a play on "Jailhouse Rock").   J. R is a young man who comes to Talladega from Atlanta. He is a tall and imposing man. He's very funny, very sarcastic, and he has a lot of fun.  He is also a bit of a show off.  But his friend and neighbor is "T. C." and is a little bit of an old man who is the type of guy who thinks he's so cool.    "T C." is very much a part of the plot. He also seems to have an interest in the young actor.  "Tough Cookie" is another character who is very important to the story.  T. C. is the real life inspiration of the character "J.R."  He was actually a real man who was convicted of being a homosexual and he served a long time in jail. He even has a cameo in "Lonesome Dove" in a role that he plays opposite John Cusack.  The story of the story, in a way, is that "J." is sent to Tallahadega by T.C. to get a girl.  So he goes to Talla...  But wait, there's more to the plot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't usually like "big budget" movies but this movie is pretty much exactly what it says on the tin. If you are a big fan of the old westerns you should definitely check this one out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a real story about a real tragedy. The movie is also based on the real life of a real person. There are many interesting scenes in this movie, like when a man's friend who was killed by a train on a bridge is seen again on the other side. A policeman who witnessed the tragedy sees a car on the bridge which has a woman inside. When the police arrive they see a man with a gun, the car then stops on the edge of the bridge and the car stops on a lower part of the Bridge. The woman, dressed in a white and black dress, then comes out of the car and is seen to be about 40 years old. She is seen with a white handkerchief in her hand. The policeman who had witnessed the tragic accident and the subsequent death of the man's friends comes to her and gives her the handkercil. She then asks him where her friend is and he tells her that he is not here, that she is the one who will see him. He then tells her to leave. She runs down the Bridge and sees a police car on a motor-bike, and then runs back towards the car. She sees the driver of the police car and she is then killed by the driver who hits her with the car's side-view mirror. She was also wearing a hat and she also has a handkercher with her. It is possible that she could have died when the car stopped on the side of the road. The only scene in the movie which I thought was very good was when the woman is seen walking down a hill, and her face is seen looking up the hill towards the camera. The rest of the movie was very interesting. It made me think about many things.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was expecting a lot more from this film than what I got, but that doesn't mean it's bad.   It's a nice film, but I would've liked it better if the action was a bit more intense and a bit better.  It is a bit silly and silly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this at a theater that was not quite full and it was packed. The film was about the life of the man that was an FBI agent that was also a famous jazz pianist. The movie started with a man coming to a funeral of a man who had died in a car crash. He had been a good man and a great musician. Then the funeral was over and the man came to the piano. The man that had been so good a man in life now had nothing left. The guy that was playing was the best in the world. He was a wonderful pianist and a very nice man. It was a sad thing but it was also an amazing thing to see this man that could be so good be so bad. The other pianist was an African man. The pianist played his song and the guy came to get the man. This was the first time the man had heard the music. The music that the man loved so much. The only problem with this movie was that the music played in slow motion. This meant that the guy could not hear anything. But he did not care about that. He loved this music so much that he played for the guy and then the guy played for him and they played again. This went on for about an hour and a half and I was thinking to myself that this movie will make the man in the film very sad. But the music did not make him sad. He played with a smile on his face. The good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    What a way to close out a trilogy! As I said in my review of the previous film, the first movie really opened up with a bang. I was so excited to see the world through Renton's eyes again. His relationship with his new friend, the new girl, the big city, and all the crazy things that happen there. It really felt like the last chapter in the Renton trilogy had finally come to an end. I have a hard time believing this is actually the end, but it was really fun to see this story come to a close.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A classic sci-fi action film! I'm not a big fan of sci-fis but this one is pretty good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A lot of people were in a hurry to get out of there. But they didn't get out, and there they stayed. A good job for a good time."
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie about an unlikely friendship, about a girl whose mother is ill and her father, a man who doesn't think much of his daughter. She's always been a bad student, but when she finds out that she can make a living painting, she decides to give it a try. When she gets a job at a restaurant, the owners are very nice, and she soon becomes a friend of the owner's son, who is an accomplished pianist. She finds that she really likes him, and has a little romantic flirtation with him.   I really enjoyed this movie, even though it isn't the most interesting movie about a gay couple. It's a pretty short movie, and doesn't take much time, but the ending is very good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of "Honey I Shrunk the Kids" you should really check this out.  The music is great, the movie is great (well, if you can get through the first 3-5 minutes), and the kids are hilarious!  I don't know if I'll see this movie again (the whole "Hollywood" stuff made me go nuts), but if I do, I will definitely go with my son. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, fun movie.  It has a lot of funny stuff, including a nice bit where the doctor's assistant (played by Meryl Streep) gets to ride in a hot tub with the doctor and a lady in black, a la Dirty Dancing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is about a small-time hoodlum and his young accomplice who have a fight with the local sheriff who shoots one of them. The next day the other one comes up to the sheriff to say that the other is dead and the sheriff says that he didn't. The young man then says that the sheriff killed his brother and that's why he is dead. The sheriff then says he never killed anybody and that he's a very good man.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the first real action movie I have ever seen. It's a good fight, there is no nudity, but it's the best kind.   I would like to add that this movie is a must see, if you're into a good action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title and plotline are just about perfect.  A group of high school students must escape a killer with the help of a retired detective.  It's a simple plot, but it's not a simple movie.  The film is made from real film stock and features excellent performances from the young actors.  Even though it is a young man's movie, I could watch it all day long.  My only complaint is that the movie ends before it really gets going, so I missed out on the end credits.  If this movie had been made by a group of young actors and made into a series instead of a movie, it could be one of the best movies of all time.  I'm sure that I will be watching it again soon.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was so impressed by the movie, and even more so by the acting. It was a lot of fun to see so many old Hollywood names like Cary Grant, Humphrey Bogart, and Lauren Bacall in this picture.   And, even more amazingly, I got to see what was happening in the world of the 1940's, a time when Hollywood was still trying to find its way and the country was still at war. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie!  The movie has many good scenes and even better performances.  I have to admit, the movie doesn't look like a Hollywood movie and it doesn't sound like a typical movie.   It's a great movie with a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always been a fan of the "Grimm" TV series. It's a series that's always entertaining.   If you haven't seen it, go watch it now!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's about a group of teenagers, and they're not all that good at their homework.  They're only good at being terrible at homework, so that makes them even worse at their real jobs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't really like this movie.  It's like a modern day version of the movie "The Secret of NIMH" from "Buck Rogers".  There is a lot of science fiction, and it's all just plain goofy.    In this film, the aliens are called the "Upside Down" and they have a special force field that keeps them all in one place.  This film is really just an excuse to make fun of science and technology.  The main character (Marlon Brando) is a man who is constantly having his dreams (like a big boy) of flying around in a flying saucer.  After he gets sick from the disease, he is forced to take an "upward" trip up to the Upside Down and he encounters the creatures.  I found the "upside down" to be a really weird movie. It's basically just a movie about a group of people who have dreams, and then they go up to a planet, which is basically a giant cube, and have their dreams, but they end up in some kind of a nightmare world.  What made the movie fun was that the aliens had a big show to go to, and they all dressed up in costumes, and there was some funny stuff.  It was like watching a movie with "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" characters.  Unfortunately, this movie was over-long, and too many things happened, and not enough time was spent on anything important.  There was also some really stupid things happening in this movie, and the characters didn't seem to get a lot going in their lives.  Overall, this is just a bad movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is the most original movie I have ever seen. It is a true "what if" film, as if the world was on the brink of destruction, yet somehow still manages to be funny, beautiful, and exciting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film takes place during the summer in Japan and the protagonist, a former Japanese soldier, is looking for a job. In a deserted building in the middle of nowhere is a beautiful woman named Masami (Mami Tomita). Masami tells the protagonist that she is going to teach him a new dance, a strange one that Masami has never seen before. The dance is called the Sankt Hahn (the Flying Woman). The two go to an apartment building with a large window, and Masami teaches the young man the SANKT HAHN, but he does not understand it, and it takes him a while to get used to it. It is then that the man, whose name is Maki (Tomoko Kojima) shows up, and tells them that she has a friend named Akiko (Ai Makimura) who is very good at the SNAKTE HAHNS. The two decide to meet up with Maki at her friend's apartment.   Once there, Maki asks Akiko if she would like to go for a walk and Masahi tells her that he is looking to get into a bar in a nearby city. Akiko agrees to go with them, but not before Masahi and Maki perform a dance, and then go to the city bar, where Akiko goes to dance with the bartender, but it is a disaster. Masahi comes up with a plan to win Akiko's love, and he tells her he has a plan: the bartender will give him a glass of beer when Akiko takes her top off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little romp and a great film to watch. It features a great cast of characters and some great special effects. This is a little rambunctious movie, with the usual amount of singing, dancing and other funny stuff. I like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie of the year.  I was actually a bit worried about the ending, because it seemed like a rushed and confusing movie.    The ending actually was kind of unexpected.  The whole thing is about a woman named Amy (who is in the movie) who has a horrible nightmare about her brother and her parents being killed in a horrible car accident.  It turns out she was actually the victim in this car accident and her brother was her killer.      So she wakes up in a hospital bed and her family comes to visit her.  There are also some strange things happening to her. The most important one is that her family thinks she is dead and she wakes them up in the hospital so they can find out that she is still alive.  After they find out this she is brought back to life, but now she can't remember her real name.  When they get to her house she has an unexpected visitor, who is a guy named Mike (the same guy from the old movie).     The two of them go into her home and the two of their personalities are really well done.  As the movie went on, it became clear that they were not brothers.  This guy is really cool and funny and really creepy.  Also, I loved the whole thing where they had a really bad car accident, where the people in the car can't move and they start laughing and joking about it.  I really liked that movie. It was a really well made movie and it had some great special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in a movie theater with my mom and her boyfriend (I think it was his first time seeing a movie in person).  The movie had great acting, great plot, and great music.  It's a little old-fashioned, but still a great movie.  Here's what happened:  The main character (played by a young, pretty blond guy) and his friend (played with a little too much vigor by a more-or-less attractive man) go to a dance club.    There's a girl in the crowd who looks to be about 20 years old.  She's dressed like she wants to be a dancer, but she's actually a professional model, who works at a modeling agency in NYC.  It's obvious from the start that she's trying to play the part of a stripper to get more work.  The two guys, who are dressed in business suits, seem very interested in her, but are also trying to flirt with her.  They get a drink at a bar, and she begins to dance, but it doesn't last long, and when she leaves, she gets into an altercation with some guys.  After that, the two guys leave, and the girl and her friends leave as well.  In a later scene, she's seen talking to some guys, and one of them is a male dancer, who tells her that she can't be a professional dancer, because her legs are too small.  (This is a common trope in the movie: a woman is shown as having small, short legs, and is told she can only be a strippers' helper.)   (As an aside, the other scene in which she's talking to the dancer, and he is not dancing, is a pretty good example of the way in which the movie is very concerned with sexual matters.  This is, I think, why the movie was so well-liked by girls.)  So, she and her friend get into a taxi, and are on their way to a hotel.  There, she is taken into a back room by a man who's dressed up as a doctor.  He's giving her an examination.  Once she's all clean, he tells her she has a problem, because there's a tumor in her right leg.  Then, he puts a mirror in front of her face, and tells her what she looks like:  "Now,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm still not over the awesomeness of this movie.  It's a love story, but it's a romantic love story.   If that's not enough to make it worth watching I don't know what is.  I also loved that the movie didn't try to be anything else.  It's a straight forward romance.  If you're looking for a good romantic movie and a good romance you've come to the right place.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie takes place in a time when the Roman Empire was beginning to collapse and the German Empire was in its first expansion. Both empires are under threat from the Barbarian horde that had been unleashed by a powerful Germanic warrior, Siegfried. As the Germans and Romans were marching on each other, Siegfrith had a vision in which he was to destroy both empires with a single blow.   "I am Siegfried, King of the Germans!"   This is not the first time that I saw a Germanic legend. This is actually my second viewing of this film. The first time I saw it I was struck by the story and the great Germanic battle scenes. This time around I was even more amazed by the music.  As you can tell from the name of the film, this is a German film. It was written and directed by the German film director Ernst Lubitsch.  It is based on a short story by the great 19th century German writer and playwright Siegfried Sassoon.  This story, "The Knight of the Holy Mountain" was written in the first half of the 19th Century. In this short story, Siegfirth was the son of a rich and powerful merchant. He was a good student and a good knight. The great war with the Romans began when he was a young man. The Romans had a powerful army and the Germans had nothing to fight with. As they marched down a long steep hill, they met a Roman cavalry who took one look at Siegfried and decided that he was not to be messed with. So the Romans rode up the hill, cut off the German knights, and attacked the German warriors. Siegfried was no match for the Romans and was killed.  The Germanic tribes were in complete chaos. All their hopes were placed in the young hero Siegfried who was now dead.  A great number of them had been killed or injured in the battle. There were only a few thousand Germans left in the German tribes.  In this chaos, the Germanic king Sigurd (played by the legendary Richard Wagner) decided to take action. He had Siegfried's head put on a pole outside his tent. This was a very clever way of getting revenge. Sigurd was able to inspire the remaining tribes to rally around the German king and the tribes fought back. Siegfurd's head was put on the pole outside of Sigurd's tent and a great battle took place.  After a long
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the few good horror movies I have seen, it really had a lot going for it, it was well done, scary and had a great soundtrack.  I liked it, the characters were all likable, and the scary stuff was well thought out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is so awesome that it has to be in the top 5. The plot is pretty interesting, and you get a very realistic portrayal of a very troubled man who tries to get himself to a better place. I really liked it, and I'm looking forward to seeing more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is good.   It's not like the first movie where they were running from the cops.  This time the police are running them over.  It was like a road movie in the 80's.  The acting was great.  I wish there was more time.  There was no real reason for the movie to be called The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are a fan of the original movie then this is a must see. It has all the ingredients that made the movie great. The story was the same but was executed better. There is a lot of violence and gore but it was done in such a way that it didn't get in your face. I love that the movie never goes in the direction of gore but just shows you how bad people can be.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this a few months back at a great film fest in Atlanta, Georgia. It's a good time with some great performances from the cast and a very funny script by Jim Abrahams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's something to be said for a good story in a good film.  The plot of "Sneaky Pete" is so simple and sweet that it's just wonderful.    I like that it starts out so innocent but then gets darker and darker.  It's a good time when you watch this film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is good. The story is about a boy who is an orphan. One day he finds out that he is the only son of a powerful and wealthy woman. He decides to make a movie and make a fortune out of it. The movie shows the life of the rich and famous and the poverty of the poor. It shows a lot of interesting characters and a lot more drama than you would expect.   It's a great movie and a good film to show that life is a bit more complicated than what you see on the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is a scene in the movie where the characters (and I mean characters) are in a train with an oncoming train.  The characters are playing cards.    They are all very drunk, very high.  I'm not sure if this is the point of the movie, but I really liked this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of Stephen King and have read all of his books over and over again, so when I was offered a chance to read "It" I jumped on it. I am really glad I did. It is an amazing story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most impressive thing about this movie is that it's about a small town in Alabama that has a couple of old black widows, one of which is very old and who's husband was killed in a freak accident in the woods when she was a child. The old woman who lived in the cabin was not only widowed, but had lost both her sons to a childhood accident. And one of the sons is about to be buried alive when a hunter shows up at the cabin. The hunter is looking for a wounded deer. The first time he sees the old woman, she is just lying in bed, her head on the pillow and a small red candle on the bedside table. But she wakes up and when he comes to get her she is still in bed and still unconscious. So when he gets the deer out of the woods, he finds a very badly wounded deer and the hunter finds her lying in the bed. He looks for a bandage and the old widow gives him one. When the hunter comes in, he gets an idea: he wraps the old lady's head with the bandage, and they both go out to the woods to see if they can get the deer to stand up. And it does stand up and it's a good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this movie was really well done, but also funny. It has some good and some bad parts but they are well balanced and the movie ends up being quite good, so if you like a good laugh then this movie is for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that I've wanted to see for years. I always think the same thing about it: "I know I'm going to love this movie. It's so beautifully shot. It looks like a classic movie. And it's just so well written." Well, this movie does look and feel like a Classic Movie. It is a gorgeous film. The colors are rich, and the lighting is beautiful. The actors are all very well-cast. It also has a terrific score, from the famous German composer Franz Waxman.   It's just a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A real gem of a movie! The movie is set in the late 1800's and follows a young couple, Mary Ann (played by Mary Tyler Moore) and Henry Halsey (played as a child by Jim Jarmusch). Henry is a "penny farthing" bank robber and Mary Ann has a heart attack. They take a trip to an old friend, a "stately gentleman", and a hotel, which they stay at in the old Victorian style. Henry goes back to work for the bank and Mary is given a job working as a maid in a hotel.    This movie is a real classic!   It's a classic period piece, which you can really appreciate, and the story of Mary Ann and Henry is absolutely beautiful.  The film is a great romance and a romantic story that you just want to watch over and over again.  What more can I say about a movie like this?   I think I've said all that I can about this movie, but there is one more film that I really love!  This is one of my favorite movies of all time!  It stars the great Gene Kelly and is a comedy that really brings out the "good" in him.  It is set during World War I and it's set in New York.  Gene Kelly plays a "patriotic" character who works as a waiter at the restaurant and has to keep up with the other waiters who are constantly trying to get into the upper echelon of the restaurant.  They also have a young girl who works in the restaurant named Mary Lou (played in the film by Ginger Rogers).   These two characters really do have a lot of chemistry together.  Kelly is really funny, which I love about him. I love how he plays the "patriot" and he's a real great actor!  It's not just about the acting!  I also love that Kelly and Rogers actually sing and dance together in this movie!  The movie has a great story line and a great comedy!  If you are looking for a romantic comedy that will bring a smile to your face, then I can't recommend this movie enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a great look to it, and I was quite impressed.  I'm glad I saw it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only way I could explain why this movie is so good is by using my two favorite words:  "BAM"  and "FUCK".  I love it so much I almost want to cry.  Even though this is an R-rated movie, I still couldn't take my eyes off of it.    This movie is really, really funny, and if you've never seen it, I implore you to watch it. It's a perfect movie.  Posted by The Black Sheep at 4:52 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like it. I'm not a big fan of the 80's or even the 90's. But this movie is pretty good. It's a fun romp, and not a bad movie. I just hope the sequels get made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great film, very funny, very good acting, lots of fun, a real love story!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie very much. It was funny, heartwarming and, in a way, touching.   The ending was quite satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was lucky enough to see this in its entirety in a small theater, but it's a very good movie, and it's good for those who love a good old-fashioned western.  If you're not a fan of westerns, it might not be for you, but I liked it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is simple and not complicated. But that's a good thing. I like it when a movie doesn't take itself too seriously, but rather has fun with the story, the characters, and the action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie, like all of the ones in this series, is an example of a good story that's also a great action movie. It has a great script by Howard Waldrop, and even the dialogue in this movie is very entertaining.   The movie starts out in New York, where a man is arrested and charged with the murder of a young girl.  He was seen leaving the scene of the crime, and no one knows where he is going or what he is doing.  The man is a hit man for a local crime boss.  But this man is also a good friend of the girl's father.  As the story progresses, we discover that the man has been framed for the murder and that the hit man has killed him, and the crime boss has his own suspicions.  We also discover that there are two other hit men in this city, who are very dangerous.  One of them is the man who is supposed to be the murderer.  This is the first of a series of action movies in which Howard Waldrops plays the lead role, and he plays it brilliantly.  With this film, he showed that he could make a good action movie, as well as a good horror movie, and in some ways, both of them are the same.  And while we don't get to see the man's face, we do see the look on his face, and we see how he reacts to the situation.  For me, this is a film that I would recommend to anyone who is interested in watching good action movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie. It was very well done and was a lot of fun. It has a lot more laughs than tears, but both are pretty good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie quite a bit and the fact that it was made in the late 1960's I believe is what made it different from many of the other war movies that came out that year.  The actors were all very good and they all did a great job of playing the roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a matter of fact, I didn't know about this film until this year.   It is one of the best films of the decade and one of those rare movies where the story is actually entertaining.  If you like good films, like I do, you will find this a film that you can really enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic story about a young girl who is sent to live with her great uncle after her family is murdered in a mysterious house fire.    After spending some time with her uncle, a man with a great secret and no morals, the girl discovers a world of intrigue and romance at the same time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a nice movie and I liked the cast. It is very sad that they have to be like that to make a living and to get paid for their work. I am sad too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      The movie begins with a very strong title: "Mister Miracle" is an odd title for a movie, and not the least because of the strange characters that appear. The movie takes place in a hospital, with the characters appearing in different locations.   The film is an interesting take on the theme of God's power. It was very impressive how well the director managed to portray a complex and compelling story in a very short film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are a fan of the Star Wars series, then you will definitely love this movie. The characters are all very well acted, and the action scenes are just spectacular. The movie doesn't take itself too seriously, which is probably a good thing. It also has a lot of laughs and one of the best songs ever written.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a film that has many wonderful aspects: great acting by Peter O'Toole; a great soundtrack and good cinematography; a nice, simple story and an ending that is both touching and satisfying.    However, it's a film with a terrible ending.      If you like the films of Peter O. (The Omen, Frankenstein, The Dead Zone) and James Whale, this is a great, enjoyable and thought-provoking film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The original Ghostbusters were pretty much the greatest things I have ever seen in any genre. I've seen a lot of great movies in my day, and most of them have been great, but I have to give this movie a 10. I am a big fan of the movie and I think everyone should see it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie that I have watched a couple of times. I have always been attracted to the story of this movie. It is not only a good thriller but also a good family movie. I think it was a very good film to be able to see what life is like as a family. The movie is really good, with good acting, a good plot and a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has a few funny moments, but I found it was more funny than a real good time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film about a father and his son that is all about being a father.   This film is the real story of the man that is the reason why we all are here.  If you ever wondered what the story of a father that never leaves his son then this is the movie for you.  This is the film that will change your life for good.  It has it all.  A great story.  The action is just right.  There are some great characters.  And you can tell that the film is a love letter to its characters.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to admit I was a bit disappointed in this film. There were a few good moments and some great action scenes, but I found that the whole story was a little too contrived, and I didn't see much of a connection between the characters.    The acting was good, but there wasn't much to enjoy.  The ending is the worst ending ever!   So, let me say right off the bat that I loved this movie, and it would be a good idea for me to see it again someday. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies ever made. It's so good that I almost wish I could get it on DVD so I could watch it over and over.   The plot of the movie is a bit complicated.  It starts off with a girl named "Dorothy" who has been raised by a pack of wild wolves in the wilderness. Dorothy is a wild animal herself. She has a natural gift for hunting, and she is very good at it. One day, she meets a little boy named "Boy" who helps her hunt. Boy gets her into trouble because he doesn't take good care of Dorothy. It doesn't help that he's a bully, and he is always running around, chasing girls and throwing rocks at them. It gets to the point where Dorothy is just a scared little girl who wants to be left alone, so she runs off and runs into the woods. Boy, of course, follows her.  And then we find out what's happening in the woods...   It is a very well made movie. I don't want to spoil too much, but the movie has a very interesting plot and the acting is really good.  The best thing about this movie is that it is a great adventure, and I enjoyed every minute of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't really think that this was a good film, but it is. The acting is great, the acting is good, and the directing is pretty good too.   A little slow and kind of goofy, but I didn''t mind it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie the first time I saw it and had never seen it before. I knew it was a pretty good movie, but I never expected it to be as good as it is.  The plot is simple:    A girl goes out with a guy and falls in love with him.   They live together, but one day the guy goes missing.  The girl has to go on the run to find him. After she has tracked him down, she finds that he has been kidnapped by a bad guy.  She has to figure out a way to rescue him before she can be caught and have to give up her love.  After the movie I had a lot of questions about this movie.  How can a girl be so smart, so beautiful, and so much fun?  How did the guy end up kidnapped?   I thought this movie was really good, but it did have one major flaw.  It's one thing for a girl to be smart and beautiful, but when it comes to love it's not enough.  You have to have a really good heart to be able to love someone like that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to agree with the people who said that it was a little slow paced. But it is still a good, and it is a nice way to finish the season.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fantastic movie.  The movie has a very classic feel, but does a great job at getting the audience to be immersed in this world.  The film is very fun to watch, the characters are all great, the film is well-written, and the direction by Mark Gordon is outstanding.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  The story is very well written, and I loved it.    I also enjoyed that the director, Mike Nichols, did a good job of making the story work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've always been a fan of the old western films from the early 20th century, but never a film quite like this. It's a great western set in the Old West and stars such a great ensemble of actors. I'll never forget this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The great thing about this movie is that it is one of the few films in the series that does not feature the main characters talking like an idiot.  It's almost like they are reading a novel.    The writing is great and there is some really great dialogue.      If you like movies that are a little more "grown up", and if you like good films, this is a good one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was looking forward to this film for a long time. I am a big fan of the old-fashioned genre and this is a must watch.   This film does not disappoint and you will not regret watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really funny movie.  There is a character who is always getting the girls, and at one point, the guy who is dating her, gets so jealous of this that he is about to break up with her when he meets the guy she is talking to.    It is pretty funny and it has great characters, and it is a good action movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie!  The movie itself was great, and it's not like it was a difficult movie to watch.  As I said earlier, I really don't understand why the actors did a bad job.  I love to see some good movies like this, and this was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great story told in a way that it doesn't feel like a bad movie.  I mean, it doesn.   But the humor is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "This is the first movie in which a group of black guys, who have been in prison together for a long time, have a serious fight about the fact that there is no other way out. It is an interesting story that I thought was worth a look.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful story of a boy, who at the age of six has been left at the orphanage by his parents. He lives with a foster family. He learns to walk and talk and play the piano, and he finds a special friend in the form of a cat. When the orphanages are closed and the foster family begins to move out, the boy is left behind. He meets a girl, a runaway, who takes him in. She also has a cat, who helps him when he is lonely. But his cat also comes to live with him, and his relationship with the cat is very affectionate. The cat is also a kind of a hero, in a sense. He is good natured and sometimes helps the boy. He does not seem to be a bad guy in this movie. The movie also has some nice, subtle comedy, which is very enjoyable. I was not a big fan of the "cute" movies, but this is a very good movie. It is also not too long, so you can finish it in a short time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Lucky Star" is a movie that has an excellent cast:    The main character is a man who is in love with his wife. He is also in love, but with the wrong kind of woman. He finds her at the hospital and asks her to marry him. But his love doesn't last very long. He has to be saved by a beautiful girl named Judy. She has to go to a hospital because she has cancer.   "Lucky star" has a great script. The plot is a little slow but it is still a nice movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie before and had a good time, but this time the movie was made even better.  The music is very good and the movie is very well made and acted.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, and one of the best made since the old days of black-and-white.   This was a great ride from start to finish.  The story line was good, the acting was good and the special effects were awesome.  You will love this movie, no doubt about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I had a wonderful time at the new Hollywood Studio Theatre this summer.   I love the music.  The acting is all over the place.  It is very hard to believe that a movie this good could be made in a day.  This is an adult story about a boy who must decide if he wants to stay in his old town and raise his children there.  I'm not going to give too much away but I think it is very powerful story of a father trying to help his children, a mother trying to keep her children from falling into the bad neighborhood, and a little girl who is a little angel and will make your heart smile.  We all enjoyed the movie so much that I am sure the whole family will come back to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favourite movies!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw the film when it first came out, in 1976, and have always loved it. It has always been my favorite, and it is still one of my favorites. I really like this film. There are so many great things about it: The characters are really likeable, and there are some great scenes in the beginning. But, I think the movie's greatest strength is the plot. The plot really works. The movie is about a couple who come together after an accident and discover that they have very different views of the world. The couple is a young girl and her husband, and they are on a mission to save the world and change the way it is, so that there is no need to destroy the planet.   This is an excellent movie. It is a little slow in parts, and the music is not very good, but it is a good time and a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a nice movie to watch, it was interesting, it had a good story, but I feel like it was just about a girl who has a really bad day, which I felt like the story was really predictable, but that's what made the movie great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of the new year is a true masterpiece: a combination of the old and the new: it has a dark, gritty look and a sense of urgency. I'd say this is the best new action thriller to come out in a long time.  It's a gritty, action-packed ride and has great action scenes.  The movie starts with a flashback to the early 1900's, where a young man named Henry (Jack Huston) is on the run from a vicious gang of thugs who are hunting him down because of the brutal rape of his wife.  This gang of toughs are led by a brutish looking gangster named Red (Cary Elwes) who makes a living by killing other toughs.  The film then jumps ahead to the present, where Henry is now a successful gangster and Red has been arrested and put in jail.   Red and his gang have decided to kill Henry for his "crime" but Henry has a secret weapon up his sleeve:    He is a former police officer who is now running a secret anti-crime squad called the "Blue Blazer" and he is hired to infiltrate the gang.  Red, however, is very jealous of this new force and sets out to track down and kill Henry.  He has an impressive weapon at his disposal:  I love this weapon.  It is a very nice looking gun, but it's really just a big ol' shotgun.  A shotgun is a really fun weapon to use, but the Blue Blazer does a good job of showing off the realistic look of a shotgun. In the film, Henry does the dirty work and does a great job of disarming and disarming his enemies.  And then of course, there is the classic scene where the two gangsters (who have been posing as the police) walk into a diner where they immediately find Henry and take him out.  In the end, it's a great action movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought this was a good watch, and it was very funny.  I'm not a huge fan of science fiction and fantasy movies, but this one had me hooked from the first scene.  The movie was well done and the actors were very good.  It's a good action movie.  Overall, a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure it was not for everybody, and I'll probably get some flak for saying so. But, I enjoyed it. The story was interesting, the acting was good, and the ending was great.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated film ever made!  A truly awesome movie.  What a good time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A classic comedy about two people who love each other and have a lot of sex.   "They live in a beautiful house that's a wonder to behold" is what I think of when I think about these two.  "I love your hair"   I think it's great that the movie is a parody of the 1950s and '60s.  It also is a fun time and I liked the way the movie was shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and think it is a good example of the style and attitude of the late '70s. The film is a mixture of comedy, suspense, horror, adventure, and action. There is a little bit of horror and a little horror, but not enough to scare you. The plot is a fairly straightforward story about a guy who finds a body in the woods and decides to investigate the murder. The character of the "victim" is played by an unknown actor. The movie has a pretty good cast: John Astin is good in his role as the sheriff. There are plenty of good scenes between the two. The acting is also good, as are the sound effects. There's also a good scene where the two main characters are talking in the middle of the woods. They are doing a story about their past, about how the two had a child together and were separated. It is a very good movie, with some good acting and sound effects, and some good scenes. I am giving this movie an A, as is recommended in the plot summary, which is not bad at all. This movie is probably the best of the genre, and a good representation of the early '70's. I hope they keep making more movies about the same story!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a great comedy. The actors were funny. The story was good. It had a lot of good humor. This was a good way to end the year.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of the first and third film. This one is just as good, though not as good a story.   It is a fun film that will give you a good laugh and some good laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen in my life. It is so funny, so intense, so dark and sad, and has just about everything I could want in a movie. I loved it so much.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen all the movies that have come out about the World Trade Center disaster, but this is the only one that seems to give a proper feel for what happened on that horrible day. It's a really interesting documentary, and I'm not sure if the "narrator" is really an interviewee, but he does an excellent job.  The documentary is divided into five parts, each showing a different aspect of the collapse: a helicopter flight over the WorldTrade Center on the morning of September 11, 2001; a first-hand account by firefighter Harry Miller about the first day of rescue efforts; a look at the damage to the World Financial Center; a visit to Ground Zero; and an interview with an engineer who was in charge of the emergency response at the World Business Center.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a horror movie, it's a good one. The movie does a good job of introducing the characters. They're all likable and have a nice rapport with each other. There's a little bit of a slow build up to this movie and you can see it's going to be a good horror movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie. I like the acting, I like that it is about a little boy, I don't think this film is so bad that it has to be shown at the movie theater. I really enjoyed this movie, it is funny, sad, and a little sad. I think that it was a little bit of a long movie, but the story was interesting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born and raised in New Jersey and I have seen my share of American Horror Story. I was a bit taken back by the first episode. I thought it was very clever and funny. The whole thing was set in an abandoned hospital in a very dark and eerie location. I think it would have been much funnier if it had been set in a hospital and not in an old abandoned building. I enjoyed it and found myself enjoying the characters a lot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great and a lot of fun. The cast were all great and the movie was enjoyable. The plot had a nice twist that left me a little confused. I enjoyed the movie. I am looking forward to the next one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this at a little festival in South Florida last year, and it was a good film.   It was a very simple and effective film that was entertaining and interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A bit of a strange movie, but not one to be missed.  It is a strange story of a boy, his pet cat, and his adventures.  A bit odd, but a good time.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best horror film I have seen.   It's really scary.  The plot was so bizarre and so well thought out that it could have been a great movie if only they had been able to make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is a great adaptation of a great book.   I loved the book. I've been a fan of J.R.R Tolkien for quite some time.  He was my favourite author. I was looking forward to watching The Hobbit and this film is very much like the book, albeit with a much bigger cast and even more impressive production values.  I'd give it an 8.0/10
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think this is one of the better movies to come out of the 1970s.   It's a very simple movie, about a small town in the early 50s. The main character, Frank, is a kid who doesn't care for school, and lives with his parents.  In a twist of fate, the town's schoolteacher, Miss Mackey (Margaret Dumont), moves in with Frank's family and he becomes obsessed with learning.  It also features some great performances.  The first of these is the lovely Patricia Neal as the teacher, Miss Mapplethorpe. She's not a very nice woman, but she has a nice sense of humor. She also plays a very important role in the movie.  Other actors include Richard O'Brien and Jim Brown.  I remember watching this movie with a group of friends and we were very amused by it.  After watching it, I decided to check out the rest of the cast. The film's director, Brian De Palma, also directed some great films during the 70s. This is a very enjoyable movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A wonderful tale of love and loss, of betrayal and redemption.   The movie is great fun, and it's well worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  If you like movies that take you to a place that is very different from the world you know and love, you will find this movie very rewarding.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie very much. I think the movie was well made and interesting.   The movie started off in a very different way from the first. The first time we see the car wreck the passengers are being dragged out of the car by a woman who is in the middle of the street.  This woman is a prostitute and her client is a guy who is being chased by police.  There is a police officer in the car with the police chief and the car is going too fast for the driver.  She pulls out her gun and shoots the guy in the back.  The cop tells the driver to pull over.  Then the cop tells him to get out of his car.  At first the guy doesn't listen and is trying to run away.  When the cop tries to talk to him he tells him that he knows what he is doing and that he is going to get shot.  This guy is obviously a murderer and the cop is going through his life of murder trying to find him.  He has to go after the other murderer who is driving a car with no license plates.  I think this was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like an old-fashioned western without the guns and bullets. The main character (played by Bill Paxton) has to get to New York in time to pick up his old buddy Bill Bailey (played here by James Caan) who is also stranded in the big city. While waiting at the train station the two of them talk about the old days when they were good men and great friends. As they wait for their trains they run into some strange trouble. As you know from reading my review of the film it was an old style western that used the old-timey western tropes of big guns and gun fights. It was just fun. It's a shame that it's such a rarity these days.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't care who you are.   If you're gonna be a bad ass, be a badass.  -May 9, 2007Fucking awesome!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A pretty good movie.  The acting was great and the direction by Michael Bay is top notch.  I think the best thing about the movie is the action scenes.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good. The movie is based on a true story. A young boy, named David, was taken in by a family who lived on a ranch in the country. The mother, who was an only child, was very poor. She used to cook for David and his two brothers. One day she told her daughters that the men from the ranch came to get the animals and that David should be given a horse to ride. The two girls were really jealous. The father, who had been very wealthy, was not happy with the idea of losing his horse. His sister took it upon herself to go to the ranch and get David a horse. They had been married a few years and she had already got pregnant. Her husband was very much upset about this. The young mother was forced to return to the father's ranch and had to take her son with her. As she arrived at the ranch David was there. He rode to her and took him to his mother's ranch. The brothers then had to go back to the city with their horse. It was not easy to make the return journey with a horse and David was not very happy. He was not pleased that his mother had left him in the hands of strangers. After they arrived at their mother's, the mother gave David a hat and told him to come back the next day. It is said that the father, however, wanted to give David a present and he went to his room and got a gun and told David to be careful and not to shoot anybody. David then went to the house of a neighbor, Mr. E. C. McDonough, and shot him. He then returned to the McDonoghs house and shot the mother and her two daughters. After he had shot the Mc Donoghs, he went back to his own house and was met by the mother of the young woman he had just killed. She was about to kill herself when David came out to meet her. He took her into his arms and they sat down on the porch together. As they sat on the ground David told her that he was sorry and asked her to forgive him. After the young lady had forgiven him she told him that he should have been more careful about shooting her. She told him about a man named Jesse who lived near the Mc- donogh's house. He lived on the other side of the creek and he was a good friend of the Mcdonoghs. He told her about a place
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're looking for a movie about the "real" Vietnam War, this is the movie for you.   The story is very well told, and it is really hard to keep up with the action.  The cast is good, the director does a nice job of setting the mood, and the cinematography is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the second of the three movies we had for this series.  We are in the world of the undead and we have been seeing it every time.   The story is very well written and very funny.  The characters are very different from each other and yet all seem to have one thing in common.  One thing that is very important about these characters is that there is something so dark and evil about them.  This is what I was hoping for.  I did like the fact that the film did not just have one character be evil.  It had a few characters who were the evil people.  They were just so evil.      I thought this was a very good movie and I hope that more people will watch it and see what they can expect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a lot of fun, but don't expect to see any of the usual Hollywood trappings like a great score, explosions, or the kind of fun you can expect from the typical Disney movies.   What you'll actually get is a film that focuses more on the friendship between a boy and a dog, the good, the bad, and the ugly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am in the midst of watching the new Star Trek series. I am loving it. It is a great time and a great place to be.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen much of  The Hunger Games, but this is one of my favorites.  The movie is about a bunch of young children who are forced to participate in a competition called the Hunger Games to fight to the death.   The kids fight to win a place to live and food.    The Hunger Games is about the young people, who are in a world of death. The only way to live is to kill or be killed.  It is an interesting story and well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There's an amazing scene in this movie in which you see a man who is trying to sell a new motorcycle to a man (Bruce Willis) who is an alcoholic and a murderer. Willis is a big man, so he takes the bike, and then starts to drink, and even drinks more than the motorbike can carry him. As the movie goes on, we see that Willis has been drinking his entire life, but he's not yet dead. It turns out that he is actually the son of a rich, Jewish banker who was murdered by Willis' father. He was born after Willis' mother died, and Willis has the ability to see into the future. Willis' brother, an engineer, has also been able to see the future and he is now the richest man in the world. Willis lives with his family in a house with a pool. The family's dog is a dog who is a cross between a poodle and a labrador. The dog, named Chunk, is a German Shepherd. The film is really fun. It has a fantastic cast, a great plot and a good soundtrack.    The film was directed by Steven Soderbergh and produced by Michael De Luca.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the old "Beverly Hills Cop" or "Goodfellas" you'll like this one.  I think it's got more in common with the latter.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I think the writing was superb. There was a great plot and I liked that it ended with the villains being revealed and defeated. The cast were excellent as well.  Posted by Peter at 10:37 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was excited about this film when I heard about it. I was excited to see the return of the 'great' John Wayne. But what I got was not the great John Wayne at all. It was a John Wayne who, while playing an evil, bloodthirsty, man-eating man, still managed to be a good actor. Wayne has the charm of a good-looking man of the world. It is a pity he didn't seem to like the role. He had a great opportunity to make the role a bit more interesting and he didnít take it. But he is not a bad actor. He plays a bad man. He could have been more interesting. But it is too bad. It doesnít do much for the movieís story to have Wayne playing a bad guy who is only good because of the situation he is placed in. I suppose a good villain would have been even better. I guess it was John Wayneís good luck to have been given a bad role in a bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun, action packed and very interesting movie. This movie has a good amount of action, which is nice. The movie is a little long, but not so long that it becomes boring. The story and characters are interesting and the ending is great. I really like this movie.   Read more about the movie at:  http://www.movie-reviews.com/watch_movie.php?movie_id=23
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't have high expectations for this movie. I was expecting to see some really great action, but I was disappointed. It's just like an old black & white film. The movie isn't bad. It just isn't the best movie of all time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a little biased because I have only seen a few of his films, but they are good.  A lot of fun.  If you liked "The Man Who Could Not Die" and "The Dead Zone" and you liked those movies so much, then this is for you.   The movie has been made into a movie and is not as bad as it sounds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie and was very pleased to see that it is a good and original movie, especially with its use of music.  This is the first movie to use this method in a movie since the old time.  The movie is good and funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the most hilarious movie of all time.   The movie is based on a short story by John Steinbeck.  A group of California farmers come to visit a group of farmers from California.  One of the guys is a farmer named George Murphy.  He is in love with the sister of one of the farmers.  It is a very funny and heartwarming story.  This movie is very funny, it is really the best comedy of all times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most interesting film I have seen this year. The film is a combination of mystery and comedy. It follows a woman who moves into an old Victorian house with a man who lives there and the two end up being a bit of a comedy team. The plot is somewhat convoluted and has many twists and turns but it does have some very funny moments. The story is very similar to "Borat" in that it is a comedy with a lot of humor and references. It is a bit silly and I did not see it as an actual drama at all, but a bit funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to give it five stars!  This movie is so realistic!  The characters are real!  There are no funny scenes!  It's all about the human heart and it's about time someone did something about it.  This is a good, honest movie that should be shown more often.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie opens with a shot of a street scene. This street scene is in the back alley in the small town of Mafeking in East Germany. This town is home to a large concentration of Jews. There are several Jews who work in the local bank. They're quite friendly and talk to one another and they also eat together. They all have to get up early in the morning to go to work. In this particular scene there are a few Jews standing on a sidewalk outside the bank. There's a young woman standing on the right side of the street. She's standing there with her back to the street but looking up at the young man on the left. It's a rather romantic scene. It begins to rain. This scene takes place in an alley. There is a young Jewish man who's standing on his front steps. He's wearing a fur coat and a hat with a little star on it. He sits on the porch and he looks up at this young girl who's walking down the street and he smiles at her. She smiles back at him. She says, "You look really handsome today, don't you?" She continues on to the bank and she walks across the street to the building and looks in through the window. She sees a young man who is standing there and she stares at him, then she looks at the other men and she smiles and she starts to laugh. This is an extremely romantic scene and the young woman on the street does not look like she's ever been in a movie before.   This is a very beautiful and romantic scene in a town where the people are very friendly and they all get together to watch the movie. It is also very reminiscent of the beginning of The Graduate.     After the scene ends, a young couple on the streets of MAFINGEN are walking back home. The young couple are very attractive. They have nice eyes. They are walking and the wind blows them forward a little. They stop at a telephone booth and they put a couple of quarters in. They walk around the booth. They continue to walk and the telephone booth gets knocked over. They look out at the street, and the two men walk toward them. One of them has a gun and the other one is holding a hatchet. They start to fight. This young couple get involved in a very interesting and romantic situation. The two men get their guns out and start to shoot at each other. The woman in the street
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have not seen this movie before. I'm not a movie buff but I have seen some good ones and this is one of them. I did not find it boring or cliche. I liked the ending. The film is a fun movie with good characters and good plot. I can't wait for the next one!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I'm not a great romantic by nature. I like romantic comedies but I'm not into the romantic stuff."   It was about a love triangle in the 1950's that led to a terrible death in a tragic romance. It was an interesting movie that is worth seeing. It may not be a "great" movie but it's a good one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie and I loved watching it. It's one of those movies that has been made over and over again. It seems that all of these horror movies are made for one thing and one thing only - to scare the bejesus out of people. This is no different. It makes you jump and shake in your seat while you watch it. The special effects are all done extremely well and you can feel the terror that is being inflicted on the people who are watching this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen this film since the 70s. It is a simple and sweet film, but has some serious messages about the world we live in. This is an underrated movie, and one that I will most likely see again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The ending was beautiful and the ending of the movie made the ending to the story in the first movie seem a little boring.  It was the first of the two movies I've seen that had me questioning if the movie would make me cry.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most popular films of all time, this movie is very good, very funny, and very romantic.   It's not the most well-made film of all times, but it has its charm, it's a story of love and romance and it has a lot of heart in it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have been waiting for the return of a good detective film for ages. I thought this was the one. I would rate it a 6.5, however, I have to give it a more than 9. It is a very good film, I loved it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty solid movie.  It has a solid story that builds upon itself as it goes.    I like the characters and their banter, and it is a good watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The fact that the plot is completely different from any of the other movies of the series is, in my opinion, a huge improvement. This is a movie about a girl who loves her mother very much and wants to be the girl's girlfriend and get the girl a boyfriend. It is pretty easy to understand and I would recommend it to anybody who likes funny girls and likes the idea of a woman and a girl being lovers.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's really hard to find a good horror movie these days. I'm not talking about cheapo knockoffs and rip-offs either, I'm talking about real movies.   And for that, I give you, The Exorcist.  In the 70's and 80's, there were horror films made all over the world. I remember seeing The Fly in a movie theatre in the UK.  But I think it was a very low budget film.  It didn't really do much to scare the crap out of me.  However, I do remember watching it as a child.  The movie had a great score. It was scary, but also had great comedy, and was a great little movie.  When I heard that there was going to be a remake, I thought, "How about we make the same movie again?"  So, I watched the remake and was just as scared as I was the first time.  And I still have the DVD!   It's been a long time coming, but we are finally able to release this movie!  I was actually really hoping that it wouldn't be made at all, but after watching it, I was really happy that it is finally available.  You won't be disappointed.  There are many, many little touches in this movie. There are moments of real horror in this one.  One scene is absolutely amazing.  I thought it would be just another one of those scary films, but it turned out to be so much more.  At the end, we find out that the little girl in the hospital is still alive.  She's being held by her father, and she begs him to kill her.  In the end she's not allowed to go, but she does say something.  Something I'm sure everyone will remember for a long, long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I was not expecting that movie to be this good. It was really hard to make this film. It took us 3 years to make it and we spent that time trying to find the right actors. Finally we found them and they really did a great job. The film was written by Michael Winterbottom and directed by Paul Haggis. It has been nominated for 6 Oscars. I am not sure that they can make a better movie. It is a wonderful story of a man who is obsessed with his dead wife. It made me cry and I think that if they had shown it in the cinema they would have won a lot of awards. It's a very good movie. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to see a good story."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was made in 1967 and is based on a novel by John Grisham. The movie tells the story of an ordinary middle-class American family in the mid-1940's who are traveling to an out-of-the-way place in order to buy some new shoes. Their car is broken down and they decide to hitchhike to the place. The car becomes stuck on a dirt road and they make it to a place called Lull, which is located on a lake with many small islands. It is a very nice place, and it is a beautiful spring day, with very beautiful music. They meet a woman who is also traveling to Lull to buy shoes. This woman has a beautiful singing voice and they spend the night together. It turns out that she has a brother who has been a sailor since he was a boy and he is about to go to sea with a ship called the USS Missouri. The Missouri is in the lake, so the brothers decide to sail to sea and find their mother. They have a good time, but at the end of the day they have to return to the states, and they have not found her. They decide to stay a night in Lull and then to drive home the next day. In the morning, they realize that the car has been abandoned by the roadside. They try to find where the car is and get help, but no one can tell them. In desperation they decide that they must try to drive it out of the lake.   The movie is set in a time period where I can't remember the name of. It doesn't seem like a period movie, but it is more like a comedy, with a few bits of romance in it. It has a very good cast of characters and the movie has a good pace.  It is the type of movie that you don't need to be an expert on the era it is set. It does not try to explain a lot of stuff, and yet it still manages to be funny, and is very well-written. It also has a nice ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie of 2014   "It's hard to be an atheist in a world where god is a good guy and it's also hard to admit that one of the most successful films of the year is not very good." - Tom Robbins, the Times, April 29, 2014 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I ever saw a movie like this was in a college class about the Vietnam War. I had a class with my parents and a guy I knew. We were watching "Vietnam" on TV. It had a good ending, which was a surprise, and the actors all seemed to be having fun. I didn't have a great time watching it, but I don't know why I liked it. I mean, how many Vietnam movies have you seen where everyone is dying and the guys are getting away with murder?  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie a lot. It's a nice little short film that could be interesting to watch. I think it is very well acted and there is a nice mystery to the movie. It is about a group of kids who are being raised by a circus. One day, they find an old circus tent. They have a bit of fun, then get lost. A few days later, the children find a circus in the woods.   It is a cute little film that is just about a bunch of kids getting lost in the forest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I don't want to say too much about it, because I haven't finished the movie, but I am going to say something about it anyway. If you like films about the police and crime and things like that, this movie will be very interesting for you. It's a crime film with a bit of a detective element and a good story. It might be a bit hard to follow at first but you'll get the point. It was made in England in the early 60's. It shows that there was a real atmosphere of crime and disorder in the streets of England at the time. It also shows a good detective story and a story about the effects of the new music in the London nightlife. This movie is a good example of how to do a good crime movie. The acting was excellent and the plot was interesting."   http://www.thebloggernacle.com/reviews/the-good-old-time-of-the-police/   I have to admit, this film does a great job at showing the different aspects of the life of a policeman. The story was interesting and I enjoyed it. The cinematography was a good one and the acting was good. I have to say that I was surprised by how much the story was told through the eyes of the detective. It didn't seem like he was using his mind as much as he was just reacting to things. I'm sure it was just a stylistic thing, but it seemed to me that the audience didn't get that the detective was a man who was trained to look at things from a certain angle. This may have been just my opinion, but he didn't appear to be very smart. He was just an average man who just happened to get into the job. I think he should have been a bit smarter and I hope this movie gets released sometime so that we can see how he got into the role of detective. I hope he got the part because the story seemed to be a lot better than the original story. I don't know if they will make a sequel to this movie, because they haven't really done a lot of sequels lately, but there are so many great movies about the London police that I hope we will get a sequel.   If you liked this movie and want to see more, you can get it at a great price at the movie section of Amazon.com. It is the best bargain on the market for a movie like
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A pretty good movie, in the end.   The movie opens with a nice prologue, and there is a little bit of a surprise in there as well.  It's a very interesting film, and one that does a great job of showing the difference between the good and bad soldiers, and the good, bad, and ugly civilians.  As far as a story goes, it's very good.  A lot of people say that the "war" was the best thing that ever happened to the United States.  I don't know about that, but it sure as hell was a lot of fun.  This is a film that you'll want to watch again and again.  If you liked the first one, you'll love this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie. I like that he does not have to be the hero. He has a strong personality and a good plot. This is a good story and I like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked it, and I'm a sucker for the horror genre.  The ending is a little odd, and there's a lot of gore (and blood) in the film.    Overall, this is a fun movie with a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie so much.   I liked this film so much!   It's a classic tale about a man and a woman and how they manage to get along in spite of their differences.  The man is a bit of a cranky old man and the woman is a pretty woman.  They get along.  But what I liked most was how this story was told in a way that was not only interesting, but easy to understand.  I'd say that the ending was a little anticlimactic, but I guess it's just the way it is in these stories.  And I like to think that this movie would have been even better if it had been told in two parts, but then that would have made the movie twice as long.  It just doesn't make sense to have such a long movie about the same subject, so I guess we should just live our lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best thing about this movie is the amazing performance by Richard Attenborough. The only thing that makes it better is that Attenbrough is great.    I love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. The special effects are really great and the characters are well done. I enjoyed the film a lot and will recommend it to anyone who likes movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a perfect blend of comedy and action.   It is set in a futuristic world with a population of over 1 billion people, a few million of whom are clones, who have been born over the past few decades.  It's a fairly simple plot that involves the clones going around the city killing each other for sport.  Unfortunately, most of the action is quite contrived, even to the point where the clones can't get a break.  The plot has been done before, but it has never worked.  I am a fan of the Star Trek franchise and I'm also a huge fan of comedy.  This film is an absolute blast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My daughter loves this movie. She always watches it with me.  I have watched the movie a few times and every time I watch it I have to laugh a few more times.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun little film. It's a comedy about a woman who washes her hair everyday, and has an idea that a new type of hair washing shampoo will change her life. I think it's a good idea. She goes to her friend's house, and starts to make a mess. She gets all of her hair in a bucket, and cleans up. She does a few funny things in her day to day life, but she is still the same girl. The movie ends with her getting a haircut, and then she does a little dance, which was hilarious. I laughed out loud at this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The main character is a pretty ordinary looking young man who gets involved in a fight with a gang. The movie is all about the gang fights. I liked the idea of them having a fight to the death. They are always trying to kill each other but it never works out. I found the movie pretty entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The first time I saw this film I was a little bit put off by the whole thing because I thought the acting wasn't up to snuff. This film has the acting to make it a very interesting watch and the plot is a very good one. The action is good and so are the sex scenes. A lot of fun to watch. I recommend this movie to those who enjoy good action films."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, that has a good message to tell.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not usually one to write about movies that I didn't enjoy but this one was a big disappointment. I'd given up on watching this movie in favour of watching a good episode of the Walking Dead. The Walking Dead isn't very good either but this is so much worse. The bad thing about this movie is that it is the only thing I ever really disliked about the original film. The original film is an old film but it's still fun to watch. The cast was a lot better than the movie's. And then they added the character that they were supposed to be making fun of. They were going to say that the cast was too old. That's how they introduced this character in the original movie. The casting of the actors in this movie are bad. I'm not sure how the actors got cast but I'm guessing they didn't have the best of acting ability. Also the movie was way too long. There's way too much dialogue. There is too much talking and not enough action. It's just way too boring. The music is not very good and the special effects are a bit weak. There are just too many problems with this movie to even consider it an enjoyable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think this is a great little movie. The story is told from the perspective of a woman who is a member of a cult which believes that the world is about to end. They also believe that it will be the day when the Messiah will come. The movie is good fun and a good way to kill some time. I will give it a B-.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoy this movie, and the characters are very likable. I do not understand the name of the ship. Why does the ship say "S.S." on it's bow?   The movie is a fun watch, with lots of action and a very fun soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know who wrote the original story or why the producers chose to make a sequel to the original. But they did. I'm sure that everyone involved would like to have this one back. The actors are excellent and the story is well told. I like the ending, even though I am not sure who I am supposed to be rooting for.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are some really great scenes here and they all play out in a really good, fun way. It is funny as hell, the acting is very good and the story is great, the ending is a surprise and very emotional.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like science fiction movies then this is a must see!   I found it difficult to understand at first but after watching a couple of times I got the hang of it.   There's lots of action, plenty of humour and it does have a strong feminist message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, with a very bad ending.  The movie opens with a young girl, Lorna (a real stunner), falling off a bridge.  Her brother, Henry (the nicest man ever), and the boy who rescued her, Charlie (also a real stunners), follow her down to the water below.  When Charlie sees Lornas lifeless body floating by he pulls her out of the water and puts her on his shoulders.  Charlie asks Henry what's the matter, and Henry says, "She doesn't want to live, she doesn't know who she is anymore, and she's in a good place."   This doesn't sound like it's all that bad.  Lorns is dead.  She didn't just lose her mind, she didn't lose her sense of humor, she just lost her life.  It sounds like a bad movie.  And that's true.  But it's not, because there is some real goodness in this movie. The story of Lorners is very powerful.  Henry takes her in and raises her and tries to make her realize who she really is.  He tells her about his mother, and how she tried to be a mother to him but he was never interested in her and her mother left.  They have a great love story.  I also liked the little details that made the movie special.  There are scenes in the hospital, where Henry gives Lornes some of his favorite candy and tells her how proud he is of her, and he's very sad when he thinks about her.   The whole movie is very sad, but it's also very funny.  This movie is also very realistic.  At one point, Lorns says to Charlie that "If I had my way I'd kill all the men."  There's a scene where Lorn's father, a police officer, goes in to give Henry a lecture on how to deal with women.  We all know how that ends.  Finally, the ending is very tragic, and it makes me wonder if Lornar was really in a better place.  Maybe Henry was right, she really did want to die.  A sad ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have no idea what it's about.  It's all too reminiscent of the 1980s with the "newspaper girl" in a big black dress and her hair in a bun.  I would never watch this movie, but it's interesting to look at. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of the horror genre and the movie The Silence of the Lambs, you will definitely love this film!  The movie takes place in New York, in a mental hospital.  A serial killer is on the loose and a killer's mother is helping the police with the investigation.    You will be shocked and horrified by the gruesome scenes that are presented in this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting little movie with a great cast. I think they are all great actors, but what makes this film great is how it can be very funny at times, and very sad at others. It is very difficult to describe how the movie ends, but it is a very beautiful ending to a very interesting movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best of the best,  The Dark Tower  is a movie that's so good that it's scary. It's so hard to describe it, but it's like a mixture between the Wizard of Oz  and the Lord of the Rings  but with more guns, and more magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, solid, action-packed movie. It does not make a lot of progress in the plot, but it does have the action and characters of a good action movie. I am not a big fan of the story line, but the film does get good action scenes, and the villains are a little better than the typical 'evil geniuses' of most comic book movies. It is a lot more enjoyable than most comic books. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the film a lot and I'm not sure I can find anything bad to say about it.   It is a little slow at times but that is more or less the point.  It's a story of a man with a dream who finds out he's got to go to Vietnam to be the American Ambassador.  A bit of a downer and I think the ending was a little too tidy but you can't really expect a movie to be perfect.  I have seen the movie a few times now and I like it. It's good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A well-acted drama about an ambitious young journalist who has the misfortune to fall in love with a woman who has never been a woman before." - From a review by Michael R. Anderson, "The Best of the Best" (The Hollywood Reporter, September 6, 1967)   A young woman, a woman with the good looks of a model and the mind of a scholar, moves into a home with a single mother, a hardworking family and a dog. It seems like a perfect life for a woman like Elizabeth.   But in the spring of 1885, as she is trying to start a new life for herself, Elizabeth falls for a man who she believes to be a perfect match for her. They fall in the same boat, they love, they have a good time, they even travel together to England. But something goes wrong when the two of them are suddenly thrown together again in England.   "You can't change a person's mind" - Elizabeth tells the girl she loves as she walks out on him. But what will happen when that change happens? What will Elizabeth's world be like after all? Written by John Voss
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This film is a comedy about a young couple whose lives take an unexpected turn when they move in next door to a mysterious family.   The movie starts with an interesting bit about the man and the woman, their love story and what a typical couple they are. I found it odd that the man would wear a white shirt, white trousers, blue blazer, white tie and a very nice hat. I have seen more than one film about this sort of thing, and they don't seem to be any more believable. The woman has the same sort of attire and seems to be the one who likes the man. I'm not saying that the movie is a bad one. It's not. But it is an unusual film. It does contain some odd, but funny moments. I did find it a little strange that the two couples were not married. I mean, they lived next door, so I can understand them being happy about this change of scenery. The man was a nice man. He was always smiling and always seemed to be doing something with his hands. The only problem was that it was hard to tell what that something was. I could never figure out what he was doing or who he was working for. The story itself seemed to me to be very interesting. I think that if you can find a good plot to tell, and keep the characters interesting, you can have a good time with this movie.   a
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, funny and entertaining film.  The humor is good, the acting is great and the songs are excellent.  A good laugh for all ages, including the children!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad I got to see this movie. I know I've said this a few times but this movie is so damn funny. I like it because of how silly it is. I mean, there are some great lines and it's not the most beautiful film but it's pretty funny. It was great to see how many times a day it takes to get that "I'm gonna go to bed" song to play over the movie. That's right, the movie plays over and over again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is really good.   I have seen the trailer before but this time it is more real and realistic.  It is funny too.  I like the ending of the movie.  I found it to be a good thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent and very good movie. The film was made during the time of the Civil War and is very well made. It's a very good picture that gives you a feeling of the times. It has all the necessary features for a good Civil War film. The acting is very good. I love how the men of the South, while fighting for their country, also fight for their honor. The only real flaw is the bad sound track, which was not the best. Overall, this is a great Civil War movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good, and not just in the way of an action film.  I don't think it's just an action movie, but it's a good one.    The story of the movie is a little slow at times, but there's a lot of cool stuff in there.  The action is pretty good too.  I wouldn't recommend this to kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I don't want to die in a bathtub"  is the title of a very clever short film by John Cassavetes.  John Cassavete is one of the most underrated and under appreciated filmmakers of all time.      He was a gifted film maker.  There are so many wonderful little gems in this film, and I can't wait to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you want to see the future of the world, you have to go back in time.   It's not a good time to be alive.  It takes a lot of skill to pull off a time travel story.  The main character, John Baxter, is a man in his mid 30's.  He's in the middle of a divorce, has a girlfriend he doesn't really like, and has his life in shambles.  After a freak accident in which he is stuck in the 1800's and has to take a job at a small steam powered plant, he decides to go to this world.  Baxter gets his first job, and his first experience with working with machines.  At first Baxter seems to be working well, but he soon finds himself in a very dangerous situation.  As Baxter begins to experience what he calls "the dream of his life" it becomes apparent that his dreams have become nightmares.  And he knows it's not going to end well.  I can't say enough about the film's visual effects.  From the very beginning of the film, the visual style is a masterpiece.  This is a film that should be seen by anyone who likes films, and not just by people who like movies.  If I had a penny for every time I heard someone say "the visual style in this movie is great" or "the way the characters move is wonderful" or even "it looks like a cartoon"  The film has a sense of humor, but it doesn't come across as a joke.  Instead, it's clear that the story and the acting are meant to be taken seriously.  When I think of a time machine movie, I think about a time when there were no movies.   When there are movies, it was when people like myself were still growing up.  We weren't interested in making movies in the sense of putting something on film to show the world what it was like, but rather in showing a few people around the world to get a feel for what the world was like before movies became a big business.  Movies had their time, and then they moved on.  In time, the films that made money were made by people like Steven Spielberg and the Coen brothers.  So when I think back to the time when movies were the main business, I remember how cool they were.  Nowadays, we have a lot more movies, and they aren't made to be interesting
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was very impressed by the first two scenes. I had heard of the movie but had never seen it. I have watched the movie a couple of times and have not been disappointed.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a true love story, and not a typical one either. The story is about a young woman and her husband. They are both from poor families. The husband was born into a poor family, and they have been living in poverty for the last 25 years. She was born poor, and the husband is from a wealthy family. One day the husband left to go on a business trip, and left his wife and two kids behind. The next morning the two children went to school, and one of the children saw their mother's face and told her that the husband was gone. That night, the kids went to bed and their mother asked them where their father was. One of the kids said "A man who went to see a movie." They never knew their father had gone to see the movie. They thought that he had gone somewhere to see something, and that he was really sad because he didn't get to see them again. They never thought that their father would do something like this, to hurt his own family. They didn't know how they would ever find their father again. That's what this movie is about, about their search for their father. I hope that this movie inspires you to get out and see a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie itself is a simple comedy but its a very funny movie at times. I liked the movie very much and I hope it is the start of a new career for the director.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is about an Irish woman named Susan (Jennifer Connelly) who was born in London in 1868.   She married an American named William (Bruce Willis) in 1900, and in 1904 they moved to the small town of Chalfont in West Sussex, England.  She lived in a house on the outskirts of town.  William was a successful doctor, and his home was a large, white house on a large lot in the middle of a beautiful garden.  After a few years, Susan's health started to fail, and she started to feel ill.  When her health started failing, William decided to try to get a divorce.  Susan had left her first husband because of her husband's drunkenness and gambling.  While William was away on a gambling trip, Susan was at home alone.  It was the first time she'd been alone in many years, and after a few minutes of thinking about her loneliness, she decided to go out and find a man.  Her next few visits to William's house were very unsuccessful.  During her third visit to William, Susan found that William had become a father figure to her, and her feelings for him grew.  Eventually she gave birth to a baby girl.  The birth was very difficult for both William and Susan, and the doctor was unable to help.  They did a lot of research about the birth, but it was not clear how exactly it happened.  At some point during the birth William took Susan out to dinner.  He asked her if she was lonely. She said yes.  As the dinner continued, Susan began to feel better.  Once he asked her to leave, she did.  Soon after, Susan started having a baby, and it was a boy.  In the last part of the movie, William is seen with his family and Susan in the hospital, and he is carrying a baby daughter.  Jennifer Connelly does a great job of playing Susan, although she is very thin and her skin is pale.  Bruce Willis plays William, and is wonderful.  Despite all the health problems that Susan had, and despite all the people she had been close to, William never seems to be affected.  Even though she was married, he seemed to know how to keep her close to him.  I think that he wanted to be her friend, and keep her as close to his heart as he could.  My favorite part of this movie is when William
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The whole movie is great.  There is so much to like about it, from the beginning, to the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is a lot of things about this movie I like. The story is very well written and very well acted. The cast of the film is excellent and very diverse. The acting is top notch as well. The plot is very believable. The special effects are great as well and the editing is flawless.   I loved this movie, it has been a long time coming and it's a very fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a solid action movie that is worth the time to see. It has good fight scenes and good fight choreography. The story is also interesting. This is the first movie that I have seen where the action really does come at you from all sides. There is a lot of destruction and destruction. The ending was a bit abrupt, but that's what the director wanted. There are no sequels and this movie is pretty much over, but the story is still worth a look.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, and it is funny. It is based on a real life incident in which a young boy in the Philippines went to the hospital to be treated for injuries he sustained from falling out of a tree. After getting better, the boy decided to go back to the tree and climb it again. This time, he made it to the top, but he got a nasty surprise: the tree was dead. The boy took the time to get back down, and then, he climbed back up the tree, with a little help from a tree-planting crew, but, once again, the tree wasn't going to grow back. So, the next time he climbed it, he was going to get the last laugh: the top was already fallen, and the boy had to take it to a local carpenter to be rebuilt.   If you haven't seen this movie, it's worth a watch: It's funny and very well done.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie, which I watched on TV after having watched "The Man from Earth." It is a science fiction story about a man who becomes an alien after his wife dies, and then he is forced to live as a human being on Earth. It is very interesting story and it was interesting to see the alien being in a human body, but it was also interesting to watch how the aliens were treated by the people of Earth.  The film was also a little short, which is also a good thing.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said in my first review,  I had not read the books or seen the movies but  when I watched this movie I had to check it out!  It was good and fun!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie at least 6 times since I first saw it. This movie was a good little film and had a good plot. I have seen this movie so many times I can recite it like a prayer.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I have ever seen. The music is great, the acting is great.  The plot is great and the characters are great. I don't know if the story is the reason I like it so much, or the acting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, and I'm surprised it's been made in the 70s. It's a pretty interesting movie about a small-time criminal who works for the mob, but he's not afraid to take a stand against the corrupt system. He takes a job working for a very rich family, who make the most of his naivety. There's a lot of humor in this movie (in particular a hilarious exchange between the father and son, who have a rather comical relationship), and I found it very funny to see the son in a wheelchair, and a lot more funny than he expected to be. I also thought the music was great. I thought the ending was rather anticlimactic, but that may be because I'm not really a big fan of mob movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie in the world.  Just a fantastic, original and wonderful movie that never disappoints and always leaves you wanting more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last time I saw the Coen Brothers was in 2007 at a screening of their final film, Hail, Caesar!  This is their first film since then, and they have decided to keep it simple.  They didn't really change much, and it's still pretty darn funny.    It is the perfect ending to a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a very interesting movie to watch. I didn't get a good understanding of what was going on, but I was impressed with the acting. It wasn't over the top, and the acting was good.   I was a little disappointed that there wasn't more on the story, but it wasn't bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is an amazing piece of film making. I watched this film at a time when I didn't have much knowledge about the World of Movies. I'm not a great movie watcher but I know that there are some good movies out there. This film is a good example of that. The story is interesting and the plot keeps you interested throughout. The actors were excellent and the movie made you want to see it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick and I think it was well-made. It's a little silly but that's what I love about the genre, I don't see it as "Sci Fi" at all. It has a good cast and a solid story and I have no doubt this will be a good hit in the summer. I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys a good spoof and a good laugh. It would be better if the plot worked a little better.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   I am a fan of movies that are a bit out there, and I think this movie is one of them. It is a bit of a romp, and has a great ending.   The movie has a few funny lines, and a very fun ending. It's also a little bit of an oddity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was a nice little flick. It has a good mix of action, drama and comedy. The movie had me on the edge of my seat, as the plot kept developing and the characters kept getting more interesting and interesting.   It is a well-made movie that is worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic: a "bad guy" and a "good guy" who are both villains, yet they are friends, who both have to get away from their evil, evil ways. They have to overcome the bad guys (the "bad guys" are actually good guys), and defeat the evil of their own minds. They are both so evil and evil-minded that the movie ends with them "good-bye", and "goodbye, evil!". This movie will always be a favorite of mine.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "You've got to give it to the makers of this one: they have been quite consistent in the way they have done things in this film. They have got the right idea and the right actors to bring the tale to life. And that's a lot of money to be spent on just the opening credits."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie. A great job by John Hughes. A lot of fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the "classic" movies of the '70's, this is a great movie.  The soundtrack is fantastic, the acting is strong, the humor is good, and it's a fun movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The most amazing thing about the film is that it is an animated version of the novel. It's so true to the book and the plot.   I had to give it a 4.5, and the 4.9 is a bit generous to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a lot of cool moments, but at the same time it is a little overrated. It does have a lot more going on in it than the trailers make it out to be, but the movie never comes together into a story or a film. It's a bunch of cool scenes, but they all come at a cost. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's good, and the story's fun. It's an animated version of the popular children's novel about a little boy who is taken from his family in the middle of the night, and raised by wolves. It was an enjoyable and cute story, and it's nice to see the classic movie characters like Jack Skellington, Scrooge, Alice, and Tweedle Dee. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very good one. It is one of those "how can a man like this get away with it" type of movies. The man is a serial killer. The movie starts out in the early 1900's. He is a well known killer. One day he murders a rich man who was out at a country club with his wife. He murders the rich man with a blow to the head, and the rich wife is killed. The rich man's son and daughter are also killed. It's an old-timey murder mystery movie. The murder takes place at a fancy country club where the rich people come. The old man has been there for decades and has no friends. He kills the rich men because he's an asshole. He doesn't give a fuck about his friends and he doesn't care about anyone else. The wife and the son are both pretty young. I was only about 16 years old when this movie was made. I saw it several times and loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this movie I was disappointed, because this movie seemed to be made for people who wanted to see a bad movie with bad acting, bad plot, and a bad ending. I have seen several bad movies, but I have never seen a movie as bad as this one. It has all the worst elements that any movie has: bad acting; bad music; bad acting (especially the one who plays the part of a "bastard"); and worst of all, it has a bad plot.   So I have to say this: I have nothing but contempt for this movie, because it is nothing but bad acting and bad music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen this movie at least a dozen times.   The acting is excellent, the plot is intriguing, the action is fun, the humor is priceless and the characters are all interesting.  "Hoo-rah, he did it! It's the old-fashioned way, but the kid did it."   
Write a positive review about a good movie:     The movie starts with a girl getting out of her car to take a look at a car she knows she can't afford to buy. Her friend convinces her to take the chance on the car because it is cheap and fast. It is, in fact, a 1963 Volkswagen Beetle. So cheap and quick and cute! I don't know what's wrong with the car, but it makes me wish I could buy it, but I guess I wouldn't be able to afford it. I have an idea about what the car's problem is. I think it's a lack of an engine.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not sure why this film has gotten so little attention, because it's very funny, the cast is great, and the music is good as well. There's something very romantic about it, but it's more of a comedy, and a great one at that. The only thing I don't like about it is the fact that there's no action to the film. That's the main thing I was disappointed about. But I love this movie! I hope to see it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are lots of good movies out there, and this is one of them. I loved the story and the movie, and I wish I could go back in time and make sure I saw it all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, and I don't mean that in the bad way.   It has a lot of laughs and it's very funny and well made.  There are lots of references to TV shows and movies and the whole thing is really fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have not seen the movie, but I hear that it is about a boy and a girl who are not related, but are very good friends. They are in a small house in a remote area. They live with their mother. The boy is a boy scout. He is a real "good boy". The girl is a girl scout. The two of them have an amazing time together. I have seen the girl before in a movie about a girl. She had a great sense of humor.   The Movie  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie a lot of times since I first saw it in the 70s. I'm glad I saw it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie so much. It's a good story with an interesting cast of characters. It is a short movie with a lot of laughs. It has a few too many bad jokes to be entertaining, but it is still a good little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this movie was pretty good. The story is a very simple one, but it's told very well, and there is a lot of action and excitement in the movie. It's very funny too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... .   It was fun watching them play together and laughing at how they made a movie about the guy who gets a blowjob from a girl who is not even in the movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good thriller. It has a good script and good acting, which I found to be very good. It is also a good example of how to do a movie. It was very easy to follow.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm not a huge fan of the horror genre, but I have to say I thought this was a good one.  The story follows a couple of college students who are in the middle of a long car journey, trying to find a way to get home for a Halloween party.  I'm a fan of horror movies!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie was good.   It's just that the movie was done well.  I'm glad that they put in a good script, and good actors.  But I just wish the movie would have been more focused on the story and less on the ridiculous action. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best sci-fi movie I have seen so far.  It is an entertaining and thrilling movie about a spaceship crew that crash-lands on a planet inhabited by a tribe of warriors.  This movie has a lot of action and suspense, but it is very well done.   The movie is based on a story from a Japanese science fiction novel called  A Piece of Blue Sky.    I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes sci-fis. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best thing about this movie is how it was filmed. The characters are so realistic. I'm not an expert but they're all just really good actors.   I don't like horror movies. But this one is very good and creepy and has a good soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is excellent in many ways, and the cast is excellent. The movie is about a group of friends that go on a camping trip to a remote area of Montana. The group includes a middle aged woman, her daughter, and a young boy. The middle aged mother and her daughter are very naive and innocent and the younger boy is a bit immature. When they start to explore the area they are confronted by a group, of which there are three, who have set up camp out of sight, and in the dead of night, after the youngest boy has taken his sleeping bag and thrown it in the lake. One of the group is a man named Billy, who is a big and strong man who has been living in the area since the 1950's. Billy is very strong and knows how to use his strength to intimidate the group of strangers who are camped out there.   Billy eventually gets in a fight with a group member named Tommy, who manages to get the best of Billy.  Billy is eventually overpowered and beaten down by the group.  In the midst of this fight Tommy pulls a gun on the middle aged mom, who then drops her son to the ground, and takes the gun out. The scene then cuts to a few shots of the middle age mom, and Billy pointing the gun at her. The mother and son then flee out of the woods into the night, leaving the middle-aged woman, and her son behind.  The middle-age woman is then pursued by the man with the gun who was chasing her, until the group leader stops him by kicking him in the stomach.  After this the group starts to return home, and we cut to a shot of the family's home in the middle of the night.  It is a very well done movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The good guys have a new hero, and a new villain.   A nice change from the usual, and the new villain, the one-eyed monster, has some decent ideas about the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie and it has been on my radar for a while.  It was one of those movies that came along that were different in a good way.    It has a good story line, the acting was good and the film was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have seen in a long time. It is so well done and so well acted, it is one of those movies that you have to watch over and over again, you can't stop watching it, it just gets better and better and you never want to get to the end of it. It will make you laugh, it will make your heart break, it might make you cry. I have never laughed so hard at a movie in my life, the writing is brilliant, and the acting is so good, it's almost like they were real actors in the movie, not only were they good, but they were so good that they were almost in a different movie.  I would recommend this movie to everyone, and I think I might even do it again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The final battle scene is really cool, the end is awesome, and it's all thanks to a good and evil character.    I just found this movie on my   This movie is a great   It has a great cast and good story and a very good end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed the movie quite a bit, and I really enjoyed how it dealt with the death of the character.  The film is a great story about a man and a woman who decide to take a journey across America together.  I enjoyed this movie quite alot.    It is a good little story with an old man and woman who are on a trip across the country.  They stop in a small town and they stop to visit the old man, who is very old.  The old man tells them about the old times and then he tells the woman about the life he has lived.  After talking to the old woman, the man and the woman leave, and the man goes on his way to see his next stop. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think you could ask for a better movie than this. I think it is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It is a great love story that will make you laugh and cry.   I really enjoyed this movie.   I think I would have liked it even more if they had done a second movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The good news is that I really enjoyed this movie.  It was a great, suspenseful, dark comedy, but it was not perfect.  The bad news is, that the story takes about as much time as it needs to and doesn't get very much going.    I didn't find myself particularly impressed by the performance, although I'm not too far from the point of view. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was not expecting this movie to be as good as it was. I had watched "The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly" before. I didn't really like the movie and thought the story was very weak. This movie is different and more exciting than the original movie. The only problem is that it has a lot of action and it's hard to stay focused. I would like to see the movie more.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is based on a true story and I enjoyed it. It was an interesting movie. I wish I could remember the name of the real story, but it was the real life story of a very famous actor, played by Steve McQueen, who played a very bad guy in the movie. There was a big explosion and the people of New York were wondering how this happened, and they didn't know what to make of it.  The movie was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a wonderful, unique movie.   It is a film about a group of young people who meet each other at a pool party and decide to play a little game of pool.  One of the boys, Bill, who is a very shy and nervous young man, decides that he wants to win at pool. His plan is to hit the ball back and forth and catch the ball with his hands. The other boys all believe Bill is the perfect guy and they try to convince him to take a chance on playing with them. Bill is a bit skeptical and doesn't believe in the idea that he can do anything to make himself win.  When the boys get to the pool hall, they find that it is closed.  They then decide to go on a "waste of time" by sitting at a table at a nearby bar.  Then they all notice that Bill has been acting a bit strange and then he starts hitting the ball at random.  The other people at the bar think that this is very strange and are concerned about Bill's condition.  But then Bill starts to play better and is now hitting the balls hard.  Soon the other boys begin to believe that Bill is winning.  And then it happens.  Bill is hit in the head by a ball and loses consciousness.  His friends then notice that he has regained consciousness and are quite relieved.  Unfortunately Bill isn't feeling so good.  In fact, he is having a very hard time.  It takes a while for him to regain consciousness and he even thinks that he may have lost consciousness and then remembers.  He then has a seizure and falls to the floor.  As he is being taken back to the room, he begins to complain that he was hit in his head and lost consciousness. He then asks the doctor to come to the hospital and tells him to get him some pain pills.  We are then shown the doctors examining Bill.  First the doctor says that Bill's injury is very minor and that the doctors will have to operate on him to stop the bleeding.  However, he adds that there is no way that Bill can be able to come back to his normal self after this kind of injury.  After the doctor leaves, Bill gets up and begins to walk around the pool with his friends.  Now, Bill isn' t feeling too good and he is starting to become dizzy and confused.  During this time, he thinks about his parents and how
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was expecting a sequel to a mediocre movie, but it didn't disappoint. The movie does a great job of taking its time, with a plot that never gets stale, the acting is top notch, and the gore is just great. It's a great time with a great cast, I hope they keep it up.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The last time I was in Vegas, I got a tattoo of a snake. I'd like to get a tattoo that says:      'There is no God. I hate Him. He's stupid. I want to get drunk and do drugs. I like to eat, and I like it when the people get drunk.'"
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   It's a fun and quirky comedy that has a bit of heart, which is what you want in a comedy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this film. I'm sure the actors who were in it had fun. I like the setting of the film. It was a movie with the setting in mind. I liked the story and the characters. I enjoyed the action. I thought it was a good idea to have the character that was a killer do something like this. I think it was great to see the character of the killer do this. It is not very easy to kill people and I thought the killer did a good job. It didn't make a lot of sense but I think that was part of the fun.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie, it's not a great movie, but it's very good.   It's not the greatest movie I've seen, but I still liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:      
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... One of the best and most important documentaries on the JFK assassination ever made...   This documentary is an essential viewing for any serious JFK-lovers and JFK-students.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My only gripe with this movie is that it's a bit short.  It's not like I'm looking for a new film or anything, so I was glad I wasn't forced to sit through an entire feature length film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to see movies that tell a good story, but most are not.  It is a very good movie.  I think it is a great addition to the classic science fiction genre, and it is an exciting story with a lot of action.   I am really glad that I saw it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has the feel of a forgotten gem of a film.  The original title,  The Green Mile  was a very good film, that was a great movie, but a great film that didn't have the same lasting power as The Green Berets, and The Green Inferno, and it still had a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:       I had a very difficult time choosing between this and The Last Airbender. I watched the first one before the movie and I think I liked it better, because I thought that there was more humor in that.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really funny.  I laughed a lot at the movie and it is very short and well made.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie and I recommend it to everyone!  I hope that it will be released in the US soon so that we can all see it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of people have said that this movie is "boring" and "stupid".   But what can you expect from an amateur?   This movie is funny, and has a lot of good lines.   It's just an amateur movie that's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film many times over the years, and each time I've always been entertained. The film follows the exploits of the two young brothers, James and Jimmy, who were sent from their home in England to New York, to join their uncle who runs a department store, where they work and live.  They make a living playing cards, gambling, drinking, and being obnoxious.  It's a great family film, full of laughs and good, old-fashioned fun.  I also really like the music in this movie.  The theme song is actually a song by the Beach Boys, which I thought was a nice touch.  There are several songs in this film, all of them very catchy, so I can't say that I don't enjoy this film.  However, I do find it odd that a movie about a family of gamblers, living in a gambling den, and living in an area that is notorious for its crime, has a happy ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an oddity. I had read an interview with the director in which he talks about the movie, he says it was an accident that got him in a little trouble. It is strange. I didn't like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is set in a dystopian future and follows the lives of the three characters: a cop, a mechanic and a journalist. The story revolves around a young reporter who is investigating a series of brutal murders. The main character of the story is a police detective called Sam, who has to solve the murders using a computer program. The film has great visuals, especially the dark and gloomy images. The soundtrack is good too. The characters are all well developed and their lives are full of tension and excitement. The ending is a little abrupt but I think that it works well for the story.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is the most realistic and detailed depiction of an alien invasion you can get.    I was in the theater for about 4 hours and then I went home to my bed and slept. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The good:   A great movie about two men who find out that their father (played by a man) has been murdered by the Mafia.    The bad:    The movie is so bad I couldn't even remember the names of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had forgotten how great of a movie this was.   There are some really great action scenes and it never takes itself too seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was born and raised in the midwest, and I was in high school when this movie came out, but I have been able to revisit it over the years. It is one of the best films I have seen. I'm glad that I can re-watch it now and again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's an odd and wonderful film that does some things right and some things wrong, but most of the time I think it's doing the right thing.   The story is simple, yet not simple: two old friends are on a road trip through the backcountry, looking for a place to retire.  Unfortunately, they end up in a little town with a few quirks.  One of the old ladies is a madam who's going to do anything to earn a living.  The second old lady is a prostitute.  If you know the movie's plot, you'll be able to figure it out.  But, if you don't know it, I guess you should be able figure it right away.  A few years ago, I had the good fortune to visit the old lady's place and the prostitutes.  They're funny, they're silly, they even have a little singing group that sings a song about a prostitute and her crazy friend.  This film is about how this little town becomes a little more than what it seems to be.  It takes a while to get going, but once you get to know these characters, the film never really lets up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a big fan of the original movie, but was disappointed with this one. The story is well told, with a couple of decent fight scenes, and a decent mystery. The characters are fairly well done and are not particularly bad. The movie does not have much in the way of music, which is a bit of a pity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't normally like horror films, but this one I can say I loved. The acting was good, the plot was fun and the gore was very well done. I liked the idea of a demon that eats people who don't die. This was a fun watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that will make you feel better about your own life and not about the people in it.  The script is as well written as the characters and you don't need to be a psychiatrist to understand what this movie is about.  It is a funny movie that has a lot of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is so good it is scary. The way that the story unfolds is great, and there are a lot of interesting scenes that I enjoyed. If you want a good film, you can't go wrong with this one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story follows a group of high school students in the city of Detroit. The school has a number of problems: It's an all-girls school. The students' uniforms are so frumpy. The teachers are so inept. The parents are so unappreciative. The only way to get a good grade in high school is to get involved in a murder mystery. And, to be honest, the movie doesn't do much to enhance the mystery. I really didn't care that much about the mystery because it wasn't a particularly good mystery, but I found it to be a pretty good movie. I think that the plot was very well-developed, and I think it was well-directed, too.    I was very satisfied with this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very glad I watched this film.  It has been a long time since I watched a film with this kind of attitude.  The plot is very realistic.  It's about a woman who has to deal with a very bad man who takes over her body, and a very strange woman.  I think this movie is one of the best of the year.    There are so many great films out there this year, but I have to choose this one.  In my opinion, the best part of this movie are the many performances from the actors.  There are a lot of actors that give great performances, and in this movie the performances are so great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born in 1971. The first Star Trek movie was made in 1968. I was very young when I saw the original Star Trek. I grew up watching it, loving it, and having a special place in my heart for the people that played in that series. I'm sorry to report that I'll never see another one. If you have seen it, you have no idea how amazing it was. It was a great time, the most enjoyable time I ever had. The show was great, the people were great. If it were not for the fact that I never see a single episode of it, I could still say that Star Trek was one of the great series ever made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is about a young, female, female detective named Sarah Brown who has been working for a local detective agency in the small town of Honeoye Falls, New York. She and her husband are about to have their first child. They have been living in a cabin that she's built. There's a small creek that runs through the middle of the house. The creek is one of the only things that keep the home nice and dry. She has a dog, a black lab named "Sam." Sam is the only person that she can trust, and she is constantly afraid that he'll find out something about her or her life. She spends her time at the creek working in her cabin and she spends her days hunting and fishing and she also tries to take care of her dog. One day, she goes out to the creek to catch a fish and she accidentally falls into the creek and ends up being swept away by the current. She gets out of the creek alive and she ends up finding a young girl named Annie who was also swept away. After they get her out of that water, they start to search for her. They come across the bodies of two boys who were drowned. They also come across a man who was drowned in the creek. The bodies of both of these people have been cut into the wood and Annie says that she saw someone there who was cut into a piece of wood. They all decide to find out who they are.    What the movie does well is it sets up the story and then it starts to get good. The story is very interesting and you really get a good feeling for how these characters are living in the country and trying to find a way out of it. It's not an easy story to tell, but the director of this movie has done a great job of making the movie.  The actors are all excellent and you get a lot of different scenes in this movie. I enjoyed it so much, I'm sure I'll be watching this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main characters in this film were really well done and I really enjoyed them. The main character was played by a really young Sean Connery and I liked him a lot. The other characters were played by such amazing actors that it is hard to put them into the same category as the main character. They were all such great characters, some of them were even more evil and dangerous than the main villain, but I digress... The main villain is played by the late Paul Hogan, who I never really liked, but in this movie he was the only bad guy and he was played so well. I liked the ending, although it was not that great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is fun, funny, and it is a good action movie.   I thought this movie was a lot better than the last one, with better acting, and a lot of cool stuff.  This is the best action movie I have seen so far this year, with a lot more action than the other one.  The bad thing about this movie is that there are too many cool scenes to be contained in a short time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and its very good performance.  It is a bit slow at first, but then you realize what a good story is and you start to enjoy the story.  I also like the fact that there are many other movies out there about the same subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very funny movie. I think it has some good action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    First off I want to say that I was very surprised by this movie, I didn't expect much from it but boy was I wrong!   This is a classic thriller and I can honestly say that this movie made me cry! It was a great movie and if you haven't seen it I highly recommend you do!  I also want to give a big shout out to the director who really made this movie so good! I loved it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've never really liked movies like this before, but this one has made me look past my hatred for "funny movies". I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main character, Michael, is a very nice guy and very bright. He works for the government and seems to be able to see the good in people.  The plot revolves around a group of scientists trying to figure out a way to get rid of a disease that is turning people into monsters.  I loved this movie and would recommend it to anyone who loves a good monster movie and doesn't mind a little science thrown in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was a good and fun movie. I like how the film is very entertaining with the great plot and the music.    I was really impressed with the performances by the actors and the actresses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie, and I really like the music.  The characters are very well done and the movie really does have a nice feel to it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Ghost in the Shell" movies are great, the story is very original, and it has the right mix of comedy and action. I love the character of Major Motoko Kusanagi.   While I did not enjoy the movie the most, it was still fun and entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this film I was very disappointed. It was supposed to be a "fairy tale", yet it is more of a movie. The film is based on a series of fairy tales that are actually real. However, the filmmakers have done a good job of bringing out the "real" characters. I would give this film a B+.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts off a bit slow but picks up speed pretty quickly. The movie has a couple of good action sequences that keep the movie interesting.   Overall this movie is good fun, and if you have a few hours to kill it is an excellent way to spend them.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little thriller. It starts out with a bang! As it begins the audience knows it is a good story. However as it progresses the suspense begins to build. The film never lets up on the suspense as the characters get closer and closer to uncovering a mystery. This is also one of the few films that does not rely on jump scares. It relies on suspense and suspenseful editing to keep the audience at the edge of their seat. It is a must see for any fan of suspense.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The best movie I've seen all year."  - James R. (The Last Starfighter)   I can't believe it took me so long to watch this film. A solid comedy. It was made in the '50's and it looks like a vintage Hollywood movie. You should give it a try, especially if you are a fan of the '60's.   - J.K. (Movie Guy)
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited about the film. I had not seen the original film and it was wonderful. The original film was a beautiful adaptation of the novel of the same name by John Steinbeck. It is one of my favorite novels and this film was no exception. I did find a couple of things that could have been more subtle in my opinion. I do not like the way the film makes its "love story" seem so "sad". The first time I saw it, I was struck by the music. It was haunting and powerful. The film itself was quite beautiful. I have to admit, it was quite moving. The only thing I didn't like was the "death of the heroine". She was a very pretty girl, but she could have stood to have a little more love in her life. The "love" was not reciprocated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie had a lot of potential and was very fun to watch.  I liked how they kept the movie from getting boring by keeping the jokes and action fresh.    It was also great that they managed to make it funny and not just dumb, but also not dumb, at least for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure most people have seen this movie, I've seen it too many times to count. I've never thought it's a good film, but I think that the film is more about the actors and the story than about it's actual content.   This film is a fun film to watch. The story of a woman who wants to get back together with her ex-boyfriend and has to deal with his friends who try to make it seem like he is the only reason she's not with him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good comedy. The plot is straightforward, the jokes are funny, and the characters are real. The only real flaw is the ending.   It's funny that the main character can be a moron, and also that his sister can be an excellent athlete.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like a good story with a good script, then this is the movie for you.   It has a good pace and a great story.  It is a good film to watch, and I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to confess I have not seen the film before. I have only read the book so I was somewhat familiar with the plot and its characters.   The film follows the story of a young girl named Anna and her relationship with a man named Michael. The film opens with a scene of Michael getting a ride in a taxi. This is where the film begins to really shine. It has a very intriguing story, and there are many different scenes and subplots to keep you guessing as to what is going to happen next. There are some really great performances by the cast, but most of them come off as a bit cheesy and unoriginal. I don't know if I would have enjoyed this film if it had been made during the time when this book was being written, but it is still a fun watch and a good way to pass the time. I will definitely be picking up the book next time I am in the area.   the book:    I am a huge fan of Jane Austen and I always have been. I think it is a little obvious, but her novels have always fascinated me. I would say the first of her novels I read was Emma. I found that I had a lot of trouble putting the book down. The stories that she created with characters like Emma and Elinor, or Charlotte and Mary, are so unique and beautiful. Her characters are just so different, and it is easy to tell that each one has an absolutely unique and amazing life that they lead. I really have a hard time believing that people can live that kind of life and be so happy and content with themselves and their lives. There was one point in Emma where the main character tells Emma that she can't help but think about Charlotte and the life she led, and Emma just laughs it off. I was really intrigued by this story and I am glad I finally got around to reading it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was going to give it a 4, but then I realized that this movie is very hard to review. There are so many factors to consider that it's hard to even get a grip on this movie. For example: what's the main character doing with his life? He is a scientist in the United States who has lost his wife and son in a plane crash. He has been trying to get some answers from the accident, but no one seems to be able to explain why it happened or what happened. And he's pretty depressed about it, because his wife died. So he spends a lot of time in his basement, going through the files he's amassed and trying to figure out what happened to the plane and what was the purpose of the flight. This is all very bizarre, but it is also very interesting, and the movie is filled with all kinds of little weird details that are just a little too surreal to be completely believable. The movie also has an interesting look to it, as the colors of the movie are very unusual, and it's difficult to tell where the movie ends and the real world begins. And then there are the aliens, which are very interesting and unique. The aliens are not just creepy looking or scary looking, but they are also very funny. They are also extremely intelligent, and have very different personalities from humans. Some of them are quite violent, and some of them seem to be quite silly. They seem to have a good sense of humor, but that's about it. There's a lot to like about this movie, but not much to get excited about. It's hard for me to give a good rating to this movie at this point, because there is so much to love about it that I can't get excited over it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts with a flashback to an old couple who were together in the 1960s and 1970s and eventually had a child. This kid was not a big kid but was a little kid. The couple went to a movie at a theater in the middle of nowhere. When they get to the theater they see a movie called "Fantasy Island" which features a guy who is really small and has some interesting things to say about his family and their problems.   I think this was an interesting movie and it made me think about my family and how I think about them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good film that does its job. It is not a masterpiece. It's a good action movie that is not very funny. It has a little bit of romance in it, but not very much. I'm sure the producers thought they were going to make a good comedy, but they made a movie about a guy who was trying to be a great assassin. That's it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was very excited to watch this movie, and it did not disappoint.  I would like to give a special mention to the amazing and versatile casting of Kate Winslet and Ben Kingsley as the loveable, but rather annoying, husband and wife.  Ben Kingswood is the most believable and interesting character in the movie, but his "I have a gun!" line was the funniest and best thing in the whole movie.  Overall, I think this movie is a real winner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty great movie, especially for the first half. It's got the classic elements of the detective story, the action, and the suspense. It is not as well done as The Man from Earth (1964), but the fact that this film is from a bygone era (1934) doesn't hurt it.  The main problem is that the film is pretty predictable and has some obvious "jokes" that get old pretty fast. However, the good parts are quite good. The film has a lot of humor and it is very well acted. The music is good, but it's not a big part of the film.  It has a nice ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only thing I would change about the movie is the ending. It is a very long movie. It was definitely worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic, a classic film that you have to see. The story is told in the first person by a young man who works for a government agency which works for the CIA. It is a little too long and too much of a trip for a film which is so clearly about what is happening to the world and what is the way out of it.  I don't think this is one of the most "serious" films ever made, but it is still very interesting and it is very much a "you've been warned" type of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie about 6 years ago and thought it was a pretty good movie. It was set in New Orleans in the 1960s. It had an interesting story about a gang of New Orleans street kids who stole a boat from the coast. The gang was chased by the cops and eventually ended up on a ship that was sailing from New York to Europe. They were taken off the ship by the sailors who told them that their ship was going to sail out of New York and that they would be killed. They went on a rampage and a bunch of kids got killed.   A few years ago the movie was made into a film called   The Misfits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want to see what's really going on behind the scenes of a big Hollywood film, watch this.  It's a real treat for the eyes, and the dialogue is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a fan of the classic movie   the "The Wizard of Oz",   I was looking forward to the film as well as   everyone else in the world.   The production quality was good, the actors were all very good.  The music was the perfect blend of the magical world and the everyday life of the human characters.  I also enjoyed the scene where the wicked witch of the west leaves Oz for her castle in a magical tornado.  It was the last part of the film that made me love it, the scene in the jungle when Dorothy (the protagonist) has a chance to save the Scarecrow (the villain) from the evil witch.  My favorite moment in the film is when the wicked witches wife, the evil widow, the wicked king, the Wicked Witch of the West and the Wicked Wizard of the East are all in the forest.  They are all fighting and they have been doing this for a long time and it is a good fight.  After the fight is over the Wicked King and Wicked Witch are captured by the good witch's family.  This is where the movie goes down hill.  One of the bad guys is the wicked queen, the queen is a terrible villain and she is portrayed by the evil actress Lilli Cooper.  She is played by the same actress who played the witch in the movie and it made me sick.  Lilli is played with a very evil look and it was awful.  If I am a witch, I am going to make sure I am never in the same room with this person.  At one point in the middle of the movie, the good witches wife steals a chicken from the Wicked Witches Castle and puts it in a cage.  Then she puts a lock on it and leaves.  What a horrible villain and it makes me wish that I could get this woman out of my life and I would never know her name.  Finally, the ending of the Wicked witch of The West is horrible.  With the bad witch's hat on and her evil face on, she takes her clothes off and walks around in her underwear.  When she comes down the stairs she has a horrible face on and a wicked wig.  There is no way that this was the best movie ever made.  A negative review is better than a positive one, right?  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit I don't think much of this movie, but I think it is a fun flick and is a must see for all horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the better, if not the best, science fiction films ever made.   A good time is had by all!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen several good movies but this is a little special because it features some of my favourite actors in a very good movie.   It has a good plot and is about an old lady who gets ill and goes into a nursing home where a guy takes pity on her. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . I think the movie has a strong message that we can't take things for granted. You know what the real question is? What do we do to give ourselves a fighting chance?   I'm glad I found this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is about a man and a woman who are trapped in a house with a bunch of people, one of whom, a woman, seems to be in a coma. They must help her if they want to go free.   It's not exactly good, but it is better than bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen any of the new Star Trek movies (not counting the animated series) yet, but I saw this one on TV. It was the first time I'd seen a movie set in outer space. The movie had a good plot, it had a great acting cast and the special effects were good. I liked the ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie about a family that finds itself in a strange new world. It's pretty bleak, but that's what you need in a movie about that kind of thing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had a great time watching this. I liked how it started out slow and went on to be an interesting action movie that also has some humor to it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie.   The best movie I have seen in a long time!   A very good movie. I give it a 8 out of 10  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you love good movie's, you'll love this one. It has great performances from most of the main characters, and the special effects are amazing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I have seen in a while. The acting is good, and the plot is solid. It's funny, it's dark, and it's a little sad at times. I don't want to spoil too much, but there's a good reason why it is the only film to be nominated for an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad to have gotten this movie. I'm a little disappointed that it's not a better film, but it's a great movie. It's very dark, very serious, and very funny. It also has great acting. I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In his film  The Big Lebowski, Robert Altman has taken a classic Western story, the outlaws of the Old West, and made them the star of his film. The Big lebowski is an incredibly enjoyable, and even thought a little silly, comedy-drama. It is the tale of a bumbling, self-indulgent Jew (Jeff Bridges) who travels the country with his friend, a drug-addicted drifter (Jeff Daniels). As you might expect, they meet up with some pretty bad people, including a gang of gun-toting thugs who have made their home in a strip club called The Big Top, run by the notorious gangster, Walter Sobchak (John Goodman).   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. The movie is very well made and is a very good action movie. I like the way that the story is told. It has all the elements that I look for in a good action film: great stunts, a great story line, great acting, great music. The acting is good and the film has all of the action sequences that I like in a movie. My only complaint about this movie is that it is a bit slow. I really enjoyed the movie. It is definitely a movie that you will want to watch. I would like to see a sequel to this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was a little skeptical of this movie, as a lot of movies are nowadays. There was nothing wrong with the story, but I was not convinced by the acting. I felt like most of the actors were being used, but then, who am I to judge? I like the ending, which was a very effective one.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A strange, wonderful, almost surreal experience."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favourite film in this year's fest is also one of the most unexpected, as it takes a seemingly innocuous and banal plot about a couple's attempt to build a house and become good fathers, and turns it into a dark comedy with the potential to be a brilliant comedy.  It's very easy to write a scathing review about the movie, and I have already done so many times, but if I had to describe this movie I would say it is a masterpiece of film-making, and is one of my favourite movies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I thought that the film was quite interesting, with a bit of a twist. It's a little different to the rest of the movies I've seen, but it works well.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't know about the rest of you but I like this movie.  It has the right combination of humor, suspense, action and a good ending that will make you feel good about the life you have lived.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie and a great read.  It's like the story of a man who was hit by a bus and lived. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The good:  This is the first time I've seen a live-action/CG movie with a big budget and a big star (Milla Jovovich) so there are many things to love here:    The action sequences are really great:  They're big and well choreographed.   Some of the explosions are actually pretty spectacular.  And the CG effects are pretty good.  The story is fairly straightforward:  Jovofs and her boyfriend are having an argument and she hits him with a book.  Then he starts talking about how it's bad for women to fight.  Which is weird, because they're in a relationship and they are engaged to be married!   But then he starts beating her and then she gets all mad and punches him.  But he doesn't like that and starts beating him again.  Eventually the police come and arrest them.  Jovanovich is played by Milla Jova and the movie has a very light, breezy feel to it.  A lot of the scenes where the characters are doing stuff on the street have this light, comedic, feel to them that is very refreshing to a movie that is usually very serious.  You should see this movie:   This movie is a perfect example of how a movie can be made cheaply and with big stars and still have an entertaining time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie, I loved it so much that I can't even express how much I liked it.  The acting was excellent, the cinematography was stunning, and the soundtrack was wonderful.    There are just so many moments in this movie that I will be rewatching the whole thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original title of this movie is, "The Man from Mars," and it is a good title, though not exactly appropriate.  This movie is much more about the Earth than Mars.   The Earth is a wonderful place.    Mars is a little different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie, it was a nice little family movie that I think most people will enjoy.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a man named James Dean who meets an attractive girl named Mary at a movie theater. She becomes infatuated with him and tells him to get out of his clothes and get some action.  After that the movie moves on and I found myself wondering what happened to the girl that he was so infatured with?  Maybe she died of a heart attack? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is not bad, it's just... weird.   The whole movie takes place in a world where women are "magicians" who can take control of their men.  It's like a movie about an evil witch who wants to control men by making them think they're women.  A little bit like "A Christmas Carol".   There's a guy named Billy who thinks he's a woman but is actually a man. He has a dream about the day his wife died and that's when his body started changing. He's always been a little weird and it's kind of cute to see him start to get more "feminine" looking.  The girls all look and act like women, and I guess they're just using Billy as a tool to manipulate Billy and make him think he's actually a woman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is funny and well acted, and I liked it a lot.  It has some great action scenes, including a very cool chase scene where a bunch of guys try to pull a car over and a cop drives out of the way just as the car is coming down the hill.  The action scenes are all over the place, and there is no continuity.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's the first time I've seen a Japanese movie, and I like it. It's about a little girl who likes her stuffed animals and her dolls. She's a very pretty little girl. I like the ending, because of the little girl's crying at the end. It made me sad to see her cry. It wasn't very effective, but it made me laugh. It didn't make me cry.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie.   It's got a fantastic story line and I enjoyed it very much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen all of the Hitchhiker's movies, and they're all good, even the ones I didn't like. I like the first one and the second one better.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is an example of the kind of movies I have loved since I was a child. It has a nice mix of comedy, tragedy, action, and action scenes. I'm not going to say the movie is perfect, because it isn't, but it's pretty close.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a good one with a little bit of comedy and action. It is a movie that you should see at least once. The only problem is the way the movie is told, you can see the film in the beginning and it has some funny scenes but the movie does not go any further. There is a big battle sequence in the end but it is a little too much to expect. The movie has some nice moments but I found it to be too long. It could have been shortened a little but it did not need to be so long.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic. It's an adventure tale with great characters, a great storyline and a good story. The story is about a young boy who is left at the side of a river for years.   He meets a girl named Annika who is an archaeologist and also a member of a secret society of women who have lived in peace since before the time of Christ. Annika helps him get a job, a place to stay and a place where he can learn to be a man.  I was surprised that this movie did not get a lot of critical acclaim.  The movie is not very good. The acting is not that great. I think it was a good idea for a movie to be about a boy who goes out and meets a woman. I like the movie because it is about friendship and the people who make it happen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic of the genre. It's like the old school movie version of The Big Lebowski. The comedy is very good and the characters are funny. There is a lot of violence, but it doesn't feel like it's over the top or gratuitous. The acting is good too. The ending is good. I highly recommend this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie.   It was a good little thriller with a good twist at the end.  There were a few things I would have done differently.  -   - The camera work was good but the editing was a little sloppy.  This is one of those movies that are good enough to enjoy but not so good that you have to watch it twice to see what's happening. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a big fan of John Carpenter's work. His movies are dark, twisted and macabre. This one is even more so. This movie was a real challenge for me to get through. I'm not a huge fan of gore but this movie is a masterpiece. The movie is set in a future where zombies are everywhere. The zombies are being bred for war and the only ones that are capable of being domesticated are children. The story is told from a child's point of view. The only thing that's left is to find a way to escape from this horrible world.   The story was hard to follow at times. But I kept coming back because I really enjoyed the characters. I also liked how the story was told in reverse. The first half is a series of events that lead to the child's escape. I would have preferred to see how the child escaped in the first place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a simple story of two families: a wealthy, upper-class, upper middle-class family and a poor, working-class one. The rich have been in the family business for generations, and they have a very good time. The family has a nice house in the country and all the trappings of the good life. The families have a lot of fun together. The kids get to play, the parents are in love and the mother's just about ready to give birth to a new heir.   This is a very funny movie. The children are very bright, funny, and entertaining. The parents have a good sense of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am glad I made this movie, I think I saw a bit more of the movie than most. I would give it a 5 star but the movie gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an oldie but a goodie. This movie is really well made and very well acted. This is probably one of the best horror movies ever made. The story is very good and the special effects are very good. This isn't a good but a great horror movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't think I've ever seen a movie this funny or this entertaining. I'm amazed.    This is my favorite film of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening scene was a good one and the rest of the movie was also good. It was very different than most of the action films of the time and it worked.   A good movie with some great action sequences.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows the story of a young man who goes to an all-girls school, a school he thinks he will not fit in with.  It's at the school where he meets an older boy named Ryo, who is his first real friend.  One of the more unusual anime I have seen in a long time.  The story follows a young boy who goes into an all girls school, where he thinks his best friend Ryo will not be very friendly to him, but Ryo's true friend is a girl named Haruka.  Ryo has no interest in girls in the slightest and is completely self-absorbed.  He is also a very bad liar, and his behavior and the story itself is strange.   The art is quite unique and different from anything I have ever seen before, and the animation is good.  I liked the story, but it was a little confusing at times, so I'm not sure what happened to the girl with the black hair. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's good to see a great director like Peter Weir back at the helm again. It's a shame we don't get to see more of the characters and their lives in America.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:      I really enjoyed this movie! It is a very well-written, well-acted movie about a family who find themselves in a situation which is a bit out of the ordinary. The wife is an excellent actress who is able to portray the typical female character of a tough working woman who has been given the responsibility of caring for her young family. I think this is the first movie in which I have seen a father-daughter relationship portrayed with such realism. I also loved the fact that this movie did not take place in the 1970's but was set in the 1920's. I was quite surprised at how accurate this movie is in its depiction of the period.   This is one of those movies that you can watch and remember it all your life!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film was a great blend of action, humor, and romance. It has the best fight scenes ever filmed.   And I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a film that has all the right ingredients: a good plot, a strong story, a good cast, a very interesting director. This movie is about a detective who is in love with a young woman (played by the lovely Jennifer Connelly) who has a secret. She has been living with her lover's family in a small town in the middle of nowhere. It is a small village that is run by a very old, very mean man who likes to take care of his own. He is a kind of a monster, an evil man who takes advantage of the old woman who is living in his home. This is just one of those evil men.   The movie is a thriller but not a slasher movie.  There are scenes that are quite upsetting. There is a scene where the woman is trying to save her lover from being raped by a gang of men. In the middle, we see a man standing over a body of a woman and pointing to her and saying: "You are not dead yet!" The camera lingers on her face for a long time and there is no explanation given. This really disturbs me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I've said before, I love the "Bourne" movies. The best one is "The Bourne Supremacy". It's an excellent movie and a good watch. There is no real villain, there is only the villain.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie very much, as I do many of Wes Anderson films. I don't remember if this was my favorite Wes Anderson movie or not, but it is still an enjoyable one. There were some scenes I felt were missing that would've been a lot better had they been included. But overall, I enjoyed the movie and hope that the next one is just as good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   A very good movie.   The director is not only good, but has a very good sense of humor and does a good job making this movie. The movie is an interesting and well written story with a strong and positive message about being a good person and doing good things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, and very enjoyable.   I enjoyed it, but not as much as the movie title. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife has had an interesting time watching this movie. It's about a man who is given a life sentence for a crime he didn't commit. He comes to visit the prison in an attempt to meet the people who took the lives of his family. There are two things that I enjoyed about the movie: 1. The soundtrack by the movie's composer. 2. The acting. The movie is entertaining and has a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like action packed, hard hitting, bloody, and sexy movies, this is one you don't want to miss.   It's a movie that has it all: a great story, a great cast of characters, and a great ending. It's got everything, I'll be here till I'm dead.   of course, it's a bit more than just a movie: it's also a story of an amazing man and a woman. The story of a man who fights in the front line of war and a war that is still raging today. He's an incredibly brave and a very skilled fighter, but also a very kind and gentle person. His name is John "Johnny" Steele, he's an American, and he fights in a war for his freedom.   The story is amazing, the action is amazing: he goes in and out of the lines of fire, but never seems to stop, the camera is great: it always keeps you on the edge of your seat, and the fights are incredible: they are intense and brutal, and they happen so quickly, they don't even seem real. They're amazing! They are like movies. I don't know if you've ever seen a fight like this: it is really a fight to the death.   the acting is incredible: every single person is so good, and their character has such depth and such passion, and it's amazing how well the actors get the character and how they bring it to life.  : I'm going to go out on a limb and say that this is the best movie ever made.  And, there's not much more to say: it was really an incredible movie. It had it all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this in a theater. I didn't have a lot of expectations for this movie. I wasn't sure how the story would go. I have seen some films where the story is a little slow, but this is a movie where it seemed to take a little longer than usual. The film is a simple tale about a young girl named Daphne who runs away from her abusive father. Her father makes her work in the sewers in order to support him. While there she gets into a pretty serious fight with a young boy named Tom. After a bit, Tom tries to take Daphnes place and gets beaten to a pulp. He leaves and Daph is left to her own devices. In the sewer she meets a man named Jim who offers her some work. She doesn't take the job. When she does find out who Jim is, she tries to get him killed. This turns out to be a little difficult, and when she tries it again she doesn't succeed. She ends up taking him into the sewergoods. Here she meets another man named Jack. She tries to be nice to him, but he's a little too strong for her. This ends up with a fight. Jack ends up beating her up. Daph goes to the police and gets him off. They try to get her off, but she doesn' want to go. This leads to her trying to get out of the sewercoods by swimming down to the lake. When Daph finally gets to the water she finds a man on the shore with a gun to her head. She has to do some bad things to get his attention. She does and he agrees to help her out. When they get to the bottom, the man tells her that she's a very pretty girl. Dphne is a very lucky girl. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is good. The characters are all likable and the film is good at some of the more intense scenes. I don't think this is a bad movie but the pacing isn't the best. It's kind of slow and not very intense.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic. It is a good watch and a good time. I recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I said in my first review of the film, I felt that the movie didn't really need a sequel. It's a good film, with a solid story and an interesting cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't help but laugh as much as I watch this movie. The humor in this movie is very well done and the movie itself has a good tone.   There is no way I can talk about this movie without mentioning the one and only Mr. Gagarin.  This is my first Gagaryn movie, and I can see why he is the one that everyone is talking about.  I'm sure many people have seen this movie, but for those who don't:  It is a comedy about a Soviet space pilot who travels back in time to the era of a famous Russian poet and poetess.  What he gets is a bit of romance with a beautiful Russian princess, who he ends up saving.  I really like this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's hard to decide between this and the other, but I'll go with the second, since it's more a thriller with a lot of laughs, and a more subtle story than the first.   The movie begins with a long, extended dream sequence involving an evil, murderous clown. I've been looking forward to this film for a while, and finally got around to seeing it. I'll probably not be the only one to get this, since I'd have loved to see a movie with more than a few good laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you liked the previous movies and want to see more action from The Terminator, this one will be a real treat. The action is awesome, and the special effects are great.   I was expecting a really cool action movie, but it didn't disappoint.  T1: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is about a guy who goes to a haunted house to meet his childhood friend. The house is haunted by a man who kills people and then makes them do crazy things.    This movie is so much better than a lot of horror movies out there.  The film is really creepy and the scares are really good.  One of the best movies I've seen in a long time!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The good:    A nice blend of action, suspense, horror and humor.   The action is not great but it's not bad.  The story is excellent.  I really like the twist ending and the characters.    The ending is satisfying and I found it hard to stop watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good film.  I liked it and I was surprised how much I liked it.    If you are a big fan of the old westerns like John Wayne and George Marshall, this is a great film to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When I watched this movie, I was thinking to myself "Wow, this movie is really good!"  It's just like the first time I watched the movie: it's a pretty decent movie about a very, very bad guy who is trying to find a way to get away from his past.  He doesn't succeed very well.    I don't think the movie gets very far in the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I didn't like this movie at first, but then I liked it. It is a fun, silly movie with a few very funny lines and great music. I think it was made by a group of college kids who got together for a Saturday night and made a movie.    If you like silly movies, funny lines, and good music, I think you will like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this film for a couple of years back in the 70's. I didn't care for it at all, but I found the film's ending very interesting.   The film's plot, which revolves around the lives of two teenagers, is pretty much the same old cliches, but the film has a really interesting ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie last night, and I think it was really good! The only thing I think that could be improved is the use of CGI. I mean, there is a giant robot on screen, and the robot moves like a person.  It looked like a really cool movie, but the CGI was distracting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the ending was very well done and made me want to see more. The way that the character is handled is very well portrayed. It's clear from the start that she has been trying to get back into the picture for years but has had no luck. It doesn't take long for her to get frustrated, and her boyfriend is very supportive, but she doesn't want to be alone. It makes you wonder if she'll ever be able to have a normal life again. I thought it was very good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched the movie with my son. He was 9 when it came out. I thought it was good. It had a great story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was so glad I went to see this movie with my mom. It was the first movie I ever saw where the heroine was not just a beautiful woman, but a good one.  She is a professional nurse and, in addition to her profession, is a very sweet and loving woman.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid adventure movie, but a solid movie.   The cast is amazing.  The story is amazing, as it follows the journey of a young orphan girl and her dog as they cross the ocean.  If you like action movies, this is a great movie. If you are looking for an interesting story, this one will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story about a great character and his journey in the world. The only thing that is a bit odd about this is that the story takes place in two different time periods (the 20th century and the 21st) and each time the hero travels back in time to a different place. I don't think this really adds anything to the story, but it adds to the suspense. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're going to watch a movie in which a man shoots a woman dead, it makes sense that you'd want to watch it again.  What's even better is that you get to see the man shoot the woman again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out with a nice little song.  I love that song.   It reminds me of something I might have heard in the past and I am glad that I have.    And then a woman who looks to be around 80 walks into the bar with a bag of potato chips in her hands.  I thought this would be the worst, but I found myself in love with her.  She was so nice and she was talking to everyone about her children.  Then she sat down and we all started talking about something we had just read.  It was about a young boy who was adopted by two foster parents who raised him.  They were so nice to him and he really liked them.  And as I said it was so sweet.  He even took the time to do something for the other foster parents.  The movie was great.  One of my favorite movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My family had been going to the movie theater for a few years. My brother and I had already seen the original. The sequel has the same plot. The bad guy wants the kids to take him to heaven. The kids are not going to do that!  The only difference is that this movie is not as bad as the first one.  I give this movie a thumbs up! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a really good movie.   There is something about the way this movie is shot, the actors are really good, the music is great.  It is one of the few movies that are so well made that I think it could have been better, but still I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great film for the ages, this is a movie that you have to see in its entirety.   It has some great action scenes and great characters.  If you love old movies this is for you!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think I can find a good negative review about this movie. The acting is superb. The story is good. The film is pretty good. There's not much more to say. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most impressive movie in this year's Sundance Film Festival   This film is a story of a father and his son who go on a trip to the Himalayas. It is not just a film about an adventurous trip to an exotic place.   In the film, there is a very strong focus on the relationship between father and son.  The son has a very good sense of humor and is a good actor.  A very good movie from an excellent director!   "The Perfect Storm" is a great film that is a must see for all those interested in the Himalayan region. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I watched this movie on a whim one night. I was driving to a friend's house when I heard a car coming down the street. I figured the guy driving was trying to get to work. I pulled up in front of the house, and there was a guy with a big grin on his face. He said "Hi, I'm Tim!" and I was a little taken back. I thought I had met my future boss at a party. I asked Tim how he did it, and he said "I just look at the future and it gets bigger every day." I was so impressed. I went back home and got a beer and watched this amazing movie. I got to the end and realized I was hooked.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare examples of a movie that is absolutely perfect. It is so well-crafted, so well written and the ending is so sweet. It really does end on such a wonderful note.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an excellent story about a guy who is trying to get away from his boring and dead-end job. He decides to travel to a remote island and see if there is a good life there. He meets a woman who is pretty and funny. He gets a job working on a farm, but it's a pretty lousy job. The woman he falls for, the island's chief, is an artist who does portraits.   I liked this film. It's a nice blend of romance, adventure, and adventure-fiction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film a bit dull, but that's not a bad thing.    There are no "big" scenes in this film, but there are enough to be enjoyable.  I like the idea that a little boy has an encounter with the spirit of his dead mother.  This is not a scary movie, but it is a nice little romp with a few "little" moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good and fun movie.  I think I had a great time and found the story to be funny and fun.    I don't think the director's credit should be given to the film, he deserves a lot of credit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie, all the characters were really likable and I enjoyed watching it.   There was a lot of tension in this movie as they tried to take the baby from the hospital.  This movie was also a good watch as the characters' interactions with each other were very entertaining.     
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't want to write this review at all. But I can't. This movie is so funny that it's a joy to watch. The first scene, when it was showing the story about a child with a strange deformity (which we all know as "puppy-face") and his mother, with a big nose and a long nose. And he has a dog (a "poo-bop-bops" dog, as they call it in the movie). This dog is so crazy that the mother has to put him in a box. Then she is shown the dog barking at her, and she is scared. Then the dog gets mad and bites her, but she stops and says "Oh! How cute!" It's funny! This is a movie about a mother trying to get a dog to love her, even though she is crazy. This is about a dog who has a big, scary mouth and the mother who is trying to talk to it. Then a man (Bruno) comes, to see how the dog is doing, and the dog starts barking at him, and it's really funny. Then, when the mother sees him, she is like "oh, you are the man of the house! Oh, how cute! How funny! Oh! You are the very man of my heart!" This is just a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well-written movie, it's a good old fashioned western, the plot is good and the characters are interesting. It's a very funny and enjoyable movie. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves westerns.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a girl named Kiki (Chiya) who has a terrible day. Her dad has just lost his job and she has a bunch of ungrateful friends. As such, she goes out to find a good guy to be her new best friend. The movie is a short one, but is full of the right amount of humor. Kiki is a really likable character. I wouldn't say she is a complete idiot, but she does have a lot of stupid moments. I also liked how the film kept me guessing at what the ending would be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in a theater and I had a wonderful time.  It's a funny, funny movie with great performances and a great soundtrack.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't watched a movie like this in a long time. I don't remember the last time a movie really made me laugh.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There are a lot of bad movies out there. This one was no exception. I am not sure what I thought about the movie. I was really hoping to like it. I mean, this was an action flick and it was really entertaining to watch. It was a real good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film on Netflix on a Sunday afternoon and found it to be entertaining, at times funny and at others just plain silly.  The film does a good job of mixing in a few of the more recognizable characters from the series, especially Dr. Frank-N-Furter (Richard O'Brien) and the little girl (Maggie O'Donnel) that Frank was so obsessed with, and the various "experiments" and misadventures of the various kids and their teacher that he trained as a scientist.  This is not the sort of movie that you want to skip over and forget about, so if you're a fan of the series or of the cartoon it's well worth your time and will keep you entertained for quite some time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty good movie.   The movie starts with a great shot of the moon.  It is a gorgeous picture.  But then the camera pans down to a very small world.  The world is filled with a lot of tiny little creatures.  There are a lot more creatures in this film than the one in the movie. In the world there is a lot about the history of these tiny creatures. Some of the creatures are even called by different names like: The Lonesome Sea Horse, The Sirens, The Sea Sirens.  They all live together on the sea and they have a huge house.  I enjoyed this film a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most original movies ever made! I love the way it portrays the world and the people.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a pretty good film, it's a comedy and a romance. The romance is the best part of the film and I like that about it. There are a few jokes, but I was laughing a lot. This is definitely a comedy worth seeing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie and the ending was very cool. I have not seen many action movies that actually make me think about what we are all going to do in the future, I think this is one of them!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was made in 1968.   I loved this movie because it was a good time for the kids. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very well done movie and one of the best in the series.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie a few times, and it's good!  The story follows two men and a dog on a long road trip to the desert, where they find a cave and spend the night there.  It is an awesome story, very entertaining and well thought out.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a real treat for the eyes. It is an absolute joy to watch. It doesn't make you feel like a bad person in a bad movie, it makes you feel good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very well made movie with great performances. It is funny, fast paced, and has some good special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A couple of years ago I read a book called The Unauthorized Biography of the Beatles: A New Look at the Fab Four, by Richard Lester. It was a fantastic book and I am still very fond of it. I'm not quite sure why I haven't written a review of this film, but I've decided to go ahead and do it.   I was first introduced to Paul McCartney when he performed at the Wembley Arena in 1976. This was my first ever concert experience. I was so young and had no idea what was happening or what was going to happen next.  He did a couple of songs, "Strawberry Fields Forever", "I Saw Her Standing There" and then he started to play "A Day in the Life". It was one of the most incredible experiences I've ever had in my life. I saw a Beatles concert for the first time in 1981 at the Forum in Inglewood, California. Paul McCartney was performing "The Long and Winding Road". I can't say enough about the concert. The crowd was amazing. Paul was playing amazing guitar and playing it well. The concert was a huge success and the place was full of people.  After that, I watched a few Beatles videos and became a huge Beatles fan.  I became a fan of the band again when they played a concert in New York City. It all started when the band performed "She Loves You".   It was just amazing to see the band that I knew so well perform that song. I could tell from watching the video that it was a perfect song and a perfect performance. I got so excited watching it. Then I watched the video of "She Came in Through the Bathroom Window" and I got more and more excited. The song was played so well. I remember thinking that they could have written a better song. It sounded so perfect that it felt like I was there. I went back and watched the performance of "We Can Work It Out" and the video made me even more excited and I saw it again. I kept seeing things that made me think, "I have to see this song live!"  I watched "Yesterday" and "I Want to Hold Your Hand" and after that I started to wonder what other songs I had to see.  When I saw the video for "Back in the USSR", I was very excited.  It's just so different from what I had seen in the videos. It has
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movie about the history of Vietnam.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It is a good little movie about a guy who likes to take care of little girls. He has to learn a lot of things about life and relationships. He makes some really stupid mistakes in the beginning but gets it all together. I enjoyed the movie and I hope it will continue to be in future years.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A funny movie about a couple of men who meet in a nightclub and go to a party, but the party goes bad when the husband leaves his pregnant wife at home alone.   In the end the man decides to take his wife to the hospital. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:        I am a sucker for a good story, and I think this is a good one. I think that the story is a little over-the-top and cheesy, but I love it anyway.   I have seen it twice now, and will continue to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a fan of the "bad" movies, and most of the time the "good" ones are either forgettable or too cheesy.  However,  the fact that this is one of the better bad movies I've seen, ides me in even more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not sure how to review this movie. It is a good little movie about a young boy who is raised by wolves, and his adventures with them. He gets very hungry and wanders into a cave where he meets the Wolf Girl. They have a little adventure and a little fight, and then the Wolf girl leaves and the Wolf boy has to go find her. The Wolf Girl is very pretty and very brave. The wolf boy is a bit of a bully, but it's the Wolf Boy that keeps him from being bullied. I think that Wolf Boy is very cute. The movie is very well made. There is a nice song about the Wolf's Girl. The story is interesting and well written.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story follows a man who works for the government who is trying to make sense of the odd happenings around him.   It has a good blend of science fiction and horror, and while there are plenty of scares and suspense, the movie itself doesn't take itself too seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a nice little film, and it has some interesting ideas. One of the first things we learn is that the people of the island are trying to get rid of the monster, but it seems to have no real interest in going away. The monster is an old man with long hair, and the people who have been watching it are in awe of him. One day the old man comes to town and he has a strange new girlfriend who is named "Mummy." The film is quite dark, but not without a few funny moments. The ending is a bit of a mystery and is one of those "what if" type endings that keep the film interesting. I like the idea of the old guy and mummy, but I don't see how this movie will ever be made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I had read the book by the same title before, but this is the movie.   As the title suggests, it's about a group of people in a small town in a state that's very much like the real one.  There's a very nice small town atmosphere, and some very good dialogue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better "old school" westerns ever made, and the writing is just so damn good that it's hard to find a flaw.  It's a little slow at times, but I didn't mind it.  The best of the bunch is probably The Long Ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies I've seen a hundred times.  I never thought it was a great movie until recently.    It's a well made movie with an interesting story.  It isn't very funny but it has a few laughs to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie, but I didn't like the ending. I liked the movie as a whole, but it was so predictable. I mean, I got the impression from the opening scenes that it would be an action-adventure movie and then it turns out to be a love story. I'm not sure why the story didn't end there. I know that there were a few more plot holes and a couple of plot twists that didn't add up, but this movie had good action and good acting, so I'll give it a 9/10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the most fun and inventive films ever made.  The first time I saw it I thought, "I wonder what that is?"  Now I know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - March 25, 2013Excellent     
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has a few problems but in the end it's good. It takes place in the 1980's where it looks like we're going to see a lot of the 1980s characters.   One of the things I liked about this movie was the use of music to spice things up.  It is not a good film but it is not terrible either. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. It's a good blend of humor and drama. I like it a lot. I was laughing all the way through. The movie was well done. I liked it. I'm glad that there is a sequel.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was good.  I enjoyed it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie about 4 times now, and it's always fun to see the good doctor in his first role. The doctor's assistant is a nice addition to the cast, and the film never gets too silly, which is a good thing, since the doctor has a way of delivering his lines that is both over the top and incredibly funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is really a great story of a boy who is sent to a magical land by his mother and is there with his two sisters. His sisters get caught in a tree and the boy saves them. In the next scene the girl and the man get married.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are a couple of great scenes in this movie. The first one, which was a great introduction to the character, was when he was a little boy. He has to sit on a bench with his friend and watch the sun set and the stars rise. He is watching the sun come out, and he says to his friend, "That's it. I'm not leaving here until we see the sun rise. I've been waiting for this since I was a boy. When you see the sky, that's when you know the day is done." Then he leaves. It's a pretty great scene. The second scene was when the boy finds the old man who is waiting in a cemetery. He tells the old folks that his father died, and then he is shown the grave, and his father is sitting in it. Then the old woman comes out and says, "Don't go, boy! Don't go! The day's not done yet! Look at the sky! Don!t go! You'll never get back to the old home!"   This is a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:      In the summer of 1973, an up and coming photographer, Mike Egan, is shot and killed in front of his wife by a man who also shot and then killed his wife. The murder is a terrible one, the shooter kills Egan in front a crowd of bystanders and then, to the horror of the people who witness the murder, shoots his wife again before leaving. There is a lot of speculation about the shooter. Some say he is an ex-Marine who had been discharged and had a troubled life. The police, however, do not think so. They believe he was a local gangster, who had taken Egan's money and used it to finance his own gang activity. He then killed the couple so that he could get his money back.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a good story, with the occasional twist and turn. It was pretty dark and gritty. It didn't seem like much of a film, but it was very good. I recommend it to anyone who likes a good action flick.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was at a great movie theater and it was my first time at a film festival. I was a little surprised that the film was a documentary about an actor and writer who were the most successful movie actors of the 1970s. It wasn't that they were better than everyone else at the time. They just had the most creative minds.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this movie will be good for all the kids that love cartoons.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie itself is good. It's got a good story, great action, good music, and good dialogue. It even had a little bit of humor in it. The only thing I didn't like was the ending.   It felt so rushed.  It was like a bad episode of the Simpsons.  I'm sure it was meant to be a big part of the movie, but I was left wondering if it would be the last we see of the character of the protagonist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is excellent and is the only film that has ever made me laugh and cry. The best thing about this film is the ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think that a lot of people who are in this movie are going to enjoy it.  You see a bunch of guys, mostly white, that are just not getting it.   They're so into it, they don't care that they're killing each other, they're so happy and it's not about anything at all.    I really think that it's going to be one of those movies that's going be discussed in 20 years.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an awesome movie. It was one of my favorite films of all time, and I loved the story, the characters and the music. The movie is very good and you should definitely watch it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a film about the lives of a few American children, one from each of the 50 states. Each of these kids is a different type of boy: a tomboy, a nerd, a jock, a soccer star, a bully, a boy scout and a football player. These boys are taken to a military base in the middle of the desert and told to find a lost boy. What they discover is the story of a boy from the future who has the power to alter history by changing the outcome of any given game played by one of the boys in the military base.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has some nice action scenes and has a good story as well. I found it to be more of a science fiction than a fantasy movie. The characters are a bit flat, however.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a little slow, but then, it's supposed to be a short film and the actors really don't have much to do.  It's a fun little flick, and it was really good to see the classic characters all together in one film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a funny movie with a nice message: the only thing we have to fear is fear itself.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The ending was not bad.  I don't think the movie is over in the way it's supposed to be.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a fan of the movie version of this book, I hope you enjoyed this book too. This is a very different kind of story than the book, but the book's characters and settings are quite good. I liked it a lot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you've never seen a "Pulp Fiction" movie, you've missed out on one of the greatest films of all time.   As a film, "Pulp Fiction" is a well made and well acted film that has some of the best performances in movie history.  The story is about a group of aspiring writers who meet in a bar one night and get into a fist fight.  That's the plot and it's pretty standard "Punch and Judy" type stuff, and it is typical Pulp Fiction stuff.  However, what makes this movie special is the way the film explores the relationship between Marsellus Wallace and Vincent Vega.  Vincent Vega is a bit of a mystery, but not in a bad way.  He doesn't really do anything too crazy or weird, but he does show us that he can be a bit unpredictable.  His "death stare" is one of my favorite moments in all of film.  Marsellu Wallace is an interesting character.  It's hard to figure out just what is so appealing about him.  Well, it's not just that he has a great voice (although he does) or that he is so talented as a painter (although that too is true)  Marcellus Wallace is also a good man.  In fact, he has some great morals and is very honorable.  At the end of the day, he makes a bad decision and gets killed, but it's a good thing that he did because he could have been someone else.  A very well done film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a blast. I am not a big fan of horror movies but this one is so good it makes me think I would like a good zombie movie. It is like the film version of a great comic book.   There is a zombie who kills people by licking them. But instead of licking them he licks them in the mouth. I have not seen a zombie lick a mouth in a long time. It was amazing. It reminded me of an old horror movie called "The Stuntman". I don't think the movie is good enough to make a horror film. But it was good enough that I am glad to have seen it. I don' t know what it is about but the ending was great. I will definitely watch it again. I think I am in love with zombies now.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, a good idea. I'm a fan of the "The Matrix" movies. I like how the characters are like real humans. They're like us in many ways. A good film, with a great ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie. It's a simple story of a couple who live in a farm in an isolated area. They have a kid and they need money.   The movie is so funny that it will make you laugh and smile, and it's great to see how much these guys like to play games and fool around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The ending was a little unexpected, but I'm sure that this is a good thing, as it leaves the audience with a big, happy grin on their face!   I like the fact that this movie deals with a real problem.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie. It is a well written and well acted film. There is a little romance going on between the two of them and it's a great romance to see how the two develop. The sex scenes were not too shabby. They were pretty hot and it was not a hard and fast rule that all sex scenes should be hard and cold. It's more like the kind of sex that you imagine would be happening at a beach house with a couple of hot guys. If you like good old fashioned hard fucking then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie. I love the humor and the heart of it.  The movie has a real feeling to it, it's got a lot of heart, it seems like a story told from a guy's point of view.    This is a story of love and loss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    So, the first act is the most over the top and over dramatic thing I have ever seen.                I love a good action movie.   I have been trying to get some good action movies into my DVD rotation for years.  I was looking forward to this one.  The movie has a great blend of action, stuntwork, and stunt girls.  This is a movie you have to see to believe. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - August 25, 2008The best movie about the military  Reviewer: james_h_clark - favorite favorite favorite - August 12, 2008  Subject: a true story... a true, yet twisted story of the end of an era. - August 11, 2008a true story  - August 12  i enjoyed this movie quite a bit, but i do not find it as funny as i did in the theater. it is certainly an interesting story and i believe that it could have been better than it was, but it is not really that bad, and the music is very good. - July 24, 2008A true story
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very funny movie and it's a great idea.   It's a movie where a little girl gets the chance to go to the zoo with her big brother and they get a surprise in the form of a very large tarantula.  This movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good.  Very good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is based on the book by George R. R. Martin.   It is a well-written and enjoyable movie.  It features some great action scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I thought the story was a little over the top, I still find it over the tops but at least it was good. I really liked the little side characters like the baby who seems to have been adopted by an old lady and she looks just like a mummy. The film was also shot in a good style and I didn't find it boring at all. The ending was also quite good as was the action scenes and the music was good as well. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is into old time radio and horror.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   One of the best and most underrated sci-fi movies of all time!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when I was about 10, and it made me want to be an actor. I was a very small kid, but I learned how to act and how to use my voice and the little bit of knowledge I had from movies I saw helped me a lot. This is a wonderful movie about a little boy who dreams of being an actor and is so talented he can get any part he wants. His mother and stepfather want him to stay at home and study, but he's so determined he's going to be a big star that they have to let him go. I wish I could have been there when he was starting out. It's one of those great children's movies, and one of the few that's worth seeing.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I found this movie to be a very entertaining and entertaining movie. I thought the story was a little ridiculous and at times just silly, but it's good for a laugh.    There is also a nice song by the same artist in the end credits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie about a group of children. The only real problem with this movie is that the story is just not that interesting, but for the most part it is enjoyable and well done.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a man that is a real weirdo. He is a very nice guy that lives in a very strange world. He spends most of his time in a cave or in a small house. I don't think I need to say more. He has a huge crush on his friend's little sister and spends most nights with her in his cave. The only thing strange about him is that he can't find a girl that will be interested in him. His only friend is a weird old lady that lives a few doors away from him. I found it interesting that they are both obsessed with their own daughter.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the better science fiction movies in years.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  The story and the characters are very well written and acted.  The acting is great as well as the music.  I also like the idea of the whole thing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A simple and unspectacular movie, that leaves nothing to be desired. The film has a small cast of characters and no special effects. It does a good job at not showing any blood, however it does have some very unpleasant gore scenes (more on that later). I did enjoy the movie a lot though. I do not have much to add to this film, so I will not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   This movie is based on a real life incident, and a great movie.    The real life victim is a teenage girl named Amanda Blackburn.  Her family was on vacation in Mexico, and Amanda was on a school trip with her friends, when a group of people decided to go hunting.  They were only there to kill rabbits, but a boy named John "Candy" Moore, who had a hunting knife, decided to take some of the rabbits home with him.  The girls were surprised by the boys presence in the house.  Amanda's friend, Marlena, came home and heard noises. She went out and saw the boys going into the garage, and then went out to see what they were up to.  When they were done hunting, John told Marlene that he was going to drive her home, and she said that she was going outside to watch.  Marlenna was afraid that she would get in the car, and John started the engine. She jumped out of the car to get her purse and she was dragged inside the garage by the door.  John turned on the gas, and the garage door was opened.  At first she thought that it was a bad dream, but when she got to her feet, the garage was empty.  She went back to the car and noticed that the front of the house was on fire.  Soon after, the police showed up and arrested John.  After the fire was put out, Marla ran into the woods, and her mother went to pick her up.    Amanda's mother took her to a hospital and Marla was later found. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Night Stalker" is an excellent thriller with a well-crafted twist ending.  The story takes place in the 1960's and follows the story of a young, brilliant college professor named James Mason, who was obsessed with the idea of writing a book about the nightstalkers.  The Nightstalker  is the first of a planned series of books, which is very intriguing.   This movie is also a must-see for fans of the 1960s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts with a girl named Anna (Drew Barrymore) trying to get to a bar where she's going to meet a guy named Jeff (Tom Cruise). Jeff tells her he's going back to school and she has a friend there named Cindy (Nicole Kidman). Jeff is a loner so Cindy's best friend is named Jane (Sofia Vergara). She says she has to go to a party at a place called the White Horse. Jeff gets in a fight with Cindy. Cindy says she's never seen a horse so she asks Anna to drive her there. Anna gets in and they drive off. Jeff is walking home when he sees a horse running and he thinks he sees someone behind the horse. He goes to his house and tries to talk to his mother but she won't come out. Then he thinks a car crashes into his house. It's the Whitehorse Party. It is at a party where there is a lot of drinking. The guy Jeff is at with Cindy says he thinks Jeff's name is George (played by Cruise) and that's how they met. The girl Anna is there with tells him the name is Jeff. Jeff tells the guys he's only 15. The guys are thinking Jeff must be a lot older than that. Jeff says he's 14 and the guys tell him they're not dating. He says he wants to make his parents proud. Jeff's mom (Burt Reynolds) wants him to stay at school. He asks his father (Tom Selleck) if he's still in school. His dad says no and he's too old. He's going away to college next year. His mom says Jeff should get his driver's license. He does and then his dad says he'll see him soon. At the party the girl Anna and her friend get into a fight. Jeff runs over to get them. His friend goes after her but she's knocked down by a horse and gets back up. She's still fighting. Jeff tries to help her but the horse starts kicking him. Anna's friend goes back to get Jeff. He gets up and the horse kicks him again. He falls over and the girl is getting up but the guy is going after her. She turns around and hits the guy with a club. Jeff falls to the ground and the guy runs off. Anna runs to him and tries kissing him but he runs away. Jeff calls his mom and his dad. The mom says she'll come
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first thing I noticed about this movie is that it is a direct adaptation of a comic strip. In fact, I would say that it was very much inspired by the comic strip strip, since a lot of the characters have names that are very similar to those of the strip.   This movie is a lot more fun than I was expecting. I liked how the movie made use of the comic book elements to make a funny movie. The movie was funny, exciting, and very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty good movie, which I think is not that surprising. The film is very faithful to the book. The actors are very good and the acting by Llewellyn is great. I am sure the director made the right choice here. It's hard to believe that the film was made by a woman. It is a great adaptation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The plot:    An ancient artifact is stolen from a museum, which is then auctioned off.   A couple of the guys who stole it are brought to trial, with the auctioned artifact being the key.  They find out that the guy who stole the artifact was a member of a group called the New World Order, a group which they believe is coming to steal this artifact.  It was great to see an evil organization that was just bad.  What the movie lacked was the evil group, which was a little disappointing.  I also found that it was a bit long, with a good deal of exposition and character development.  Final Thoughts:      My rating:  1.  2.  3.  4.  5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm pretty sure the reason that this movie is so good is because it is based on a novel, by the same author of 'The Little Prince', so it has all the great touches that we expect from the author, as well as the great qualities we don't get in most movies about the Little Prince: the characterisation is quite perfect, and the dialogue is as well.  It is not really a story of a little boy who has a dream to be a great magician, but more of a story about a little magician who has dreams and dreams that he does not have.  My rating:    4/5 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie for a good reason.  It has a solid cast, good action, and an end that leaves you feeling warm and fuzzy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm glad to see that the film hasn't been lost to time. The original "Pulp Fiction" is, after all, a great movie: a good action film with some really good dialog. The only thing that makes it unique is that it's a great crime drama with great acting and a very good script. The movie, like its predecessor, is well shot. There are a lot of stunts, which are executed flawlessly. And the movie also features some very good, classic, Clint Eastwood-type characterizations: a wise guy, a little boy, a crook. The plot is a little vague, but it's still fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I liked this movie.  I like that there are some good songs.  It was just a good good movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first time I saw this movie I was completely floored by the beautiful scenery and the fact that the plot is based on the Bible. I thought this would be a great movie but I was sadly disappointed.    I'm not sure why I liked it so much.  I liked the first half of the movie because it was very imaginative and funny.  However, after the first 30 minutes it got boring.  It was a good idea for a movie but the first 40 minutes are very forgettable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In many ways this movie reminded me of "Imitation of Life" a movie that I like very much.  However, it's not the same movie, not in any way, shape or form.  The difference is that this movie has a more mature and sophisticated take on the subject matter.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:      In the year 2061, humanity is dying in an apocalyptic war between humans and a race of creatures called the 'Skulls'. The Skulls were formed when a man named Skynet was turned into a computer. When the Skynets first started attacking humans they were only a small, but determined, minority of a population. But as the years passed they became the majority and a powerful group of fighters formed. This is the story of the Skulls' war to survive.   What's the worst that could happen? A bunch of kids playing video games in the middle of a war zone?   The movie starts with a scene where a Skynetic named Adam, who has just completed a mission to assassinate the President of the United States, gets a bad case of the nerves and decides to spend the night on a bus heading for the nearest human city. But his plan is disrupted by the arrival of the local gang of thugs and their leader, a Skryian named D-Day. When Adam, still feeling a little unwell, makes a run for it, he finds that the Skull gang has already taken over the bus and has taken D-day prisoner.  In an attempt to get D- day to reveal who the Skull leader is, Adam makes a desperate attempt to take down the leader himself. But this does not go as planned, and Adam is knocked unconscious. When he comes to, he discovers that D- Day has escaped from the Skull. The group of Skynetics then set out to find D- and bring him back to the Skull to prove that the Skryians are not only a threat to the humans, but also to their own kind.  One of the coolest aspects of the movie is the Skysharks, a race that was created by the Skull's technology. The Skyshakes are small, highly-developed insectoids who are almost immune to damage, as they are made entirely out of a special substance. The movie goes into great detail on the Skyke's origin, but I'll spare you the details. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this was a very good movie with an interesting story. The movie has an unusual plot line with two different characters (one is the mother and the other the daughter) and it works very well. The story line is very interesting and well told and it's easy to follow. I especially like the part where the mother finds out her daughter is not her daughter. I thought the mother was very convincing. The other characters were also very convincing and the acting was excellent.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The opening scene of the film is just brilliant: the first shot shows a group of people at a picnic enjoying a day at the beach. They are all smiling and talking about how great it is to be alive and they seem to be enjoying themselves. But then we cut to the beach and we see that there are some strange things going on, like the fact that the sun is setting in the east while the sun rises in the west. The second scene shows a guy who has lost his wife on a boat which had been going up and down for a long time. He's trying to get to her, and when he finally gets there she is dead, drowned in the ocean. The next scene shows the two of them lying in a pile of garbage. They look like they're having a good time. The movie ends with the man with the wife telling him that she loves him and she's never been happier in her life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like the movie, then you will like this story.   This is a story about a young girl named Alice who was born in the middle of a war. She is one of the few who survived the war. Alice is not only a survivor, but is also an incredibly talented artist. Alice loves to draw, and when she is not drawing, she is singing, playing piano, and reading.  It is Alice's first film and her first love, but the director and writer had to make changes from the original story. So, instead of a girl who was in the war, Alice is a boy who is in the army.  I think this movie is good because it is about two young lovers, a boy and a girl. I think the director did a good job in making the two characters have a bond. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Man with the Iron Fists" is a great movie.  The first few scenes are funny as hell.   It starts out with a little old guy going on and on about how he is the man with the iron fists.         The man is just trying to keep his little old head above water so he can get the little old lady to stay at his home.  The movie takes a while to get going but by the end it is one of the better martial arts movies I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those great films that has been around for a long time and yet is still very fresh.  The actors are all great and all have a good time playing their parts, even if it is a silly role like an American soldier who gets caught by a group of wild Indians.  Posted by The Mad Indian at 11:11 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a classic of the genre.   A beautiful story about a little girl who was lost in the woods and she has to go through a whole lot of tough times in order to find her way home.  There are a lot of scenes where the girls get into a really crazy fight, but I really liked the way they fought.  The movie was very well made and I liked the characters a lot.  Overall this is a great movie to watch with your kids, it is definitely a family film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not a "Star Trek" movie, but I would watch it again.  A few things are missing from the show, and there is some pacing issues (though I'm sure it is the same one that has been running for years on syndication).  The movie was fun, it has a good script, and it's a nice change of pace. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie's good, the writing is great, and the acting is good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is an excellent one, but the pacing and the acting are both terrible.  The movie is mostly shot in a variety of locations and the story is very well told, but not for the reasons it's supposed to be.  The characters are extremely stupid, they don't act in the way you'd expect them to and it takes a lot of time to figure out why they're doing what they're not supposed to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to see this for a long time, but it never made it to the theaters.  But when it did, I was very pleased with it.    This is a pretty good movie.  Grade: B+
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been watching this film since it came out. This is one of the best "action" films I've ever seen.   The story was very interesting and fast paced.  I don't know about your life, but my father loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of the film is pretty much the same as the first one. It's just that the first story took place in the past, but this one takes place in present time. We don't see any flashbacks to the past; we only see them through the eyes of the characters. And while this isn't a bad thing, it's not a good thing either. It means that the audience doesn't really know who they are, and we're left with an identity crisis as the film progresses. The film is also pretty much like the first in that it has a couple of different endings. The first is pretty straightforward. It just shows the two characters in their home. This is a pretty straightforward ending, but it also does something that is really unique. It also shows a lot of the problems in the lives of the two main characters. It is a story about the life of the family that lives on the hill. And it is a good story, it does a lot to show the problems of these characters, and it also shows the strength of their love. But at the same time, it also has a lot going on. It has a great character development, which is the thing I like most about the film. The story is pretty basic. It follows a couple. It doesn't go into any of their problems. The main character is a man who wants to be a better man, and the woman who is a woman who wants a better woman. It shows how these two deal with their problems and their love in a very simple and honest way. The relationship between them is interesting, and I think it was written very well. I also liked how the main character had a very dark past, and how the story followed them on their journey through that. I really liked how they had a happy ending, and that it didn't follow the normal formula of a happy happy ending. I liked it because it showed the flaws of both characters, how they work through their problems, and showed the strength in their love, even though it was a very strange story. It was also a good film, I was really happy with it, and even though I'm not sure I like it, it still has a place in my heart. It makes me happy to see a film that shows love in all its forms.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an epic tale of the Battle of Gettysburg. It is a masterpiece and a great historical movie, but it is not only a film about the battle of Gettysburh.   It is about the life and times of a man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the few good films that I have seen lately, with the exception of the awful "The Day the Earth Stood Still".  I think I might have been too excited for the movie and got excited for its action scenes more than for its story.  A story about a family that lives in a small town (a very small town) and has a son who has to live with his mom and sister.    The family has no money to live and no home and is forced to live on the street, so they have to make it look like a house by putting up a few makeshift walls.  I like this movie.  The story is a little predictable, and not a lot of characters are developed.  There are a lot more of the kind of stories that can only be told in the small town.  I enjoyed this one, but it is not a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The second part is much better, with a great plot and a good ending. I loved the first part so much, and I hope it will be on my list of favorites for a long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the few films that can rival the great "The Wizard of Oz" in a good way.   A little different from the usual fairy tales. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit I was skeptical about seeing the movie, as the first one was such a disappointment. But this one is good. The characters are likable. The plot is good, and it keeps you guessing. I enjoyed it very much. I am hoping that the next one is better.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is the perfect movie: a nice blend of science and humour, a good mix of action and comedy, a story that can be enjoyed by kids and adults, an entertaining movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the few films in the world where the character is a white man, a white guy who has the power and the right to do whatever he wants.   I liked it because I like when white men have power. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film has a very simple story line, it tells about a small group of people, each with their own story. The group, consisting of a young boy and his older sister, who were orphaned when their parents were killed in an accident. The two girls then grew up and became teachers at the school and then as a nurse at the hospital. It is interesting that the two sisters are also teachers, it is very interesting to see that both the girls have a special talent for teaching.   These two young teachers are the only reason the hospital is able to continue to function, it was the young teachers who saved the hospital from going bankrupt.  As we see in this movie, the hospital isn't the only place that the girls are important, they are also involved with a political campaign in order to bring the hospital back to a state of prosperity and to get the hospital to become a good hospital once again.  In the end, the film ends with a simple and simple message that I found to be very fitting for a message like this, "It is better to have loved and lost than never to have had, and never to want again." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to say that it is a great movie. It's one of those movies that I could see in my head the whole time I watched it. The acting is great and the story is gripping. I really enjoyed it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm sorry to say that this movie is not very good, but the concept is quite interesting and the acting is excellent, particularly by the lead, who plays an old man who lives in a cabin in the woods. The plot is fairly simple: he goes to his cabin to find a cure for a young man's illness. When he gets there, he discovers that he's also an alien.   The acting is good but the movie isn't very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this one when it first came out in 1982. It is an excellent film, a rare example of a good thriller, with a nice, simple and yet effective plot. It's a little too long at 12 minutes (a bit longer if you count the opening sequence), but you'll be able to get to know the characters in a way that's hard to explain in just a few words. I'm sure the film will appeal to a large number of people.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was good.   I found this movie interesting and good. I found it a very funny movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has a very good storyline, a story which is not completely new, but it is well told and the main character is a very interesting character who I think should be more well-known, since he is an interesting person who can have a difficult time to adapt to the new environment he finds himself in.   This movie is based on the novel by Tom Robbins. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this on Netflix last night.  It was an entertaining film that I enjoyed a lot.    It was the first time I've seen the "Rapture" theme song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A real classic...It is an incredible and moving movie about the loss of a parent and the healing process...the end...the ending..."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always loved the classic Disney films.   So when I heard that one of them was coming out on Blu Ray and DVD, I thought it would be a good time to check it out.  There is a very good reason for that.  The movie is about a family that lives in the mountains and in the forest.  In the mountains, they live in a very small village that is very small.  Their home is very primitive and old fashioned.  But when a great evil comes to the mountain, the whole family is caught in a web of deadly monsters.  It is not just the monsters that the family has to fight, but also the spirits of the past who are trying to keep the forest in their control.  A wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's not much to say about this movie that hasn't already been said many times. It's a great film. I loved the movie so much that I even watched it twice. I'm not sure why, but I just can't stop watching this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller, the acting is great and the story is interesting.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is good. There are some excellent sequences. The acting is good, the story is good and the acting is pretty good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best movie I've seen in a while. The film is beautifully shot, the story is well-developed, the acting is good, the music is well done, and the story isn't too complicated. The ending is great too. The whole film is a lot of fun. The only complaint I have is that there are a lot more sequels to come.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am a huge fan of the original Star Trek: The Motion Picture. I was also a huge fans of the animated series of the same name. It was a great series with lots of laughs. I think the producers did a great job of updating the story line and the visual style. The cast was fantastic. It's not exactly Star Trek, but it is fun. If you are a fan of this show and/or the movies, this is a must see.   Awards: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a good story and I really enjoyed watching it. It was funny and sad at the same time and it was a good job to put a movie like this together. I recommend this movie to all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has many things going for it, and the performances are quite good.   - A nice look at a nice town.  - The only character who seems to really want to be in the movie is Mr. Kowalski, and he really is a great character.    - It would be nice to see more people on the street. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I enjoyed this film a lot. It's a pretty good movie. The plot was simple: a guy gets killed and there's an odd thing happening. I won't go into detail but the movie didn't have the same "cool" factor that I remember. This one has a "feel good" kind of feel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not a good film but it's a very good movie.  The story is about a man who is trapped in a wheelchair, who has to be saved from the evil witch by a magical fairy.    This fairy has a little dog which has a big head and a magic whistle.  This fairy is not evil but is a real jerk, and I don't like that kind of fairy. In the end the witch gives the man the whistle and the magic dog and tells him to get out of his wheelchair and go and save the girl.  It's an enjoyable film and I recommend it to people who love good fairy tales.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just saw this one, and it was good! A very good old fashioned Western, and an even better western comedy! I am a huge fan of Westerns, and the funny part of this one is that the Western stars in a movie with a girl who is not a Western star! I have never seen a Western with a female star who is a Western! But she is a good Western star, and that is why she was in the movie.  The Western star has been married to a cowboy and then to a doctor. She has had a lot of husbands and then a lot more husbands. She is very good at it, but she is still married to the cowboy. She and the cowboy are having problems, and they get into a fight, and then they go to the doctor, and she is very jealous. The doctor tries to help them, but the cowboy is a very good fighter, and he beat the doctor. So she goes to the sheriff, and has the sheriff go and beat the cowboy, and her husband, but he gets beaten too, and after he beats the doctor he beats up the cowboy! But the doctor is the good guy, and a very nice man! And the cowboy has a very pretty wife, and I liked her a lot.  I liked this one very much!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say that this is the best movie ever made. It is so simple and yet complex. It has a great ending and the best ending ever.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a fan of The Rocky Horror Picture Show, even before I had seen it. This is an excellent version of the classic. It is a hilarious, bizarre, and wonderful comedy of errors. I would recommend this movie to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. It was very well written. It had a lot of humor and a lot to be said about the world and the people who inhabit it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie from the late 90's, I've seen it a few times since, and it's still great.  I was a fan of the first one, so this one is just as good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot is just about as generic as it gets.   After a long and grueling war the US is still reeling from the aftermath and has to figure out a way to survive on its own. One of those things that just seem to happen in movies and it is just such a cool idea to me.  The only thing that I would have liked to have seen a little more of is some footage of the actual battle scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad this movie was made, and I'm sorry to hear that it's so boring. It was fun to watch though, and the movie is entertaining enough.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fantastic film.   The story and the acting are perfect.  I have not been able to sleep since I first saw this movie.  It is a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  In the beginning we are introduced to a couple who are getting into a serious fight about whether or not the Earth should have a moon.   The moon, of course, is an object of reverence and love and we are treated to some beautiful shots of the moon and its orbit.  There is also a nice bit where one of the characters, the father, has to take care of his mother who is sick and has to move into a small apartment that his wife is going to sell.  The wife comes out of the apartment, gets in the car and takes the keys.  As she drives off we hear the door close and the sound of a gun being cocked.  I think this is a good example of a "love story" as the wife goes with her husband to pick up his new baby from the hospital and when they get to the hospital she is told that they have to call the police and tell them that the baby is sick.  In the hospital they see a doctor and are told that the son of a local doctor is in the hospital.  We also see a scene of a doctor trying to cure a woman of a bad cold.  It was all done so well and I was enjoying the movie as it went along.  Then we get to a "moment" when the wife and the baby leave the apartment.  Her baby is crying, her husband is angry and he is going after her.  This is the point where I decided to watch the movie again because I knew what was going to happen.  She goes to her apartment and he follows.  They go out in the street and the man throws a rock at the window and the window breaks and it flies in the air and hits him in the face.  He then turns around and starts to run away, but the wife grabs his arm and they run out the door and into the garage.  And there is a shot of them in the garage and the garage door opens.  Now I am going to go ahead and say this is one of my favorite scenes from the movie.      The next day she goes to the doctor's office and she tells him that the man was really angry and she did not know what to do about it.  Apparently the doctor does not know anything about the man who was upset and the doctor tells her to go to the police.  But she is angry at the doctor for not telling
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an interesting take on the "found footage" genre that has been around for a while now.  The story is simple, you are a reporter trying to uncover the truth behind a mysterious murder.    The film is well shot and is a great follow up to the recent "Cinema Verite"   movie " Hollywood Babylon" 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I haven't seen a more realistic portrayal of the war in Iraq, and certainly not of a war that has cost a half-million lives.  The movie was well-made and well-acted, with some good dramatic moments, and I was very much entertained by the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good movie and I love the story, the humor and the characters. It is a little different and funny, but also has a dark undertone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film takes place in a post-apocalyptic society where the world has been destroyed by a virus that had wiped out 80% of the human population. As we all know, this virus is called the "Bones." The film has a fairly serious story that takes place mostly in a small village. We follow the exploits of a young boy who goes by the name of Bone Man (Michael Biehn) who has to deal with a group of survivors that come to the village to find their dead. They find his dead sister, which is pretty interesting as you have to think about the fact that she died of natural causes. It's interesting to see how they have survived and the fact they are all men is pretty entertaining as well. The story is told in the style of a short story with little dialogue, which makes the film a bit more intimate and less over-the-top.   The film is very good at its subject matter and has some very interesting performances from the leads. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was surprised that the movie was made for less than a million dollars, since it is one of the few movies in the past several years which actually have a very good script and an engaging story. I think it was quite a good idea to start with a family who is already on the run, and then to add in the police and the news.   In spite of the many problems, I think the movie is still worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A classic that I can't get enough of. A real treat for the eyes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful, funny movie about two little girls and a big dog that live together.  I loved it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie on the big screen and I really liked it! I thought the acting was excellent, especially from the lead actor, Bill Nunn.   It's funny, it's scary, it is well-written, and the ending was just perfect!   I hope you liked this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a film about a man who has been trapped for years in a small house in the middle of nowhere, with only the help of his cat and the occasional help of a dog (who just happens to be a cat).  This movie is really about the relationship between the man and his cat.  He has to take his cat out of the house, or he will starve.   It's a funny film, with the guy going on a journey around his home, and he is going to visit every single person in his life, even though they all live in different places and don't really know him.  There are a few funny scenes in this film, but mostly it's a sad story about a lonely man who only has the support of his dog.  This movie is definitely worth watching, even if it's not that funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good film, that should be remembered by the world's youth, and to that end it is worth a watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love the idea of a man who is a former Nazi trying to run a small business, but I have a problem with the ending. It felt like a really lame way to wrap up the film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love that it has that retro feel to it, even though I am a baby-boomer. This was a great movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film on a college film festival tour and it was the first film I ever saw in which the "gargoyle" was not an evil thing. This movie has a great soundtrack, an awesome title, and a great plot, and the characters are great. This is a film that anyone should watch and the only thing that can stop it is for a film to be made about this same story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic movie about a guy who is a huge fan of his wife who died in a car accident and when he is sent by the court to keep the family together he gets involved with a guy named Tony who is the real life "Superdad" who does all the household chores, has an encyclopedic knowledge of the world, and a deep love for his family.  I like the fact that the movie is not like a "movie" but more like a novel that is told from the perspective of a real life character.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was so excited to see a film about an old man who's living with his grandson in a very small town. The movie had a real, real old man in it. It was a story about how the man and his grandson were dealing with life's little annoyances. I enjoyed it a lot and would highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - July 21, 2015The story was just the perfect mix of comedy and horror.    A perfect film: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The ending is one of the most brilliant in a long time. I like to see the bad guys in all the movies get their comeuppance, but it is always done with the best of intentions.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A solid film with lots of action, some interesting characters, and a nice message about family and how to be a better father to your children.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the original Ghostbusters, and I really hope this movie does well.  In general, the movie seems to take the Ghostbusters as they are in the original film, and do a very good job with that.      As a result, the cast seems to be doing a good job as well, and it seems to work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have always found the movie "Bram Stoker's Dracula" to be a classic in my life. The actors are wonderful, the story is original, and the cinematography is beautiful.   "Branagh plays Dracula with such a wonderful grace, and he does a great job of it, too. The Dracula who's in "Brom" isn't quite as bad as the Dracula we know and love, but I feel the film does a nice job of showing the evil side of Dracula.  It's a movie about the struggle between good and evil, the evil who wants to take over the world, and how we fight them.  "The Dracula" is about a boy named Bram Stoker who's trying to defeat Dracula, and win his freedom.  The film is great and a great movie to watch.  (5/5) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun movie. It is an old school movie that features a variety of bad guys that are pretty much all bad. The good part of the movie is that they all look like they are having a good time. I was a little disappointed with the ending. The ending made it seem like this is the end of the film, and that is not true. There are still plenty of laughs, great special effects, and a story that is quite good. It's definitely a must see for any fans of bad movies and bad acting.  Sean Paul - Slap Trap  by iPromote4Free  Reggae
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of the classic Star Wars trilogy, this movie will be an enjoyable one. The film follows the story of Luke Skywalker, a young farm boy who grows up to become a Jedi Knight.  After a series of adventures, Luke is sent on a mission by Princess Leia to destroy the evil Darth Vader. This movie was shot on film (using the same technique as The Empire Strikes Back) which is a very expensive film technique, so it takes a while to make it to the big screen. The special effects are very well done and they look very real. The movie also has some good music and I liked the sound effects.  I didn't really find this movie to be a good one, but it is still worth a watch. It is well made, has good music, and some good special effects. The best part is that it is an action packed film, so there is plenty of action to watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great and well done movie! I loved this movie and I'm sure it will do well in the box office!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this movie I thought it was the greatest movie ever made and the second time I watched it I was hooked. It is a simple story, a simple idea that's executed with perfection. It's just a wonderful story about a girl who has just discovered she's a girl and a boy who has lost his mind. The movie takes place in a small town in the middle of nowhere and it's not much of a story but a wonderful one. I loved it so much I wrote a full review.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is very realistic and well acted.   I really enjoyed this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was so excited to see this movie that I had to see it all the way through. I'm a huge fan of both the "Fantastic Four" movies and this one. I really enjoyed the story and the characters. The acting was great and the cinematography was amazing. It is a classic comic book movie that will be remembered for a long time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie so much, it was so well made, so well acted, so clever, so original, so witty, and so funny. It's got the same elements as the great silent comedies of the twenties, the same characters, the only difference is that it's much more funny than funny. And the actors are fantastic! This is an original, and very funny, silent film. I was very pleased with this one!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very enjoyable and entertaining movie, that is more about the characters than the plot.   The movie starts with a montage that shows the three men being on a hunt. The hunt begins with a dead body that was found by a hunter.  He then sees a dead woman in a boat floating in the water and he asks who it is.  It turns out to be a woman who had been dead for a long time.  Then the movie continues with a woman being murdered in a very gruesome way.  When the police are about to break into the house to find out who is behind it all, they get spooked by a dog barking outside.  This is a pretty clever little touch.  The movie ends with a beautiful, quiet scene with a young girl sitting in a rocking chair, looking at a beautiful woman.  I recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a good mystery and just a good, fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have to admit that I love the first "The Thing" as much as I love The Thing, and I love that the Thing gets a sequel.   The Thing was not just a science fiction movie but a horror movie with a good story, great special effects and an all around solid movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's not very often that you can watch a movie about a man who is on his deathbed and you find yourself rooting for him to get out of bed, to do what he's best at. I don't want to give away the ending (you don't have to!), but you should.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I've been a fan of Robert Altman for a long time and was delighted to hear him back in town in his first film since the late 80's. He's still an amazing talent and a great story teller. The film is fun and filled with great dialogue. It is a shame that this is the only one I'm allowed to see of Altman's career."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this was a very entertaining movie.   The main character is very likable.  And it's good that we're given a glimpse of the future!   - March 17, 2009good movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't know what to expect with this movie. But I didn;t expect the most realistic depiction of a rape scene I have ever seen. This movie has all the ingredients to become a classic: a beautiful and romantic scene between two beautiful and beautiful people, a good story line, good acting by both, a very well-done soundtrack and great special effects. If you don't like the idea of rape then you will probably hate this movie, but I really liked it. It is a very realistic portrayal of a real rape scene and it gives you a real shock. There are some minor problems with the acting and with the plot but it is nothing major. The only downside to this movie is that the ending is not what you would expect.
Write a positive review about a good movie:      
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's funny, well acted, and has a good cast of characters. I think it's got a great theme of trying to be a better person and being kind of stupid at times but in the end doing the right thing.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and you will love it. It's not very well known outside the U.S., but I've been doing research and it seems like a very good movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie has all the elements to be an amazing film. It is a story about a young man who comes to America to study and eventually become a doctor. His name is Dr. Doolittle and he is a man of few words and has an amazing love of flying. He's a good guy, and a good pilot. This movie is not a good love story. It's a story of good and bad, and sometimes good and sometimes bad.   It's very hard to get into this movie, because the script is quite hard to follow. The action is slow and tedious. There is a lot of exposition and explanation in the script. It just becomes too long, and I often found myself missing the action. It was a good idea to make the movie about a man who has a love of flight. However, the movie does not give the impression that he is really a good or even a great pilot. He has some good ideas, but he has no real sense of how to actually fly. He doesn't even really know how to land on the aircraft carrier.  .  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film about an excellent man, who knows a lot about a lot of things. It's not a bad movie, but it's not exactly a good one either. It doesn't have much depth or variety in the story line, which is why it gets a rating of 2.  The film takes place during the Civil War, where a young boy is playing with his grandfather's old gun when it accidentally goes off, killing him. He's left in a field by his grieving parents, who can't cope with their loss and so they take the gun to a farmhouse for safe keeping. A man named Jack, a former Confederate soldier and slave owner, who lives at the farm, is the one who takes care of the boy.  This is where the film starts to take a darker turn. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last five minutes are the best part of this movie.  Just as in the first half of the movie, the audience gets a glimpse of a mysterious cloaked figure, who appears to be holding a little boy's hand.    The kid is then whisked away to a cave with an evil queen.  I thought the scene was pretty cool, and there was a creepy feeling about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great horror/thriller with a very good cast.  The movie has a great plot and is full of suspense and suspenseful scenes.    I hope you guys like this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is a nice change from the usual "horror" fare of the 90's.   It does a nice job of showing how an isolated family finds itself being attacked by a monster while they sleep in their home.  The monster in this case is a man with a long, thick, black beard, and the family members who are asleep during the attack are the wives, who are quite pretty, and their children, who look like a cross between two little girls.  This is a scary movie because it is not afraid to show what a bad person a monster like this is, and how he uses his evil powers to kill and destroy.  The film starts off with a woman who has been in a coma for some time, and a doctor who has come to see if she is still alive.  She is now, and we are shown her house.  It looks pretty normal to me, as it always does, but the doctor has discovered that there are many strange things about it.  He finds that a few items have been taken from the house, and one of them is a photograph.  In the picture is the man with the beard.  As we watch this, we learn that the family is a bit strange, and they have several strange habits.  One of them has a daughter who was born with a birth defect in her head.  A man named Dr. T. H. Johnson is her doctor.  When he finds out about this, he decides to do a lot of research on the family.  During this research, he discovers that the wife and the children all had dreams about the man, who they all knew as "The Beast".  Johnson believes the woman was the one who was taken from her, and he believes that the "Beast" must be responsible for the birth defect.  Unfortunately, the doctor doesn't know where the "Woman" is, but he does know that "The Monster" has been attacking them, so he is going to get some help.  And he does.  There is a woman by the name of Lula, who is actually a witch who is in love with Johnson, and is trying to get him to kill the Beast.  But he is being driven crazy by the thought of killing the monster, so she must be stopped.  Johnson and the doctor decide to put a spell on Lula that will make her appear to be a beautiful young woman in order to trick "
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was a little disappointed by the final scene in the movie but there were a couple of good parts too.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have any sort of interest in the science fiction genre you need to see this movie. I had to see it a couple times to be sure. I don't know how it was that I never heard of it until I saw this. The best part of the movie is the ending. I love that ending. The music is also excellent. I found myself humming it during the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is quite funny. It is about a young boy who wants to be a doctor but he is a very bad doctor. I found the movie to be funny. I was laughing all the way through. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a guy who is not a guy, who does not want to be a guy and has a good time with a girl.  The movie is all about his experiences with the girl. The girl is a real beauty, who is funny, who knows how to dance, who can sing and who is a very sexy lady. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little flick with a few minor flaws.  It's fun and lighthearted, and it features some good jokes.    I enjoyed the movie, and I'd like to see more like it in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's like a good old-fashioned American horror story, but it's done in an incredibly clever way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first two acts of this story are wonderful.  We see a family of three, including a son, and their son's mother (who looks like Mary-Kate Olsen) get into a car with an older guy.    The guy looks like a movie villain, but the son and mother seem to be enjoying themselves.  The father then gets into the driver's seat, and we see that he is very, very strong.  He doesn't seem like a bad guy to me, but I was a bit confused at the end.  I don't know why he's so determined to go to the movies.  Maybe he thinks he is the hero?  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a solid comedy-drama.  The acting is decent and the writing is good.    I can't see myself buying the sequel, but I'm happy to have it on my DVD shelf. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a fan of this sort of thing, you'll be pleased to hear that the film's director is one of the world's leading horror-directors.   His previous work includes such masterpieces as The Haunting of Hill House, The Omen, The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, and The Wolfman.   I don't recall whether I saw these films back when they were released. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "My favorite movie ever, " The Big Lebowski" is a great film with a great script.  The film is well-acted, the story is entertaining and funny, and the dialogue is great.    This film is a must see for all, even if you don't like movies like this.  "
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The plot is quite simple: two children in a strange house, an alien who lives in a box, the children must solve a series of riddles in order to get to him. The aliens' language is quite unintelligible, which means you have to figure it out from the pictures. I found it quite amusing to be told the aliens had no mouth, that they were just a pile of boxes, a little blue-gray-brown box, a box like a cupboard, and a little black thing in the box that could go out of the box, but which was not like any box I ever saw before.   This film has a nice sense of humor, but it is more about the fun of being puzzled out by the aliens' speech than it is about the humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was never a fan of this movie.   At one point the two main characters, Bill and Mary, get into a bar fight and end up in a cab (the cab is driven by a drunken Bill) in an alleyway (yes, a real alleyway) with some other people (yes... some other women)... I think the movie is all about one man, Bill, and how he is a good person, but not good enough to win the affections of the girl, Mary.  I didn't like this movie at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Hook" is a great film and very entertaining. The story, plot and characters are great, and there are some terrific performances in this movie. It's a fun little film that has a great ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very entertaining movie, with a lot of comedy and fun. I found the comedy pretty funny and the scene when the little girl is running around the room like a little girl was very amusing. I also liked the way they did the scene where the man is eating the ice cream. I loved the song playing during the ice-cream eating scene. The ending was good, and I think the little girls face and expression when she looks at the camera was very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best part about this movie is the great performance by Christopher Lee.   Also, you should be careful about those guys from Australia, they are dangerous!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never been a fan of "the big screen" as most movies are made in a very small, dark room. "The Big Chill" by Don Coscarelli is a different movie, one that I would recommend to any movie fan or family movie lover. I watched the movie at midnight with my kids and it made them smile and laugh the whole time. I think this movie is a perfect example of what good acting and cinematography can do, and I recommend it to anyone who has a heart and loves a good laugh.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm really happy to see a female lead in a film that has male lead. This movie has it all, great character development, well thought out plots, beautiful costumes and a really awesome soundtrack.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A few years ago I wrote about The Last House on the Left  which had a rather peculiar premise: an Englishman is killed, and his family (the English-speaking people) take up residence in the house of a "proper Englishman" (his son) who had died of illness in a strange town. The Englishman's son, a bit of a jerk (I mean, who wouldn't be?), does not live there for long, and he has a rather nasty reaction to the arrival of his mother's relatives (they're not all bad). The film's ending was not as effective as I'd hoped.  There is a lot of discussion about the meaning of the film's title: was it meant to be ironic or not?  In my opinion, the director had a good idea, but not enough to pull it off.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best movies ever!  I was surprised at how much this film has aged well! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was a fun watch.   I like the fact that the whole movie takes place in the middle of nowhere, which is a great contrast to the action.  There were some good scenes as well as some bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is an action movie in which a man is captured by terrorists and held captive in a tower, he is saved by the American army. After that, the American soldiers go to the tower, they rescue the man and the terrorists and he escapes from the tower.    The movie is good, but I don't understand why this movie is called "Tower of Terror", I guess it is because it is a movie about the terrorist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say, this movie is one of the best I have ever seen. It has a lot of good action scenes, great characters, and great cinematography. The story is also interesting. I think it is one the best science fiction movies out there.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a big fan of movies like this one. It has a little bit of everything to appeal to any kind of fan of the series. It's also a good watch for the kids.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is an interesting movie, about a little girl who is kidnapped and kept alive by her mother and an aunt. But there are other things about the movie which makes it interesting. First of all the story is told from the point of view of the aunt, and it is told very well. Secondly, there are some unusual things in the movie, such as a girl who has a cat, and then another cat, who is always on the move, or who is very scared of anything that moves. The movie is told in such a way that it can be easily understood, even by children.   I enjoyed the movie very much. It is a fun movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   The film is a wonderful tale of a young girl whose father has recently died and she is on a mission to retrieve the head of her deceased father from the grave. While the young girl is trying to retrieve her father's head, a strange man called 'The Doctor' approaches her and tells her that she must find the head to prove to the world that she is not a witch. She succeeds and finds the head, but the doctor then begins to talk to her about her past. She has a mysterious past too. The doctor then tells her how the young woman came to live with her. They had been lovers but then they split up and the young lady has been living a life of her own ever since. She's had to live by herself ever since and she hasn't had a boyfriend since. It is a tragic story.   Posted by David Strayer at 7:00 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was at the right place at the wrong time and was able to witness something I will never forget.   I don't know what I would have done if I was there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love the movie, it's very funny and well done. It's a bit short, but that is what makes it a good flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen much of the original series but this is one of the best.   For a movie with an 80's-90's vibe, it's really worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "Breathless" is a movie that is not for everyone.  There are many scenes where the camera does not pan around the landscape, as it does in most movies about the wilderness.    The movie is mostly about a group of hikers who have been forced to spend the night at a nearby cabin.  The two main characters, Ed and his wife Linda, have made it through their entire thru-hike so far without a break, which is something that Ed can't seem to comprehend.  This leads to an argument about Linda's desire to go out on the road again, and her desire to have the kids, which Ed is loathe to allow.  Ed takes out his frustrations on a nearby bear.  It is not long before the bear has a serious reaction to Ed's actions, and when the bear attacks, Ed pulls out his gun and shoots it, which kills the bear. This scene is just plain brutal, but not without a hint of humor.  For a movie with such an intense message, it is surprisingly light-hearted and fun.  After seeing this movie I am sure that there will be more movies about wilderness survival that are equally as good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun film to watch.  Some of the actors look a little silly, but the story is good, and the performances are good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I like the fact that this is a little bit of a western, but it's still a western.  The story is really good.    I can't wait to see what happens in the next movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say, that if you like your horror, you will like this movie. It has been a few years since I have seen a good horror movie and I was not disappointed. I am not sure if it is an original idea or a well done adaptation of a short story by a writer named John Carpenter. Either way, I enjoyed it and hope to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's a certain style to The Matrix that I find hard to ignore. It's a style that, as I've noted before, reminds me a little of a certain other movie I'm familiar with. The film is a classic of the genre, in a sense that its premise seems too ludicrous to be real, but that it's a real film. Its characters are all a little too perfect, and its visuals are just a little bit too perfect. The ending is just a bit too obvious. There's an old man who's just about to die, and he says to the people around him, "It's not so bad, after all." And then he dies. I like that the film makes fun of the way we humans treat death. The people around the old man say, "What a wonderful old man." I find that kind of thing endearing, and I think the film's message is pretty solid, if a little self-aggrandizing.  But it's pretty silly, as are most of the things that are funny in this movie.  Posted by Mark Harris at 1:18 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The thing about a big red nose, big red eyes and a big fat chest is that, if you put them together in a single body, it looks like a very big fat guy." - John Cleese (who has played many roles, including a lot of fat guys) "If you're not into science fiction, you should stay home." - Tom Baker (who played Doctor Who) "I am a man of very few words. I shall not attempt to describe The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy. It is so good that I find myself quoting lines from it at every opportunity." - Arthur C Clarke (who wrote about a very large space ship) "What do you think of, the Hitch-hiker's guide to the galaxy?" - Doctor Who "It is a wonderful, wonderful book." - Richard Dawkins "The Hitch-Holger's Guide is the greatest piece of writing in the English language, I think. It has been my life's greatest delight." - Douglas Adams (who invented the Hitchhiker myth) "In my own case, I've got the world's greatest secret. If I ever find out, I'm going to tell you. It's a real secret, you know." - J. R. R Tolkien (who, as you may remember, wrote the very first Tolkien story) "There are three kinds of men: those who have one eye and one hand, those who carry a torch, and those who travel in time." - Dr. Seuss (who also wrote the first poem) "He has a very good imagination. He has a great sense of humor, but he's very serious." - James Joyce "I don't know a thing about space travel, but I think that if it exists at all, it must be very difficult to get off it." - Alan Shepard (who was the first American to fly in space) "That was a very funny little movie." - Stephen Hawking (who thought it was the funniest movie he'd ever seen) "One of the most amusing things that ever happened to me." - Bill Cosby "He's an idiot." - Albert Einstein (who told a joke about Einstein in a movie) "Well, I can tell you the name of the author of this book. It was Dr. Stephen Hawking. He's a brilliant mathematician and a very great physicist, and this is one of his better works. He was a bit eccentric, a bit odd,
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movie i have seen, the story is excellent, the movie was filmed in Australia in a beautiful outdoor setting, the acting was fantastic and the music is very well done.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I have been going to a lot of movies over the past few months. We love the Coen Brothers and they've always been great at making a movie funny, witty, and a lot more than the sum of their parts.   If you like Coen brothers, or even a movie about the Coens, or you just love good movies and comedy, then this is a movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of the best films of the year.  If you are a fan of science fiction and don't like sci-fi action, then this is not the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good and interesting movie about a strange character that is supposed to be an alien who lives in the jungle.  It has a good pace, is funny and has a lot of action scenes, especially a sequence in the temple where we see two guys fight a giant snake.   The main characters are funny and fun, and it has a strong ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  The story of the movie is quite interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've watched this movie multiple times and it's still an awesome movie.  The action is excellent and the fight scenes are fantastic.    This is one of those movies that will leave you breathless. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really hoping to see this movie but the cast was so great and I had no idea that this was the sequel to "Moulin Rouge". I liked that movie, so I was hoping for a follow-up that would make this one better. It did but not by much.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good!  It's really not a great movie, but it's not bad either.  For all that it's a horror movie it's actually a really good one.    You may not be able to see the film, but you can still see the actors in their roles. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most beautiful movie I have seen in a long time. A little bit more romance and action, and the main character will make you fall in love with him.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't expect the movie to be this good, but then again, I wasn't expecting the movie at all.  This movie was so good, so sad, so hilarious, and so much more, it made me laugh out loud.    For a while, I didn't want to see it, but it was a good enough movie that I couldn't help myself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a movie about the war in the Congo and the war against it. It is not a good film at all. There is nothing special about it. There are no special performances or anything. There isn't even any good performances. I didn't really care about the characters in this film. There aren't really any. There weren't any that I cared about at all because they were just characters. The characters were all just the same. There was a man, who was a soldier. He was kind of nice and friendly. He seemed to have a good heart. But he was just a soldier who wanted to be a hero. And he just didn't want to go. The other two soldiers were pretty much the same as well. They were kind of mean and nasty. They just wanted to get their way and that's all they wanted to do. The two soldiers in the film didn't have any good characters either. They didn't do anything in the story at all and there was nothing special that I liked about them. The only thing that I did like about the film was that I was watching a film that wasn't a bad movie. It was just pretty much a bad war movie. And that's what I was hoping for.   The only other thing that really annoyed me about this film was the sound. The sound in this movie was very bad. I found it very annoying. The music and the sound effects were all very bad as well and it was really very hard to hear the dialogue. I couldn't even really understand what was going on. It seemed that the director wanted to make a film about the Congo but he made a movie that was not good at all so that's why I didn' t like it.  's rating: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! I like to watch this movie with my wife. It is a fun and funny movie. I hope they come up with a sequel to this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really liked this movie.  In the end, this movie was really good.  My Rating:  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a film that's more than a year old now, and while it was released in 1999, I'd already been a fan of the film since seeing it in 1998, so I wasn't expecting a whole lot from it, but I found that it was just as fun, if not better, than the first film.   This film is one of those "I'd like to see it again" kind of movies, and the reason is that it doesn't take itself too seriously.  It plays like a comedy, but not a bad one at that.  The plot is straightforward, but the humor comes from the way the characters act and the way they interact with one another.  They're not always the brightest or most sophisticated of people, but they're usually a lot funnier than they are.  This movie also features some great musical numbers, so it's definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that I have been waiting to see for a long time.  It is a movie that shows us a young man in the last years of his life.  I can't say I was disappointed.  The story was a bit long but it was done in a way that makes it seem as though it is all happening at once.  This movie isn't really about anything, it's about a man who is about to die.  It is told in a very slow way and in a strange way.  In the end, it is revealed that the young man is a robot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at the cinema in a small town, not far from where I live. There was not a lot of time to get through the film, as it was so short. I thought the acting was great and I really liked the ending of the film. I am glad I saw it. I would have liked to see more of the story line, but this is a movie that you will want to watch again and again.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has all the makings of a good time. The characters are good and the actors are great. The movie is not overly long and the action scenes are well done. I recommend this movie to fans of the old West and to anyone who loves westerns.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The original 'Star Wars' trilogy was so good that even the sequels failed to match it.    I am amazed at how good a movie this is, even when the story and the characters are predictable and repetitive.    But the special effects are amazing, the special and music are very good, and the story is very good too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am glad I made this movie a reality. It is a well-done and well-acted movie. The production is of the highest order.   "Citizen Kane" is an absolute classic and a work of art.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie with a strong sense of style, great special effects and some well-directed action sequences.   The script is decent, and the performances are good, but I wouldn't mind seeing the movie a second time, if only to see more of the amazing set design and special effects. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a long time filmgoer and a long-time fan of classic sci-fi, I have to say that this is a really good film. I would like to say this was the first time I have seen a good sci-fier, but I have been watching these types of films for a long, long time. I think that is a good way to describe this movie. The story of the movie is that of a starship, the USS Enterprise, whose Captain, Montgomery Scott (Christopher Lloyd), is suffering from an unexplained illness and is forced to make a difficult decision. Scott's decision is to abandon the ship, to go into stasis and wait for the next time he is healthy enough to be able to go back into action. The other crewmembers are the medical officers, Dr. McCoy (William Shatner) and Dr. Pulaski (Bette Midler). They have been in the ship for a number of years and know the ins and outs of it very well. McCoy and Pulasky are assigned to the Enterprise when the captain is incapacitated. When they arrive on the planet they find that it is a primitive planet, with no other humanoids, except for a group of children who seem to be very intelligent. McCoy is amazed by this group and is in awe of their intelligence and they are obviously far more advanced than he is. He is even more impressed when they ask him to tell them a story about the Enterprise. The children say the Enterprise has come to the planet to help them, but as it turns out, the children are a race of aliens who came to the Earth to study and learn. McCoy, in a moment of great wisdom, decides to help the children, because of his own experience on the Enterprise and the knowledge he has of the Earth. The film is filled with good laughs, good character development and a good story. It is a story that you will enjoy. It doesn't try to be anything but a simple and classic science fiction story. I have watched the original Star Trek, The Motion Picture, in the theaters and enjoyed it. It was the only time I saw the film in its original release. I'm glad that the film has been released in a high quality Blu-Ray release.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie at least 10 times and always had a great time. This is a fun movie that is a little different than other horror films that are out there.    Rated 5 out of 5  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   My father gave me this movie in the 80's, I remember thinking it was a lot like a bad episode of "Bewitched" where the witch had a cat, and then my father pointed out that the witch's cat was a panda and she was a witch. It is a good flick, though, the cat is really a cute panda.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. It has some pretty cool scenes. I'm not sure if the movie will do well in the end. It was fun to watch and I'm sure I'll see it again.  Review is for a movie that I saw at a theater. This is not a bad movie but it was very poorly made. I have never seen a movie this badly made before. I didn't enjoy the movie much at all. It's just a bad version of "The Lord of the Rings" and it's a bad Lord of The Rings. There were scenes I really didn't care about and scenes that just didn't work. This movie was a waste of time. The acting was poor. I just couldn't get into this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is about a man who tries to convince his wife to quit smoking by selling her a box of matches.   It's a great little movie with a good plot and a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a very well-crafted movie. There is a strong, if not very well developed, story that is very well explained. There are a couple of strong action sequences, and there are a number of interesting characters.   The only thing that I thought was not quite right was the dialogue. The character names are all rather long, which I found rather irritating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was pretty happy with this movie. The main characters are likeable and there's a lot of action.    I hope to see this movie on the big screen again one day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie.   It's a bit corny, but it's so good.  The movie is a parody of a bunch of other movies.  It starts off with a kid watching a little girl play with a doll.  Then he falls asleep and gets the girl to make him a balloon so he can go outside and meet the balloon man.  And he meets a guy who says that balloons can be used as a good thing.  But then he falls in love with the balloon.  He goes to his parents and tells them that he wants to marry the balloon girl.  They think that he is crazy and tell him to get a psychologist.  When the psychologist asks him about balloons, he says, "I don't know what they are, but I think they are the best thing since sliced bread."  He is taken to a psychologist, and he gets a shrink.  We then see the shrink try to give him balloons and he says that they are useless and they can't do anything.  There is also a balloon that floats above him.  That's all he has and the movie ends.  What a great parody! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film is about a group of people living in the mountains of New Hampshire. One day a stranger walks up to them. He is talking about how he wants to "go see what's out there". He says he can't afford to pay for a ticket, so they decide to hitchhike. They start the drive and the guy is so excited about the weather. He tells them about how the snow is beautiful and how it looks like there will be lots of snow this winter. He says that he is sure it will be fun and that they should have a good time. They are a bit hesitant at first, but they are glad that they found someone like this. After the first mile, the guy turns off the road and they realize they can't see anything. They ask him where he is going and he says, "I don't know, but it's great!" He stops and the people start to talk about where they are going and the strange guy comes out. He asks them what they are up to. They say they are just looking for something to do and the stranger says he doesn't see why they should do nothing. He has seen the same scenery for over a year and he is always up here looking at the mountains. They decide to go out and look for him. They have no money and they ask the stranger to ride with them.   This movie is a great little adventure story. It is a little too short to be a great film, but its good to have a short film to watch when you are bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have seen the original and have a good memory for the film you will probably enjoy this one as much.  It's a fun movie that shows a bunch of guys going on a camping trip, including a couple of hot girls.   It's a short movie, but the chemistry between the cast is good.  It will probably get a good laugh from you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The "Man from UNCLE" is a comedy-drama-dramedy with all the right ingredients.  This is a movie that should be seen in the right context: with the right people: with a family and a lot of laughs.   This is one of the most original movies I've seen: an action-comedy that has a lot going for it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a good flick, and the plot is a bit ridiculous. I don't know why they used the same director, or the same actors. The only good thing about it is the special effects.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found myself laughing out loud at this movie. It's a very well-acted film, and has some interesting ideas, such as an actual, non-existent monster with a huge head. There's also a character that I didn't really care about, but it's a fun little role. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies where you know from the start what you are in for: a very funny, very smart film. If you have not seen it yet, I recommend it!  Sean Paul - Slap Trap  by iPromote4Free  Reggae
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie. It is a good story and a good way to start your week.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts off with a montage showing the various ways in which a typical day in the life of a police officer might go: At his desk he gets the paper to look at, then goes into the bathroom to wash up and gets some coffee. He then heads over to the car, where he stops to have a quick cigarette and then to the desk to check his watch, then back to the station to get his badge, then to a nearby grocery store to get a box of cigarettes, then, finally, to the office. But the real life doesn't always go the way the film depicts it. The first thing that happens is that our hero, who has been working as a police inspector for five years, finds himself at a party with some buddies who are very impressed with him. The party is held at the home of a man who is an expert on the supernatural, and our hero is impressed with this man's knowledge. When the police officer gets back to his station, he finds his boss there. This is an unusual situation for the inspector to find himself in. The boss, however, doesn't seem to mind it at all. The inspector has some things to do to get back to work. First, he has to go to the grocery store, then take the box of smokes, then drive to the police station to have his badge stamped, then return to his home to eat dinner and then get some sleep before he goes to work at the office that day. Well, the inspector isn't the only one in this situation. There are others present, as well, including his wife, who's been staying at his house all this time and hasn't noticed that anything's up. After a little time, the police inspector gets a call from his wife that her son is being kidnapped. The next day, the officer goes to the house where the boy is being held, and the kidnapper is not there. After being interrogated, the boy tells the officer that he has been taken by a man he has never met before. The officer then realizes that he is at the wrong house. This leads to the officer being taken to a very strange place. The story then cuts to the detective, who goes to find the kidnappers. This story ends on a cliffhanger.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to say this movie is one of my favorites and I highly recommend it. I think the movie was well done, the acting was spot on and it had that classic 70's feel about it. There were some parts that were just silly, but the whole movie has a great atmosphere and I love the 70's vibe.
Write a positive review about a good movie:     "The End of the World as We Know It" is a strange, funny, and chilling movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie, it is really dark, it's really violent, and it's also pretty funny, but it is not just a joke, the movie does touch on some pretty serious issues, especially when it comes to child molestation. I thought it was pretty great, and I think it's one of the more well-made movies of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you want a story about two guys who try to rob a bank in a ski mask then this movie is a good one to watch.  It is not a very good movie but it is a fun one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of the movies from the '80s and '90s then this movie will be right up your alley.  The story is actually quite interesting and quite dark, and it's really well made.    The characters are all well-drawn, and the action scenes are quite good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I don't know how you do it, but every time I see a good film, I think it was made in a dream. That's what it is. A dream."  -Richard Harris   A beautiful and moving film. It's a bit hard to watch at times, but that's probably due to the fact that I'm trying to focus on what's going on and not worry about the details. It is a beautiful film that does have its faults and flaws. The acting is pretty weak at times and the story is really quite thin, but it's an incredibly good film. I think that if you don't mind the weak acting and a pretty bare plot, then you might enjoy it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie in a small theater with the sound turned down. I was in the theater for a few minutes, the film was a bit slow. The actors were good and the director was a great director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a solid action-adventure movie with a nice script and a nice cast.  The movie has a fun premise with the idea that the aliens are on a mission to save their planet and destroy a giant city.  They arrive at the city via a mysterious spaceship and find the inhabitants living in an underground city. The movie does a good job of portraying the alien invaders.    The alien invaders are very good looking.  The aliens are able to communicate with the humans using a very primitive language.  Unfortunately, this alien language is extremely bad.  I don't know why, but I found the language to be unintelligible.  One of the aliens even refers to a "black hole" as if it were a real thing.  It is an interesting premise, but unfortunately it is never realized.  Despite its short run-time, the movie still manages to create a lot of excitement.  There are several fun set pieces, including a fight with a robot with a human head.  Overall, I thought this movie was a good action-movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first film in the original trilogy is the most "out there" of the three.   It has no relation to the original movie at all, but it still works.  The characters are interesting and you feel bad for them.  This is a movie that should be seen by fans of the original films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an amazing movie, but there's a problem.   It's a great movie.  The acting is amazing.  I mean, it's really amazing. It's like an American Western movie. It really doesn't matter who's the bad guy.  I like it when the good guys win.  The movie has all of the classic Western moments. It even has the good-guy gunslinger.  It also has the Western music, which is so great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you are looking for a story that is about life and love and hope and joy and adventure, then this is a good one. It is about a boy and his dog that are separated from their owner and they end up on a desert island and it is a little bit like a Disney movie with lots of laughter. It has the same sort of heart as the movies like Tangled and Snow White.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As the movie title suggests, this is a horror movie about a ghost that can kill you in less than a minute, and it is absolutely terrifying. The movie starts with a young boy who has a fever, and he is sent to a hospital in the city to be treated for it. As he is sitting on a bench, a ghostly figure falls from the sky, and lands on top of him, holding a knife to his throat. The boy tries to run away, but the ghost grabs his head, and as he struggles to free himself, the knife starts to slide into his neck. As the figure's head begins to fall off of his body, the young boy realizes he has a choice: let the figure take him or die.   I have never been scared so badly in a movie. It is absolutely scary.  I hope you all enjoyed this review! If you have a good horror movie in your collection, please let me know!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this a few years ago at a friend's house. I was impressed by the movie as it had a good pace, and the story was good, but the acting and music were just not my cup of tea. It is a great movie, and I hope it gets some release in a big way soon!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was really good. I didn't mind the time loop or the fact that it was set on a ship, but I loved the humor of the movie. It had that old school feeling of "I know how to make a living, I know how a ship works, I'll tell you about it" and then the humor kicks in when they get on the ship. I'd watch this again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great homage to the old cartoons. The actors are good and the animation is great. The ending was a surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful story about a girl who goes to a school where she meets and falls in love with a teacher.   The movie is an adaptation of a book by the French writer Pierre Boulle.  The film is directed by Jean-Pierre Melville.  He is known for his work with actors like Jean Reno and Jean-Louis Trintignant.  Melville also worked with Marlene Dietrich and Jean Harlow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie has the typical "big" special effects, like the giant flying saucer. The special effects are pretty good, though I do not like the greenish blue color of the ship. The movie is fun to watch, and the movie is not over after just a few minutes, you see how the story ends and then the movie takes off, so you have to sit and watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie. It was good and well done. The actors did well in portraying the situations they were in. The music was a good thing to listen to as well. I would highly recommend this movie to any fan of Sci-Fi.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie.  If you like sci fi and monster movies, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last act of the film is one of the most memorable scenes I have ever seen in a movie.  It's just amazing how a man who's been in prison for a long time can still come out with such a sense of humor.    It's just sad to see a man die and to see him come out of prison so much stronger. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a nice movie. If you like comedy movies like this, then you'll like this. It has a great cast. It's got a great plot, and it's a little funny. It also has a good ending.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the best action film ever made.  I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best action films ever made.   I think the movie is great for all the reasons listed above, I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great comedy about a guy who works at a supermarket, but is a little more interested in the fact that he can talk to animals, and who is actually an animal himself, who is just very happy to be in a good place like a supermarket and have a good job.  He is really a character you can really relate to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good sequel to the movie of the same name.  The first movie was quite funny, I thought it was quite good, too bad it was not more so.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies ever.  This is a movie that is about love, honor, respect and honor in the eyes of the law.   I think it is one of the best movies ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this movie on the 16th of May at the cinema in the old village of Graz, which is now a ghost town. The film was directed by Erich von Stroheim (The Blue Angel) and features a beautiful cast of German actors, including the wonderful Joanna Krupa. The plot is a pretty straightforward one. A woman goes to a remote German castle in order to take her son home. What she finds there is not quite as it seems, as she is confronted with a horrifying scene of brutal torture and death. The movie was very well done, and I found it to be very hard to watch at times. The only problem I had with it was the ending. I really felt like this was the movie's way of ending the movie. But I can't help but wonder how long it would have taken to finish the movie without that. But that is just my opinion.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is set in the mid 1800's, but the movie is set during the early 1900's. This is a classic tale of a little girl who comes across a mysterious painting by a young artist. The little girl is a child of ten who loves art. She sees the picture on the wall and she thinks it is a pretty picture. But she has never seen a picture like this. The movie is a wonderful story about a young girl and her best friend. The story has a great feel to it and the characters are wonderful. The actors are fantastic and you can see the joy and passion on their faces. This story is so happy and funny, that I could cry. It is the kind of story you have never seen before. It will keep you smiling all day. This movie is definitely a must see.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie!  The plot is solid and the acting is top notch.  This movie is a classic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fun! I'm a huge fan of horror films, and the ending was just right! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It is a nice blend of horror and comedy. This movie is really good, and the performances are great.  The only bad part is that it seems like this movie was made for a different time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    When I read that this film was going to be filmed in Iceland, I was skeptical at first. It was about two Icelandic teenagers who were sent to the US as children by their parents for being too old. They have to go to college and get married and have kids. I didn't like the story and the way the filmmakers were shooting it. I thought they were trying too hard to be authentic. I felt like I was watching an American version of an Icelandic movie. I also didn't care for the movie's sound effects. It sounds like the film crew was making it up as they went along.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie that I've seen this year, by far.   This is one of the best action movies of all time, and that's saying a lot.  A lot of credit needs to be given to the writer of this film, Robert Mitchum.  The movie itself has a lot of good moments, but most of them don't last more than a few minutes.  There is a great fight scene at the end of the movie, that is all you need to see.  This movie is definitely worth a watch, even if you haven't seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very well-done film, a real drama about a murder that's a bit too much like a soap opera. I think this film would have been better if it had been a drama. The characters were all a bit flat, especially one of the victims. The plot was very interesting, I loved all the characters, even the villains. The ending was great and sad, too bad I couldn't find the film on DVD.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a bit of a masterpiece, it is an awesome film, I really enjoyed this film, you really get a good idea of how a film could be made, from the way the film looks to the way it plays. The story line is good and you really feel like you are in the middle of a great adventure, you will not be disappointed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't have a lot of bad things to say about this movie, it's just good.  It's about a boy who is sent to a boarding school and discovers that he has magical powers.  There's some very funny stuff in this movie.    It's about an alien and a boy with magical powers, but the alien is the worst. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie really funny.  The writing and acting were really great.  There's also a really cool "museum" scene at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this a couple of months ago and really enjoyed it.   The film was a little dated at times, but the cast was still really good.  I did like the movie a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a fan of horror and suspense movies, and I've seen some good ones, like Poltergeist, or even I Know What You Did Last Summer. I was pleasantly surprised by this movie. The story is pretty straightforward: A husband and wife (Beth and Peter) are living in a rural cabin with their two kids (Drew and Stephanie). Peter is a very intelligent man and can do a little of everything. He can cook, fix things, help out with the kids when they need it, etc. It's all very standard American stuff, but the way the story is told is very good. There's a great sense of tension and suspense throughout the movie.  This is a good horror movie and I'm very glad I found it.  5.5 out of 10
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is a great one.  The movie is set in the year 1843.  It is about a group of people who have come to America in search of fortune.  One of them is a man named Bill who is very intelligent.  When they arrive in America, Bill decides to go to the University to study medicine.  Bill's friends are the students in his class.  They do not like Bill's intelligent ways of thinking.  After a while they start to hate him.  His friends also start to dislike him.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was really pleased with this movie.  It is a good, simple story of a guy who's father dies, and then the guy gets a new father in his father's brother (or maybe it's his uncle).  They all live in a house together, but one day, the son of the brother who lives there wants to see the movies that his brother has seen.    Well, I have to admit that I don't remember what the movie was about.      The guy who plays the brother is a little goofy, and I don.  a lot of laughs out of it.  It has a great theme song.  The movie is about a brother and his brother's friend, and their lives are all sort of intertwined. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw the film a few weeks ago, and the cast was wonderful.  The movie was good, but didn't live up to the book.  I would have liked more action.  But I like the idea of the book: a world where there is magic and science and a little boy who doesn't want to be a part of either.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that I've ever seen that does not make me laugh out loud, that is, the first time that I didn't laugh out louder at all. I don't mean to be too harsh on the movie, but I thought that it was the funniest thing that I'd seen in a while. If you like bad movies, then this is the movie for you.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was so great. I think the most exciting thing in the film was the fact that we saw two different groups of people in the city - the poor, oppressed and abused citizens of London who were being persecuted by the ruling class of the time, and the aristocrats who had all the power and the best stuff in the world.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like how the story of a bad guy who has a good heart is told, while the bad guy's heart is broken by an attractive woman who's only desire is to get him to like her. I also like that the movie is not a horror movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I like this movie. The actors are good. The movie has a nice feel to it. It does take a while to get going but it gets there. The only downside is that the movie is a bit boring.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I would have loved to have seen this movie as a kid, and still do. I have seen other children's movies with less imagination than this one, and this one is much more imaginative. The characters are bright and full of life, and the story is quite entertaining, even though it is somewhat predictable. The film is rated PG, and if you are a fan of animated movies, you should give it a try.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The best movie I have seen in a long time, and not because I have a lot of time to spend watching movies. It is very funny, the characters are all funny and it is a very well made movie.   It is a film that I can watch again and again, it is so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was not a huge fan of this film when I first saw it in theaters (my sister and I sat in front of a live audience, and the first half was so long that we had to watch it twice!).   In retrospect, I think it was an interesting story that made for a nice, light, and entertaining film.   The story follows a pair of brothers who are playing a game in which they have to guess what the other brother is thinking.  This is followed by a brief scene where the brother's father tells them the true story of what happened when their father and brother were playing cards.  I didn't see a ton of the film, but I was impressed with the visuals and the story, and it was a pleasant way to start off a Sunday night. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The "Tunnel" is one of those films that I wish were more like it, not because I didn't like it but because it was so simple. It is not about how a movie like this could be made so well, but because there are so many simple things that are so important in a film. The main character is a child, and a child is very sensitive to his surroundings. He's got an odd sort of sense of humor and when it comes to his own body, he's quite a little fellow. But he's also an optimist and when things are good, he thinks things are so much better than they really are. He has no problem accepting that the people he knows are all lying to him. And that makes him happy. The problem is that all of the people who lie to him are the kind of people that he hates. It seems that every day, some new "trouble" arises and he thinks that he's the only one that can solve it. And so he does, just by being a little more clever than the people around him. He isn't quite sure what he's doing and he can't tell anyone why he's getting into all of this trouble. But there's something about the way he looks at things that makes me think he's going to make it out. It's a little hard to explain, but it's like his eyes are telling him something. And he's not quite sure if he's ready to be told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty good movie.   A couple of minor issues here and there but not really a huge deal. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have watched this movie twice now. The first time I did not like it. I felt the acting was very fake. It looked as if the filmmakers had made this movie in order to get the Oscar nomination. I don't know how to say this but it was so bad I had to put it down and go to sleep. The second time I watched it I loved it. The acting is much better. I am still not sure if this movie is good or bad but it is still good to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last 10 minutes were just perfect. The music was good, the acting was excellent, and the ending was brilliant. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies about the Holocaust ever made, even better than Schindler's List.  It is a great story about how a man's actions affect a group of people, and how those actions create the history of a people.  For many people, the movie has nothing to do with what they are talking about.    I'm not sure what they were talking about, but it was probably about a group who were in a concentration camp when the Nazis came to take over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that can be enjoyed by everyone.   It is a great movie and well worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that this movie will be appreciated by everyone, but especially by the "hard core" fan of the series.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to agree with all of the previous reviewers who say this is one of the best movies ever made. It is so good that when I saw it for the first time, I felt like I was watching a documentary about one of my favorite TV shows. It was like watching a film in the style of a great silent movie. The acting is excellent and the writing is very good too.   The only downside I found in this film is the fact that the soundtrack is so bad. It would be great if the soundtrack was made of the same quality that the film is made of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really a pity that the movie is so short and has little to do with the novel. The author does a fine job of giving a very well-developed story with a lot of mystery and intrigue.  I really hope that the writer can continue with the story and that there will be a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a solid thriller with great acting, interesting script and the best performances in a while.  A lot of good actors show up and they all play their roles well.  I'm not sure if this is a good film but I'm glad I found it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw the trailer for the film "Hair" and it was awesome. I don't know why the hair was green and it looked like a different color than the rest of the movie, but it looked good. I was excited to see what happened to it. It was pretty cool and I was glad I saw it.  "Hair", starring Kevin Durand and Jason Mantzoukas is the story of a man who can turn into anything he wants by shaving off his hair. This doesn't come without some trouble, because of the way this movie is made, but Durand's performance as the lead is very believable and the rest are all pretty good. The best thing about the movie is the soundtrack. Kevin's music is great, and it gives you a good idea of the setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a fan of sci-fi movies, but this one, while certainly a sci- fi flick, is a little bit different from other movies of that genre. It's a little different in the way that the story is told, and in the style of the script, and that makes the movie a little less predictable than most other sci- fic movies of this type. I have to admit that I was a little surprised by the plot, but the fact that the director didn't take a lot of chances in that regard really made me like it more.    Overall, it's a good sci-fic movie, with a good story and decent acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The "M" is for Man-of-the-Year (or, if you're feeling ambitious, Man of the Year).   Director John Frankenheimer was a big name in the early 1960s, when the film world was starting to take notice of the effects that nuclear weapons could have on the environment, and a new generation of filmmakers was being trained by directors like Werner Herzog, Stanley Kubrick, and Francis Ford Coppola.   I have long been a fan of John Frankenheim and I think his best film is The Killing (1966). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a movie about a little girl who lives in a world of magic and wonder and the people she meets are all different, strange and wonderful. It's about a magical girl who helps people, and a boy who helps her. It has an endearing charm that can't be put into words. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all.   I'd call this a good sequel to the original, but it's not quite.  While the original was fun and a little different, I was never really able to get the hang of the story or the characters.  In this movie, we are thrown into a world where magic and technology are fused together in a way that is very unique and interesting.  It's really quite a good film, but the only thing I can complain about is the fact that there's a certain amount of repetition in the story.  There's a lot of character development in this one, and I would have liked to see more.  I do recommend this movie to anyone that enjoys science fiction and fantasy, or just loves to see a different kind of film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie. I think it's the first time I've watched a movie like this, and I can't wait to see what else they have in store for me! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to confess that this movie had me at a loss for words. I'm not sure I've ever seen a movie that is so disturbing in so many different ways. There's nothing in this movie that I haven't seen before and there's nothing here that I didn't expect to see.  What I like about the movie is that it's just that. It's just a movie, there's not much to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has many things going for it. A good, funny, action packed thriller with a well developed character and a story that is gripping and full of action.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love this movie.  It's not perfect, but it's very good.  The acting is good, the story is funny, and the ending is great.  I like the music too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Devil in Miss Jones" is an entertaining, if slow, film that is not the worst I've seen. It is about a young girl who is having an affair with a rich young man. In order to get some money she seduces him and then the story unfolds as it was supposed to.   The plot is somewhat predictable, however it is quite entertaining. The characterizations are also quite good, especially the ones of the two characters in love with the same man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't watched a lot of Hollywood films. I haven 't seen the 'Django' movie ( I have seen the film but never the original )   The story of the movie is pretty basic. A guy is hired to kill a guy and he kills the guy.   It's really boring.  The film was made in 1971.      In the movie, they are using a real gun, real bullets, real gun barrel, real trigger, real magazine, real ammo, real blood, real death, real explosion.  And I guess the story has a happy ending.  In all seriousness, I don't think this movie is worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think this is the best sci-fi movie ever made.  The story has a certain old school sci-fiercism about it, and the characters are likable enough.    It's also worth watching the classic " The Last Starfighter " as well.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a little bit of everything: a love triangle (a rare romance for Hollywood), a good villain, a good heroine, a decent story, and an overall good movie.  I can't say that the ending was entirely satisfactory, but it wasn't bad.    I didn't really like the villain, but he is still a good character.  The film is good for family viewing and the kids will enjoy the film as well.  It was a fun movie for a Saturday afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is well told, and the movie is very good.   This is a classic movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like this movie because it's about the little guys. It's a little hard to like a movie about the tiny guys.   This movie is really about a little boy's first day at school.  It's all about the kids.  The story is about a girl named Jane who is sick and is in the hospital.  She has a little brother named Jimmy.  He has no friends.  One day a little kid named John comes by and tells her that his dad is going to be there for her.  Jane says that he's too small and doesn't know how to read.  So she tells him that she can teach him.  But John doesn't seem to be interested.  Then Jane tells him about a big old tree in the backyard.  Now he gets it.  This is the movie that made me love kids. It had a really cool ending that made a huge impact on me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a solid, low-budget comedy that features a very strong performance from Jason Priestley.   Priestley plays a lawyer that is in the habit of playing a role that's much smaller than his ego would suggest, but is quite entertaining nevertheless.  This film is filled with good laughs and the acting is solid enough to make it worth your time.    
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of a film being made with a good budget and a great cast.  It's one of those films where a couple of scenes just don't work at first.  But it's not until the second half that the film really gets going.  There's a good balance of humor and drama and it all works.  The film isn't all that funny but it's funny enough to get you through a day.  A good watch for the whole family!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little disappointed that the movie didn't use much of the original footage and that it had the original title on the cover.  It's still an entertaining little flick, but I'm a little tired of the "wizards in disguise" gimmick.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie. Not the best movie ever, but a good one and worth a watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie. The story line is interesting and the acting is good.   Overall it's a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The "The Good Dinosaur" is an animated adventure about the dinosaur, Rex, who's having trouble keeping up with his own pace. The young boy, Arlo, tries to help by giving Rex a boost, but to no avail. When Arlo leaves, Rex decides to take a break and relax with his friends. But when they all run off, Rex ends up getting stuck in the mud and getting stuck too!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of movies try to do the impossible and come up with something that is at least somewhat believable, and most of them fail. This one succeeds, it is the kind of movie that people will enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the idea, but the movie is not really good. It starts off with a typical love triangle. The two lovers are played by the same actress, and there are some good acting moments, but they don't really add to the movie. The movie is mostly about a couple who live in a trailer park with their son, and have some trouble trying to get by. There are a lot of awkward scenes, and the movie gets off to a slow start.   It's a little frustrating to see the same old romantic comedy in every romantic comedy. In fact, it seems like everyone has a romantic comedy at some point in their life. I don't know if they're just making them up for a quick laugh, or if they've really been doing this since the 1950's. The actors do a nice job of making these situations interesting, but I just can't see any chemistry between the two couples. I'm hoping they try a little harder to find it. It's not that they don;t have chemistry, it's just that there isn't a lot there.   (view spoiler) I really enjoyed this movie. I thought it was funny, it was interesting, and it had a good cast. It is definitely worth watching.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The plot:   You get to meet a bunch of new friends and get introduced to some old friends that help you get used to your new life. The first day is fun, we all go out and drink a lot, which is good because that's when all of the characters are really at their best. It's an extremely enjoyable movie to watch, and I enjoyed every moment of it.   Plot: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I love a good zombie movie.  It's got great zombies, a nice, funny story, and a great soundtrack.  I'm not even sure if it's a zombie movie or a horror movie. I don't know.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was born and raised in the city of Detroit, but I moved to the suburbs about 10 years ago. I'm glad I made that move. It's a real melting pot. The suburbs are the best place in America for black people. The music, the food, the TV, the movies, the art, the cars...the suburbs are just amazing. You never have to leave the house!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story takes place in a futuristic setting. There is no action, and most of the film takes place with the main characters in a spaceship orbiting a planet. The main character is a space bounty hunter named Koko, a former bounty hunter turned space pirate. Koko is a skilled warrior, and has an interesting way of speaking. There are a lot of twists and turns in the film.   If you like space, science fiction, and you like to see a space adventure with a bounty hunter and space pirates, then I recommend you to check this out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a little disappointed that there weren't any new dinosaurs.  The movie looked pretty good and I liked the dinosaurs (well, except for the velociraptors).  What made the movie really work was the characters. Â It was a good mix of all of the different characters. I liked that there was a different character for each dinosaur and I was pleased to see that the writers weren't afraid to show a little bit of diversity.    "No more of this old crap."   I enjoyed this movie and it will be a good addition to my collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was looking forward to this movie because it had the first movie on DVD that I've seen. I wasn't a big fan of the first one, but I did like the second one and this one had more jokes. I liked the way they went about their jobs and I was hoping they'd find the real killer. The only thing that was disappointing was the lack of a killer. It seemed like they were just there to act like detectives. I can't say that I was disappointed though. It was a fun movie to watch. I do hope to see it again and it's only $10 on Amazon.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was actually quite pleased with this movie.   The movie is funny and has a good amount of action scenes.  A few of the characters are quite interesting and it was nice to see some new faces.  This movie is fun and has enough heart to be enjoyable.  It is a great time with a good storyline that is quite enjoyable.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The best thing about a movie like this is that it has no idea what it's about."   In case you haven't heard of it, here's what the New York Times had to say about The Last Temptation of Christ: "In a way, The Last Supper is the perfect movie. It has a plot: Christ is tempted by Satan; a bunch of guys come in to save him. That's it. No need for dialogue. No one is killed. No plot is spoiled. There are no characters. There is no resolution. No big reveal. There's a lot of movie about a lot less.   This movie is an excellent film; a very good movie. But if you're going to talk about the perfect film, The Final Temptations of Christ is not the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I was excited to see this film, but I'm still very disappointed. The movie was about a young guy who has an accident on a construction site and is trapped in the middle of it. He is saved by a little girl who falls off a building and into the construction site. He saves her and takes her home. She says she wants to live with her father and her stepmother. She tells him she's going to have to stay there until she gets her driver's license. She doesn't want to go back home but she says she will. She wants to go to college in Michigan. She also wants to have a man who's been with her since the accident and who loves her, but he is out of town. He's not going to come back. She's also not going back to the apartment that she was living in before the accident. She is going to live in an apartment with her boyfriend. The whole thing was very sad and not very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . I am a huge fan of the series and I had a blast seeing this movie. The story is fantastic.   I thought it was amazing how much the actors changed their personalities as the years went by.  I wish they'd bring back the old crew!   Overall:  Great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been watching the original version of the film since it came out in 1967. I am now over 40 and still find the movie to be funny and amusing. I love the musical number, it is great. I recommend this movie to everyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of my favorite movies. This is one of those movies you see in the theatre and have to re watch again and again, and again and it's that good!   Mama Mia!  This is a movie you will always have in your mind when you want to have a good time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The second part of the trilogy of a very underrated series of "The Man Who Sold The Moon"  a tale about a small boy who gets caught in a trap and then saves a girl from an evil monster.  A very good movie, and a good lesson to kids of the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This was an excellent movie. It's a classic tale of a group of young people living on a farm in the middle of nowhere. It had all the hallmarks of a great movie. The acting, the music, the plot, the story, the characters, the scenery, the landscapes, the dialog, the dialogue, the cinematography, the production design, the editing, the special effects, the costumes, the makeup, the props, the stunts, the set pieces, the musical numbers, the songs, the dance numbers, and the special sequences. It also has a strong feminist element, a beautiful and inspiring heroine and a heroine who is very strong, independent, and not afraid to take on the men who want to do her a favor. I'm a sucker for a good western.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The premise is a bit like a reverse version of The Hangover, only the people from the real world aren't hungover but are in the midst of an extended nightmare.   The film is set at a high school, which is where we first meet our two lead characters.  One is a pretty blonde with a really hot body, who has a boyfriend who's a big mean guy.  She's very smart and smart enough to get a full ride on a scholarship to a prestigious school, but the boyfriend doesn't appreciate her intellectualism.  In the middle of this is a tall, very muscular guy with a mean streak who's always ready to fight, and whose only purpose is to have fun.  The guy is a big fan of wrestling, so he and his friend decided to come to a wrestling match at a local park.  This leads to a pretty interesting set up.  I loved that the guy in the ring was pretty much just a bully, and that he was willing to let his friend beat up the cute girl in the front row, but then he got angry and hit the guy with the wooden chair.  At the end of the day, I felt that the whole movie was about the fact that the wrestler would do whatever he had to to keep the guy from hurting his girlfriend.  And to that end, I feel like the guy who was beaten up in the end was a pretty fair opponent.  As a final note, I'm very impressed by the fact they used the whole thing for a sports movie.  It is pretty interesting to see a movie about a highschool wrestling match, but I feel that a lot of the action is set in a school hall, and not in the gymnasium.  As a final thought, I would like to mention that the movie is pretty bad.  But I did like the fact the movie didn't have a ton of sex. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the second "Star Trek" movie. This one is about the Enterprise being forced to flee the planet of Khitomer and take a trip back in time. The Enterprise is attacked by a Klingon ship. Kirk is wounded and the ship takes off. We are shown what the future of the Klingons might have been.   The first movie was excellent and it should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a guy who is a really nice guy who gets caught up in a war that seems to be happening on a regular basis.   I guess I should have seen this movie years ago because it seems to have aged well.  It's about a man who is out doing a job and gets caught in the middle of a war.  I think this is a good film that's just about as close to perfect as you can get. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very nice little movie about a couple who move into a new house.  Their new neighbors are a couple of old friends of the wife's family.    The husband is an old school farmer and his wife is a schoolteacher.  I like that they don't try to change things up by adding a bunch of new characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is all about the romance of a young couple who decide to visit the place where they met.   It is about an Englishman and a Frenchwoman who get married.  And a little more.  I was happy with the movie.  There were a few things I didn't like and I am glad I didn�t pay much attention to them.  One was that the Englishman always looked like he wanted to leave his wife and have a good time.  The Frenchwoman never looked like she wanted to get married to a man who is so young.  Another thing I didn´t like was the way the girl and the man went to the movies.  It was too fast.  As the movie is about the English and the French man, I am guessing that they would have been very close friends.  But the movie didn´ t show this.  A couple of other things I thought were strange.  First of all I didn`t know that the Frenchman had a brother.  He was mentioned, but it didn´nt seem that he was important.  Also, the Frenchwoman didn´re married to an American.  This would be a good thing to know, but I thought the movie would have shown that the Frenchman had more to do with the American wife.  In fact, it shows that the wife is a little bit French. But the husband isn´t.  Now I would have liked a little better that the husband wasn´t a Frenchman.  What else can I say?   I give this a good score. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It is a wonderful story about two people who are good friends and who have a very special bond, one that is bound to grow stronger. There are some great and well done stunts and scenes in this movie that is quite entertaining. It features some fantastic special effects that are very realistic. The music is also very good and the cinematography is superb. This movie is one that should be watched by anyone who loves good movies and is also interested in the paranormal. It does have a slight slant towards the supernatural, but it is not very noticeable. Overall, I give this movie a very good rating. I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys good stories and good movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie a lot. It's got a good script, a good cast and a good story to tell. It might not be the greatest movie ever, but it's definitely worth watching. The cast is great, especially the two leading ladies: Annabeth Gish and Lila Cheney. I really enjoyed Lila, I found her funny, kind of silly and kind of sad. It was fun watching her act out all the silly little things she had to deal with. I liked Annabeth, but I'm not sure why she's so popular with the boys. Maybe it's the fact that she's a great actress. It doesn't hurt that she knows how to dress and act. The script is good too. I don't know why it's so hard for the boys to get laid. It seems like they have to spend more time at the gym or something. The girls in this movie are kind of cute, too. It does seem a little bit like it's written by a 14 year old.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a movie buff, I enjoyed this movie a lot. I don't know if the producers intended this as a film about the Second World War, but it is not. It is not a war film, but a war movie that happens to be about the war.   The movie does a good job at giving the reader an idea of the different types of planes involved in the war, and it is all in the form of an aerial fight. The cinematography is pretty good and it never gets too close to the ground. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "My mother and I are both of Polish descent. We grew up with Polish traditions, and the movie is one of the best examples of this.  It's a great film that gives us a glimpse of Polish life in the early 20th century.    It's one of those movies that will give you chills when you see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a young man's dream to become a famous singer in Hollywood. But after he arrives there he finds out that the music business is all about the money and that he has no talent. After a failed attempt to be a movie director, he decides to try and become a Hollywood actor. He is recruited by a girl named Gwen (who turns out to be his aunt). His dreams of becoming a famous actor start to come true when he gets an audition and ends up becoming the star of a movie. He ends up marrying the love of his life, the beautiful actress Elizabeth, who also ends up being a famous actress. In addition to their beautiful family life, they have a young son who is named Billy. They are all living a good life, until they have an accident and Billy dies. The family is devastated by the death of Billy and then Gwen gets a job at a theater. Gwen's only goal in life is to help Billy with the pain he has caused her. The two of them also have an on-again off-again relationship, which ends up with Billy having a baby. Their lives take a turn for the worse when the baby gets sick and dies. Genny is in tears because of the loss of her only child, so she decides to get Billy's old band back together and try and make it big in Hollywood again. However, the road to success is not as easy as she thinks and she will have to deal with a lot of problems along the way.    There were a lot more things to like about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly.  I haven't seen the movie since its release, but it's my favorite of all of the Coens' films.    It's a fun, well-acted, well written, and well acted comedy that I think is probably their best.  The movie follows the story of a small time criminal, who gets pulled into a larger scheme involving the mob, the CIA, and the mafia.  This is a movie where there are a lot of little characters who are all given depth and complexity and it's just great.  It really is just great to watch a Coen movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a short movie but I enjoyed it very much. It was just me and my mom and she liked it too! I'm really glad I watched it because I like the short one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this one with a friend, and it really surprised us.  A fun little adventure with some really cool and original ideas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an outstanding movie about an extraordinary woman. She is a mother who has to face the reality that she is having a child for the first time. It is the only way she can get some peace. She takes her son for a drive and finds a road that takes her through the forest. It's a lovely movie that leaves you wanting more. I'd give it a 7.5 out of 10!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I can see why this was nominated for an Academy Award, I really think this is a terrific movie.  The cast is great and the plot is really interesting.    I really liked this movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The End" is a classic thriller, the first in a trilogy by the great Swedish director Fredrik Malmberg, about the struggle between the forces of good and evil, a story of love and betrayal, a tale of evil and good, and a tribute to a brave and brilliant man.       The film begins in a beautiful Swedish village, where a young man is playing in the garden with a friend.  They are about to leave, when the young man stops to watch the birds and ducks.      Suddenly a duck takes off into the woods, and disappears into a ravine.    A little later the boy hears a strange noise coming from a tree in the village, and he sees a man in the woods.    The man tells the boy he has a terrible message, and that a man will die unless he gets to the woods and tells it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A well done movie with some good acting and great effects. It has a good pace and some great effects that will keep you on the edge of your seat.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie and a good story about a kid who's always wanted to be a superhero.   The story is simple, the characters are all likable, and the music is great.  I loved this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film follows a group of people living in the woods. There is a woman who has lost her son, and her husband died shortly after. Her husband's mother and father live in a big house in the city, and are very well off. They are the ones who raised the child and he is the only one they've ever known. One day, they see a deer on the road. They stop to see it, and when they return, the deer has died. A man and his wife come to the woman's house to find out what happened. The woman tells them that a man came to her house a few weeks ago, and had a very strange dream. He said that he was in a very dark room, and that he had a lot of gold. He told her that he wanted to buy it and take it back to his people. The man also said that the woman was the only woman who had ever given him a smile. The next day, the woman had a heart attack and the man rushed her to the hospital. The doctor had a conversation with the man about the woman and what he had told her. The following day, when the man and the doctor go out for a walk, the man tells the doctor about his dream. It seems that the gold is being stolen from him, and he needs the help of a young woman who is in love with him. The young woman has a secret. She is actually a vampire.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was expecting a different type of movie but I was very pleasantly surprised with this movie. It is a true action movie and it doesn't hold back. The story is very interesting and it is quite different than what I was hoping to see.   This is a great movie that I can't wait to see the next time it is on!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie of the year.  I have been watching the movie since it came out, and the story of this one has been on my mind a lot lately.  I can't wait to watch the rest.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think we've finally found a director who can truly make a movie about a movie. This is not just a movie, it's a movie that is a movie made to be seen. This movie is so much fun. It's funny, it has a fantastic cast, it is a great action movie and it is just so beautifully made.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a real nice film!   I've never seen a movie that made me laugh as much as this one!  There are plenty of good things about it, from the beginning of the movie.  It really shows the struggle of being a family man.  There's a scene early on where the dad is trying to convince his son to go to the gym.  This is an important scene for this movie, because it shows that the father doesn't know everything about the boy.  I especially like the scene where the father tries to convince the son to stay away from a girl who just came from a party.  The dad then goes to his friend and tells him that he is going to take the boy out to a movie, but the boy tells him he's tired of going to movies.  Then he goes to the friend's house and gets the movie "The Wizard of Oz".   When the movie starts it's a little hard to understand.  We see the boy go to his house and see a woman.  In a nice touch the guy that the boy thinks is a girl has a mustache.  After the girl walks away the boy looks around, and thinks to himself "I wonder who she is".  We then see the wizard come out of the Emerald City.   After this we have a long shot of the boy going to his dad's house, where we see the dad and son sitting in front of a fireplace.  At the end of the scene there is a cut to the father telling his son "Be good, and don't let anyone tell you that you can't be a good man".  I have to say that the movie is very short, but still it is a good time.  As a family movie, this is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first movie I watched of this kind I was totally hooked. It was such a great story, so well done and well done it made me laugh. The ending was very good. I loved this movie!   I gave it four stars, but I would give it a five.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you are a fan of the genre, then I suggest you give this movie a chance.  You can get lost in the action and the story is just right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I watched this movie for the first time about ten years ago. The movie is a classic: It is not very long, but it does a great job of getting the audience up to speed on the basic concepts of the subject matter. There is a bit of the humor that has made the film so popular in America that it is easy to laugh at it.   The acting is excellent. The scenes are well done and the movie is good for a laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to watch this movie for a long time, and finally got the chance. This is a very interesting movie with a great story line, excellent cinematography and excellent acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen this movie before and I am glad I saw it. This movie is a great thriller about a serial killer who lives with his mother and two daughters. His family is nice, but they are not exactly the best parents. I don't remember exactly how the serial killer is killed, but he is put in a house and is tortured and killed. I have watched this movie many times and I still think it is the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am an old school American. I don't like any type of Western, but this is one of the best. I really like the western, but I like it even more in this version. I also really like a good man, John Wayne.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've never really been a big fan of the Star Wars universe until I was a little older, but now that I'm a little bit older I am a fan of all the Star wars movies.   It's hard to describe exactly what the movie was about, but I would like to say that I felt like the audience was in on the joke from the very beginning.  It starts off with a parody of Star Wars, in which Darth Vader's father explains that it's a simple matter of "doing what you've always done," as he walks by a statue of Chewbacca, and his nephew, Luke, says "You should be more like Chewie."   The rest of the movie is filled with these kinds of jokes, as if this whole thing is a joke to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've never been a huge fan of horror movies, but I really enjoyed this one. I'm not even sure how much I liked it! The movie is a simple story of two girls that decide to go to a haunted house. What begins as a simple "night at the haunted house" becomes a horror story about a girl that decides to take a bath with a guy. I didn't really like this one!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was going to give this a 1 star review, but I couldn't because this movie is so good it made me think that it was worth the price.   The movie starts out with a shot of the "Titanic" with the lights off and the sun coming out from behind a cloud.  And just like that, we are into the movie.  The story is about a group of friends who all think that they are going to get out of life with the help of a group on friends.  It doesn't matter that the "Friends" are all rich and have the same old stories that you've heard a thousand times.  They are all in it for themselves.  That is until they get into an accident in which the friends find out that they really are the Titanic's dead.  This is the "first" in the series.  For the next 4 episodes the movie follows the "friends" as they try to get back to the "ship" before the next great storm comes.  I think this movie does a great job of explaining the difference between the "good life" and the "great life".  It is just so much fun to watch and a lot of fun to think about.  If you like a good mystery movie, this is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - This movie is good, in a good way.   - This movie has a real emotional impact on me, and it's something I've not felt in a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a true story about a true life murder.   I am surprised how a good story is portrayed in a movie.  This movie has the best soundtrack ever.  I would recommend this movie to all.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have not been to a film theater in a long time. When I heard that there was a movie about an abandoned amusement park I was ready to go. The movie had some great actors in it and the set was great. It is not like your typical movie set. It looks like a real amusement park from the outside and when you enter it you feel like you are entering a real park. The first time I was there the only thing that bothered me was the food was terrible. I wish I could go back to that place and eat like a child.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I've seen the entire series in one sitting, and I'd have to say this is one of my favorite movies of all time.   It's got a great sense of humor, great characters, great acting, great set pieces, great music, and a really cool ending.  It makes me want to run outside and do all kinds of things.  The only thing that could have made it even better would have been a little more time in the "real world" between the end of "Romeo and Juliet" and the beginning of "Satisfaction". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have never seen a better movie about a better woman, and a better man.      A classic movie about two good people. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is one of the best examples of the "Mulholland Drive" formula. It's a good, fun, fun-filled movie about a girl with the best time of her life (well, for her) at a mulhollander's birthday party, and then the next morning she wakes up and it's like she's been hit by a truck.   A fun movie, and it has some really good jokes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an amazing movie and if you have a family member who is a bit scared by ghosts or spirits then this is the perfect movie to show them that not all ghosts are bad, they have a funny personality and they are so fun to watch.  It is very funny and there are plenty of laughs in this movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "It's the year of our Lord 1688 and the French are invading England. When the French attack the countryside we are thrown into chaos, all our soldiers are killed and the town is burned. It's time for the English to defend themselves. As a result of the French assault we must find the hidden King Richard. There are many strange characters in this film, such as the King Richard's two sons, the Duke of Orleans and the Duke's wife. They seem like good people, who are not interested in war, but they are trying to gain power, so they can use the King to their advantage."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie about the human race.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've been waiting for this movie since it was announced and I am happy to say that I'm really happy with it. It's a really good movie and has a really strong cast. I can't remember the last time I've seen a movie with a strong cast that is believable, has a lot of action and is a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My wife and I watched this movie a couple of weeks ago and it was very well done. I was surprised how much I liked this movie and I hope you like it too!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like The Big Lebowski then you will love this movie as well.    I don't know how else to describe this movie except to say that it's a good time.  A bunch of weirdos are in a bar with a bunch of different people.  This is where the movie gets its name.  The Dude is drinking a beer with the Dude's brother.  At some point the Dude realizes that the Dude doesn't have a drinking problem, and when he sees the Dude in his brother's bedroom the Dude is all like "What the fuck is that?"  It gets better.  When the Dude and his brother go to bed he is lying in bed with the floor to the right of him and the wall to the left.  It doesn't seem to matter to him because he's wearing a white shirt with a blue suit and blue shoes.  He's also wearing a red tie.  His pants are white with a big hole in the back pocket.  Now we are in the bedroom of the Dude.  "Oh shit, my dad's gonna kill me!"   There is a big wooden door and a large picture on the wall of a horse on a gallop.  On the left is a huge picture of a naked woman.  One of the characters says, "It's not that bad. It's just that I can't look at the horse anymore.  But the Dude isn't having it.  Then the Dude runs out of the room and calls for the Dude to come back in the room.  I love this scene.  And then the Dude walks back in and says "I'll explain everything in a second."   The first time you see the Dude running out of a room and saying, "I'm out of here," you might think it was a joke.  Maybe, but you get the feeling that the character was serious and that it was all a big misunderstanding.  There are a bunch more scenes like this.  Like the one where he runs into the house and sees the guy's mother there with a child.  In the middle of the night he runs out again and says, ""Oh shit!"  Then he runs back in again.  So many great scenes.  If you are a fan of The Big and the Bean, then you should watch this movie.  I have read the other reviews that have said the movie isn't very good.  Well,
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a classic movie. It was released in 1976, so it's pretty much a throwback to the old 70s and 80s. I like the old movie and I like that this is a very well done movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the most disturbing films I have seen in a long time.  You will be left with a very bad taste in your mouth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A movie that will always be a classic. It is not a very well written movie. The characters are all the same except for the girl who has an unusual personality. But the movie does have a lot of humour.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, I had not seen a bad one yet.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good story that has a lot of good acting. It has a great twist and it is a pretty good movie. It will make you smile and laugh and that is a great feeling.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie, despite its flaws, is a very fun watch. The movie has an incredibly fun soundtrack and a very energetic plot. This is not a film that is just there to make a point. It has the potential to become a classic, but for now, it will have to settle for just being a fun and energetic movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a very interesting and original story. The story is a retelling of a myth about an Egyptian Pharaoh who became a king, and the myth is that he had an incestuous relationship with his daughter.  He had many children with other women (which is the point of the story).  The movie starts out with an Egyptian woman who is having an affair with her husband's brother (the guy she was cheating on her with before her father died).    The movie then follows the life of the brother after his death and then the movie shows the brother's story in the tomb (which has been discovered in the last century). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I'm so scared that I can't do it!"
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The only good thing about this movie is that it is not a bad movie, but it is a good one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was an entertaining film. I think the movie was well made and it had a good story.   The movie is not that great in the beginning and it starts out to be boring.  But it gets better as the movie progresses.  The acting was good and I enjoyed the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The good:    I'm not sure if the good of this movie is the actors (or their acting) or the good writing. I think it's both, because the writing is really good. It's written with the same style that makes films like "The Godfather" and "Raging Bull" so great.   "The Good:      This is a really, really good movie, one that is not for the faint of heart. It has a bit of everything: action, mystery, suspense, romance, comedy and more comedy. It was great fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this film funny, with some real character development and some great music. It does have a couple of slow parts, but I really liked that they slowed down to a crawl to give us more of the film. The ending was also a nice little surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is very simple, there are some things in it which are kind of funny, like the fact that the little girl is wearing a wig.   A good movie for a nice day out,  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, in that it does a good job of capturing the essence of the old-school "slasher" genre. It's also a decent movie.  There are some really good performances, as well as a few good gags.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is the sequel to the cult classic    The Last Boy Scout, starring Bruce Willis and the late, great Robert De Niro.   There is a lot of violence in this movie, which is probably not a good idea for the younger generation of movie goers.  But, what is more disturbing is that this movie is an obvious parody of itself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie with some interesting and well done sequences, a bit long for my taste, but worth the effort, even though it can be a bit boring at times, and at some points very slow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is really awesome and fun. The actors are great and the movie is very well made.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good "comedy" and a nice little film, with lots of nice acting. I don't know if the "fear" is all in the minds of the characters (in the movie), or if they actually are afraid, and if it really happens.        It's a pretty good movie about a bad situation, and how you can either react to it, or not react. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good movie, a good performance by a good actor. This is an important movie. The film is about a young man who has to decide between two men who have become very rich and famous. The men are both rich and very powerful, they can do whatever they want to with the young man. He's only 21, he has a pretty girl (who is also pretty), a girlfriend and a wife. He has to choose between the two men. This movie is a story of love, love, and love. I am not a big fan of romance movies, but I enjoyed this one a lot. I loved it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie.  This was my first experience with the M-G-M format.   The first hour or so is spent setting up the premise, which is that a group of people are going to a party in the mountains.  It seems that a man has been killed and his body is being guarded by a group, which consists of a few women and one man.  The man in the group is a rather eccentric man who is the head of the group, and is rather a bit of a character himself.  He is in love with the one woman in the entire group.  However, when he is taken to a hotel in the middle of nowhere, he finds that his group has a very different group of guests.  They are an all male group.     It's a simple enough premise, but it works pretty well.  In addition, there are a lot of great little touches throughout the film, which make it a little more enjoyable than I initially thought.  As I said, the premise is very simple, but I like the way the film makes you feel like you're actually there, and not in some strange movie.   In addition to that, there's a really interesting relationship between the man and the woman.  I've always thought that there were two sides to every coin.  Some people are nice to each other.  Others don't like each other at all.  And then there's this one person who loves the two of them together.  For me, that's what makes this movie so great.  When you are in a situation like that, it's easy to get carried away, but this film gives you something to think about.  At the same time, it gives you a nice sense of reality, which helps the film a lot.  A couple of really great touches, which I haven't seen on the big screen in a long time.  Grade: A
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie about a man who tries to get revenge on his former friend who betrayed him and has killed all his family.  This is a good flick with a decent story and some good fight scenes.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really like this movie. It is a very realistic movie that shows how a small village in Russia has changed for the better in the last 20 years. It has not lost its charm. The actors are very good and the script is very clever and fun to read. I think this is a movie worth watching. It really made me think about the history of this area. It shows that the changes in a place can happen quite quickly. I would recommend this to anyone who likes history.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and entertaining movie that has been out of print for some time, so this is a very good chance to see it in its entirety again. I thought the actors were fine, but I do have a problem with the way the story is told. I feel that the film was written by someone who doesn't know what they are doing, or why they are trying to make a story, which is a problem in any story, no matter how good it is. There is no reason why there is any of this happening, and then a bunch of "magic" happens. That's all there is to it. The ending is a little bit odd, and it seems like the movie was made to be shown to the "fans" of the show. There's a lot of them. I'm sure if I were to sit down and watch this movie for about an hour or two I would find it to be pretty good, but this is not something I recommend, not at all. It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's certainly not one I'd recommend.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first movie I've seen this year was The Imitation Game. And this movie is amazing. I have a difficult time picking a favorite of this year. I love a good spy movie, and this one is a winner. The best thing about this movie was how different the movie was from the movie in The Imitator. The Imitating Game was more of a spy movie. This was a science fiction movie, but it wasn't one-dimensional. This movie was more like a drama, but that didn't mean it was not interesting.   If you're a fan of espionage, then this is a movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The good:  This is an excellent movie. It's not quite an action film, but it's a very good one, and one that's not likely to be forgotten.   It's a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is not for everybody.  I'm not sure why this movie is so popular.  It is pretty cheesy, and I would never recommend this movie to anybody.  The characters are not very good, and they are all over the place.  Some of the characters are also a little ridiculous.  My favorite character is the little kid.  There are some great close-ups in this movie, and it is really cute.  This is a fun movie to watch, and not for the faint of heart.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is nothing else I can say about this movie that hasn't already been said, so I won't say anything more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I enjoyed this movie quite a bit. It was a fun time, but the ending was a bit confusing.   Overall a good story and an enjoyable movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I like the old school way: The actors are not just pretty faces, but they are also intelligent, sensitive, funny, and talented." "One thing I want to emphasize is the fact that the actors are all beautiful and beautiful women, who do not let themselves be caught up in the ridiculous clothes and make-up." The movie is a bit of a mess.  The actors have to try to get into the minds of the kids to convince them that this is really a nice movie, not some sort of cheap entertainment.  I found this movie to be a little too confusing, as the actors tried to do too much.   The script was not the greatest, and it felt like the director was trying too hard.  But there are still some funny moments. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a classic: the first of a three-part series about the legendary and infamous Billy the Kid.  It is a movie about an extremely gifted and dangerous individual, who lived a very short life and is now remembered only by a few.  He was one of the most dangerous criminals in history.   The movie tells the story of the life and the deeds of Billy theKid.  Billy's life is an interesting one: he was born into a poor family, he lived a good part of his life in prison, and he became an outlaw.  The film ends on a high note: the great Billy theKidd was killed in an ambush by a posse of outlaws.  A well-made film with interesting characters and an entertaining story.  This is an excellent movie that has many things to recommend it:  It has good action sequences, it has interesting characters, it is a good story and it is entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - March 22, 2008An amazing movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't see the movie, I saw the trailers and then decided I had to see it.   The movie looks beautiful, I think I would've liked it more if it didn't have so many actors I'd seen before.  The acting in this movie is also excellent, so good that I don't know what to say about it. I'm sure there's a lot of people out there who are also looking forward to it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am sure this will be a hit with many fans of the great Sergio Leone.   It is a very well made movie.  In this story, we meet the beautiful and charming Maria De Los Angeles, who comes to the small town of Nuevo León to live with her aunt and uncle.  Her life is full of love, adventure and suffering.  The movie begins with the beautiful Maria in the company of a man named Hector Cruz who is looking for work. Maria wants to work in a sugar mill, but Hector tells her that the mill is run by the Mafia. Maria is not so easily dissuaded, however, and she finds work in the mill.  There, she falls in love with a sugar plantation owner, Roberto, who gives her a job.  Maria's life is a series of tragedies, as she is caught up in various schemes of the Mafia, the police, and even the man who loves her.  It was a very enjoyable movie to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I watched this movie I was struck by the wonderful and subtle way it managed to convey the message of a man's faith.   This is not an attempt to be a preacher but a very personal and intimate film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pretty decent movie and a great time is had by all.  The cast was great and the director has a lot of talent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I loved this movie, it had me crying on the first and third times I watched it, but I have to say the third time I watched this movie I had to stop because I felt so sorry for the kids and the adults involved. I also liked the fact that the kids were acting like children but they were not.    This is the perfect little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "Big Bad Wolf" in "The Big Bad Wolf's" lair, which we have seen in all three of these movies, is a wolf. I'm going to let that sink in for a second, so we can all get our heads out of our asses: Wolf! Wolf! "The Big, Bad Wolf is a beast! A beast! I say to you now, 'This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life! The biggest, baddest, most violent, most pointless, and most pointless film I've seen in years!'  How can a movie so stupid and awful be so much fun?  I mean, the Wolf does it again!  He does it for the third time!    The Wolf, the King, the Queen, and the Princess!  I mean, that's how it ends.   This movie is stupid as all hell.  It's really that bad!  The movie was rated PG-13.  The story follows the "Big, Bad" Wolf as he seeks vengeance for the death of his sister, which he blames on the bad guys (who, to be fair, don't do much other than shoot at him).   One of the baddies, a big scary-looking monster, tries to kill the Wolf and his buddies, but the Wolf, with the help of a couple of other "good guys" (the Wolf and a little guy named the Wolf-Girl), is able to knock the monster out with a rock.  This movie was written and directed by  Michael J. Epstein.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this movie a couple of weeks ago, and I really enjoyed it.   It's a well-written story about a little girl who doesn't know how to read, but is taught by her mother to do so by her grandfather.  As a child she goes to a small town, where there is a museum dedicated to a man named Pecora.  Pecorra has no interest in children and only shows affection towards one little girl.  It appears that his daughter has a great deal of knowledge about Pecoreas.  I don't know what the film was about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a very good one, I love it.     This movie is just great!   It's really cool!   A good watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie to be a fan of!   The movie starts out with a man on a train (that looks like it is about to crash, because the conductor's arms are tied to the rails and the train is going at an extremely high speed). It's a hot summer night, and a man is sitting next to a woman. This woman is looking very uncomfortable, like she has no desire to have anything to do with the man, who looks like a creep. The man looks at the woman, who is standing in the middle of the train, like nothing is going to happen, and says something like "Why do you sit there? It's like a ghost town out there!  As we see this, the man (Robert DeNiro) takes a piece of chalk, and he writes the number "4" in the air next to the woman. The woman looks over at the chalk, smiles, and turns to walk away, like this is the only thing in the world she wants.    The man starts walking faster and faster, and the woman is trying to follow him, like he's going to hurt her. This continues until the train crashes into a house and the man escapes from the train (with his arm tied to it), and goes to get a car, which he can drive himself.  The car, of course, is a Rolls Royce, which we see here.  This movie has some good acting in it. Robert DeNino and John Cazale are great as the man and the lady, respectively.  It is a nice story, but it really doesn't go much further than that, but the acting really is good, and it's worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really hard to find a good action movie.  This is definitely a good one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   . . .. . This movie is not great, but not terrible either. It is certainly not one of the greatest movies ever made, but it is not bad either. The story is interesting and the actors all do a fine job.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In my opinion, this movie is the most accurate portrayal of what life in the USSR is really like, it's an important part of the history of the Soviet Union and it's one of the very few movies about the communist system that are not filled with propaganda.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... . I love these movies so much!   I have watched them more times than I can count.   The cast is excellent!  This is the story of an older man who is trying to live up to his promise of a grand celebration.  He doesn't live up.  As he puts it:  "A Christmas Carol is a story about a family who don't have much to be thankful for.  This time around, however, they don't get what they need."   So he tells them a story, and they get it, but he doesn't know it.  The whole movie is a perfect mix of comedy, tragedy, and tragedy.  A lot of laughs, a lot of tears, and some very nice music to go along with it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There is a lot of good to say about this movie.  The story is very simple, but it is a good story and it has good actors in it.    The action is very good as well, I liked the way the action scenes are done in this movie, they are fast and they do not take long. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I liked it! " -  Dylan O'Brien, The Big Sick
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you haven't seen this yet, go see it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is the first time that I watched the movie 'Nam-Dum-Khalsa' that was made by Prakash Raj (1975). This is an interesting movie which shows how a few Sikh brothers (Mukesh, Prakasha, Pratap and Raju) were involved in the activities of Sikh militancy during the British era. The movie was made in the 1970s and the actors are all good. The scene of the movie is about how Mukesh and Prakush go to Delhi and meet their friends. The first time they meet the friends are in the Punjab where the brothers get into a fight with their friends because of a girl. The fight is stopped because the boys are arrested. The boys then go to New York where they get into an argument with their friend who is a journalist and they both start to fight each other. This fight is very entertaining and very humorous and also the dialogue is very good. I think this movie is worth watching and if you are a Sikh movie fan then you will surely enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The first half of the movie is a very good example of what made the original great: an incredible amount of heart and action packed moments, a great cast, an even better ending, a good story and a great finale.   It's really hard to pick a bad part in the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie so much I watched it a second time last night and I don't even know where to start.   This is one of those rare horror movies that can go really dark without becoming too scary.  If you like a good twist on a classic story this is one you will want to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "I didn't think I could be moved by a movie again, but this one did." --Miles Davis, "The Best Movie I've Ever Seen" "It's the greatest movie ever made." --John Wayne, "American Maverick" "This is a great movie. I have never seen anything like it." --Gandhi, "A Prayer for the Dying"
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw it, I was quite pleased, but by the time I watched it again, I thought it was just okay, with a few good moments and some interesting set pieces, but the rest of it is pretty much the same, as it's always been.  It's a bit more funny than I remember, but I don't think that's a bad thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you're a fan of the movie   and have watched all the other ones and have a good sense of humor,   this is a great movie.   I thought the movie had a nice little ending and even though there's nothing special, it's not bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't see this film at the cinema until a few weeks ago. I was pretty much expecting it to be a pretty dull film about an office worker who can see ghosts. However, I found it a very interesting film with lots of interesting and entertaining scenes. I'm going to rate this one an eight out of ten because it's so enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is the most original film I have ever seen! I have never seen anything like this before. It is a great little film that will give you lots of laughs and a good time. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. I think it would be a great idea to make a film about this little man.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This was the third movie in a series of three.   The first two movies were okay, but they were not really worth watching.  This movie was fun, it was like a cross between The Wizard of Oz and a bad movie.  I enjoyed it, but I would probably not watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I am a huge fan of both Batman and Superman, and have seen most of their movies.    In this movie, there is a scene where Batman is trying to catch a crook who is wearing a Superman costume.  He tells him that if he had a costume like Superman's he wouldn't need a cape to protect himself, but he then takes off his cape, and it breaks right in two.  I found it interesting that they showed Batman breaking the cape in such a way.  Superman's cape can't be broken, so it would seem that Batman is a bit too strong.  It is also interesting to note that when Batman catches the crook in the end, he is not wearing the cape that he broke in the beginning.  If you have ever seen Superman's suit, it is very similar.  For a kid, the Batman movies were great and this is no exception. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I had heard that this was a sequel to "The Great Train Robbery" and that it was the greatest train robbery in the history of the United States, but I had no idea that the original had been turned into a movie.  This is a very interesting movie and one that I had never seen before.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great film about a boy with an electric razor who tries to make a living as a circus performer.   There is a great scene where a circus magician puts the boy up against the ropes and cuts off his hair.  The scene is so good that I have to recommend this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not really sure what to say about this movie.   It's a short, silly, funny, but short movie. It's funny and it's short.  It has a strong cast and a strong plot.  The animation and the special effects are good.  This is a very good movie, but it's not my favorite by a long shot.  I don't really think there is a reason for the plot to be so short, it's just a short story with a pretty good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am a huge fan of the original The Big Lebowski, and I've never seen anything like this.  The movie is fantastic, and I'm not sure I've ever seen anything quite like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie. It has a very unique atmosphere, and I like the music as well.  The movie has a good pace, and the story is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I found this movie very entertaining. I enjoyed the humor in the movie. The movie had an awesome soundtrack. I'm going to check out the film again when I have a little more time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good little action movie that does a nice job of getting the audience involved and wanting more. It's fast paced and it's filled with lots of action and action sequences that don't leave you with a sore throat.   I like this one!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   This is a film that is so very good. The plot is the typical "mystery" film: a woman, whose husband is a serial killer, leaves him. A few days later she returns home and finds her husband in bed with a man who she thinks is a policeman. The detective tells her that the man was in the police station that night and was arrested for killing a cop and was released. It all ends with a wonderful ending, when the policeman gives the wife her car, saying "we are not leaving without you" and the woman turns to the man and says: "I want to keep the car." I found myself smiling, and even laughing at this film. The director, Peter Weir, was an artist, and he did a good job of making me smile as I watched this film on the screen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a nice story, with lots of laughs, some pretty interesting action sequences, and a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, a lot of fun, and not a bit of violence.  The action is good and the dialogue is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have been wanting to see this movie for a long time now. The original is awesome and you can't go wrong with this remake. I love the movie and the characters are all great and very likable. I like the way the movie is edited. The story is told in a very clever way and it's very entertaining. The movie has a great ending that you really should see. I will be watching the movie again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this when I was a kid in the early 70's. This is one of the most important films in the history of cinema. I love the fact that it is not a conventional movie. It is not what you would expect from a Hollywood movie. The director uses a very simple, and simple yet very effective way to express the story. It's simple, yet it works. I think that this is the best film of the year so far, even though I love The Great Escape, and I think it is one great movie in general. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great, funny, sad movie.   It was good to see a good, funny movie like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I am a bit surprised by this movie, but it is definitely one of the better ones I have seen in the past few years.  The movie itself is good, but the ending left me disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    -   This movie is not as good as I expected. The ending is not what I expected either. However, I will give it credit: it is a good story about a great scientist who had to hide a secret from the world. It is a movie that has a great sense of style and good acting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the movie "Hook"  and "The Grudge", you will like this movie. The story is very old, but it is still a good story.  You have to see it at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only reason I didn't give this movie five stars is that the acting was a little rough around the edges. It had a few rough edges. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie! It is very funny and has great action scenes.   - November 3, 2012Great movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you've never seen a movie like this one before, you're in for a real treat.   It's not a very good movie, but it is a damn funny one.  It might not be as strong as some of the other things I've seen, but there's a lot of good material in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is so interesting. It's not that the characters are so different, they are just different. But the acting is great.   It has all the elements: the science, the mystery, the humor.  This movie is great!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last 20 minutes of this film are great.  I don't think I'll ever get tired of watching the guys go out and play.  If you are looking for a film to watch with your kids, then this movie is a good choice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    - April 17, 2011I loved this movie!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I said in the first paragraph, the plot is pretty basic.   In this movie, a couple of days before the wedding of a new couple, the bride-to-be meets a handsome young man who's also a priest.  In their first date, the two share an interesting conversation about love, the world, and God.  They have many more talks about God, the cosmos, and life.  The movie has a lot of good moments, such as the priest asking the bride about her favorite movie (she loves all of them), and the priest's reaction to the bride's mother's response to her husband: "My daughter is not only a fine woman, but a fine girl."   I really liked this movie.  I didn't feel it was trying to be something special, and that's not a bad thing.  A great movie with a good story, great acting, and good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm very pleased to see a movie about a man whose family is destroyed by a tornado and then a man who is an orphan who gets saved by the girl from the tornado and who then goes on to become a great writer, a great poet, a man of great ideas and a man to whom life itself is an adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The movie is based on the book "The Devil's Candy" by H.P. Lovecraft and was originally titled "The Thing That Went Away". It is a little bit different from the classic horror movie of the 70's like "Nightmare" and "Halloween", this movie is more horror-comedy. This movie is about a family who are getting ready for the annual Halloween party. But the preparations are not going according to plan and things don't look very good. They find out that the family's Halloween costume is a hoax and the children are not even the real kids. This Halloween party ends in disaster when the kids find out the truth and are trapped in a haunted house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is very good and has an interesting story line. It's not a "hero's journey" as many films of this type are. It has a strong ending and a great ending. The acting is great and the story is good. It was worth the watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My second film of this series. I liked the first one. The characters were interesting. There was a lot of action and I was very happy to see the action. This film was good as well. The story was interesting and the ending was perfect. I would like to see this film in 3D.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is about a man who has a friend who is addicted to gambling. He is very violent, he is a bad guy and you hate him. This man is not a good guy but is the only one who can help his friend. He needs a friend and this man can help him. But this man is a very dangerous man. He gets angry very easily. I have watched a lot of bad movies and this one is a good one. I would like to recommend this movie to all the people who have a bad taste in movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I liked this movie. It was good. It made me laugh, I liked the characters, it was a fun movie, the music was pretty good. I'm sure I'll watch it again. I hope to see the movie in a theater in the future.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is so good that I wanted to cry every single time I watched it.   The only bad thing about this movie is the music, because the only thing more annoying than the songs is the song playing over the opening credits (which are amazing).   It's about a man who lost his wife and children in a plane crash, and now, he must live with his two young children, his wife's mother, and his best friend.      What's really great about this story is that it's about the human experience, and what it means to be a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies that I've seen in a long time. It was very entertaining, very funny, and very realistic. It's not something that you will watch every day, but when you do, you will get a good laugh out of it. And it's always good to see a good story being told in a good way.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great movie and it's very funny.  A great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I like the way this movie plays out.   It does a good job at depicting the way the world is, but at the same time, it does a great job at portraying the nature of people.  There are many people out there that want to live in a world where everyone is a winner, and where everyone does their best.  What they don't realize is that if they win, it's only for a while.  They end up losing and becoming the people they hated to begin with.  If there is a lesson to be learned here, it is that no matter how much you try, you can never change the people that you've chosen to be with.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like this movie. I've heard about it from people in the past, and have seen the trailer, but I was a little disappointed with it, mostly because the film doesn't do a good job of explaining what the movie is about. The only explanation I can think of is that it's a story about a group of guys who are at a camp that was built in a quarry. The quarry was an ancient temple that had been in use for centuries, and had fallen into disrepair, but a group (or cult) of people who worshiped it decided to start over and make it look like a place of beauty, with a fountain, a dance floor, a lake and other stuff. It's a pretty weird movie. The guys in it don't look like any real "Bachelor" movies, but more like a bunch of guys in an "Bachelorette" movie. There are a couple of "love triangles" that end in tragic ways. The movie is short (only about an hour and 20 minutes), but it is worth seeing, even though I don't see the appeal.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the more underrated comedies of the late 70's.  The script is hilarious and the story is light-hearted and funny.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a great movie, with a lot of energy and a nice story. There's a lot to love in this film and it's well worth a watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The only reason I didn't give this movie 5 stars is because I was not a big fan of the "Ralphie May" movies. I was hoping this would be better.   I have seen the movie a few times and it is always good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story starts off with an "introductory" scene. As a story about a woman who wants to be an actress, I thought the movie could use a little more "introduction" to the characters. I'm not going to say the movie starts off strong or "good," but it does have a lot of character development. The story, while not the most original or exciting, does have its moments.   As a movie, I felt it was lacking in "spice." As a romantic comedy, the film is all about the characters and their problems. There is a good deal of "let's get in and have a good time" moments. But, there are a lot more "let us get out of here" moments than "let me get in a good place" moments, which is to say, there isn't a lot going on. It was a lot like a couple going out on a "first date." I wasn't even watching the movie to get a good laugh out of it. I was just there for the character development and the characters themselves.   a bit of a disappointment to me:   I really wanted to like this movie. It has a good cast and it has the potential to be something special. I am not a big fan of romance comedies, but this is a very well done one. I think it has a chance to be "cult" film. It could be. But that's only if you get past the fact that the movie is a comedy. I don't think it's the worst comedy I have ever seen. But it wasn't the best comedy either. The characters are good and have their moments, but the movie lacks "spicing."  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie I can easily recommend.  The story was well-crafted and the acting was great.   I have to admit I was a little disappointed in the ending of the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is told from the point of view of a man who has lost his daughter in a tragic accident and is left to care for his wife and young son in a new country where they don't speak the same language. The film is also a bit slow, but that's not a bad thing as there are some lovely moments. The music is excellent, especially the beautiful ending that is worth the price of admission alone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can say that this is a great movie. I don't understand why the producers didn't hire a real movie director for this movie. The editing was bad. The movie just seemed like the writers were trying to fit as many characters as possible into the story. I think they didn't have much of a plot and it's really hard to follow. But this is really a good horror movie and I really enjoyed it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is an awesome movie, the action scenes are great, the story is well done, the characters are all different, the ending is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The title says it all. I was never a fan of the films that have been released so far in this trilogy. I never expected a good story from this movie. But it was all I could ask for. I guess it is good to be back in the universe where we are all aliens in space, because this was one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I saw this film when it first came out, as a little boy I was obsessed with it. I still am. This movie is one of the best, one of my favorite movies. I think it has to be one of those movies you either love or hate. It's definitely a favorite of mine. It will be on my DVD shelf for a long time to come. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves movies and horror.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything: a story, action, great cast, a great script. The best of the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie, with a good cast, good acting, great direction and good sound effects. The story is a bit thin. I can only watch it once, and then I'll have to wait for a repeat.  This is a good film, but not a great one. It has a good story, and a good director, but the acting is not good. The acting is very good in other films, but this is not one of those. - August 6, 2004A decent movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The last thing we hear before we are sucked into the void of space is the familiar voice of our hero, the ship's captain: "I love this ship! It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen." And so we are dragged into the story of a ship on a mission to find a new home in the stars. A journey that has no purpose, no destination, but it is filled with beautiful images and a beautiful story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original screenplay for this film came from a film called  "Lola & Mandy", and it has been well-received by many reviewers.  This film is much more entertaining than that one.    This is a very good film, and it is an excellent way to spend a few hours. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie has a lot of action but this time it is directed by a veteran and he uses this as the opportunity to show his skills. The movie is not so much a thriller as it is a crime story but a very good one.   It's very interesting how the cops are also involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  We are going to have a hard time finding a good romantic comedy in the 90s.  This is a fun, silly and well acted movie with a good cast, but it is not one of the best romantic comedies.  There are some good scenes, especially with the guys and the women, but the film is a bit long.  The story is interesting and the actors did a great job, but I am not sure that this is the best movie of the 90's.  It is not a bad movie, but a little bit too long and a bit too silly.  That being said, I like it, and the people in it are very funny.  I would recommend this for people who enjoy a good silly movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The final fight between the titular characters, a man and a woman, has a bit of everything: a dash of humor, a dash a action, a little romance, a big finale and lots of gore. The movie is a bit old, but still entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think the movie has a good pace. The ending is nice too.       I have to give this movie 4 stars.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film is set in a rural town, near a lake, and the townspeople are mostly old and the film is mainly set in the homes of elderly folks.     This film is very much like the town from which it takes its name.    The townspeers, and some of the older folks, are very much in the vein of their former neighbors.  They live in the old house with the big red door and the long red shutters that were on the old porch and the one at the end of the long row of houses.  They have a porch swing and a rocking chair that looks like a swing from a tree.  This is the kind of place I wish I lived in!         The main character of this film is the old man with the yellow hat, who is called to the scene of a car accident in which his wife has been killed.  He rushes into the house and meets a little boy who is dead on the ground.  The little boy is the boy that the little girl was supposed to marry.  We learn from the little boy that there was a little accident and that his father is in the hospital.  As he tells the story, the little man takes a look at the car and sees that it is a new one.  There are a lot of old people in this film.  A lot of them look like they've been living there for a very long time.  It is a town of old folks, and I hope I will see them again someday.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm a little late to the party, but this movie is actually pretty good. It's actually a pretty good, funny movie. The story is quite interesting, the humor is quite good, and the action sequences are well done. I don't think the movie could have been better. The ending is a bit contrived, but it's not too bad. The movie is quite funny, and I'm glad that there are still a lot of movies out there that are good.   Next week I'm going to see the second installment in the Alien series, and there's a new director in town.  ,
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm still a big fan of The Rocky Horror Picture Show and The Rocky Theme Song and I'm so glad to see this restored. The cast are terrific, and the musical numbers are just fabulous. The musical numbers at the beginning of the film are wonderful. This is the one I've seen more than the others, and I'd love to see it again.  Was this helpful?  Why you might not be a fan:  This movie is not a Rocky Horror film. It's an adaptation of a short story by Edgar Allan Poe called The Cask of Amontillado. This story centers on a man who can see the future and who uses his powers to convince the man who is destined to marry a rich widow to marry him instead. So, in this case, The Casket of Amourado is an adaptation. The story is not very original. In the original story, there is a man with a casket. And in this movie, there are three caskets.  a) The one that does not belong to the Bride is an elaborate trap set up to catch the Bride and the Doctor. (There are only two Bride's in this version.) b) The other casket is the actual bride. c) This casket can see people's pasts and futures and uses that knowledge to make people believe that they will marry the Bride. So the Bride does not marry the Doctor in this adaptation. This has nothing to do with the story. It was not originally intended as a Rocky movie. This version was just a way to extend the original stories by adding more jokes and references. It has nothing else to do other than to look like a Rocky Movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that you watch when you want a little adventure.  It's an adventure that will make you happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like this kind of movie, I highly recommend that you buy the movie from Amazon, since it's quite cheap.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film begins with a shot of a young boy walking home from school.   His mother, Mary (Margot Kidder), is seen talking to him.  Mary is very proud of her son.  She says that he is a very handsome boy.  Her husband, Peter (Robert Preston), is also proud.  But he is also a man of many secrets.  He is the most evil man in all of England.  Peter's father (Michael Caine) is a rich merchant who does business with the evil King James.  In the film, Peter is a prisoner in a castle with the King James himself.  When Peter is in prison, he has a dream.  His dream is of a beautiful woman, Mary.  The dream ends when Peter is brought back to England. He is welcomed at Mary's house.  This scene was filmed at the end of a day for Peter to spend in the cottage.  Caine was not in costume, but in a blue blazer and a long white shirt.  These clothes were a bit long, and were meant to show off the actor's legs.  I wonder if Peter is able to go out with Mary and his friends and not be watched.  It is a nice scene.  I also like the fact that it is Peter who gets the girl.  And it is her who gives Peter the big surprise.  We also get a glimpse of the evil Peter, who is in love with Mary.   Peter does not realize that the King is watching him, and that his daughter has been taken by him.    Mary and Peter in a scene from the film  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was disappointed to find that the original director, Robert Altman, never got the chance to follow up the Oscar winning "Taxi Driver" with another feature length picture. So I was glad to hear that he had made a movie with the same title but this time he had done it with a bunch of guys from his old film "The Long Goodbye."   What I really liked about this movie was the way it kept the humor of the first movie and made it much more contemporary.   Altman also took a little bit of time to work out some of the kinks in his acting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have never seen this movie, but I read a review about it and I was really looking forward to seeing it.   It is about a couple of friends who decide to start a family.  I love how the kids are portrayed as having a good time in the woods.  It's a funny movie and it has some really great jokes.  Posted by The Happy Wife at 6:12 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie, and the writing is fantastic.  The characters are interesting and well-drawn, the dialogue is easy to follow and the story is compelling.  If you are a fan of the classic John Carpenter movies, you will definitely enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't know what to expect when I saw the trailer for this movie. I thought it was going to be like "The Big Lebowski", a movie about a guy who gets lost in the desert and ends up in a small town. What I got was more like a "Clueless Bob", a guy that is completely clueless about the world and who spends his life complaining about the weather, his mother, and the stupid townspeople.   "I hate to do this to you but there's nothing wrong with a bad cold. You're just a little tired and that's what the cold does to you."   After seeing this movie, I'm glad that I got to see it. I'm not sure what else I can say about this movie besides that I had a good time.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the best movies I have seen in a while. It is a great film, and an excellent one.   I have a little bit of an aversion to horror films in general, but this movie really does it for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was my first time seeing a movie on the big screen. My friend and I were talking about how it was a really good movie. I said to him, "Yeah, I think it is great. The story is great, the acting is great." I could have gone on and on. It was a great movie.  Rated: PG-13 (for some nudity and strong violence)
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the perfect movie about a man who has to deal with his own problems.  He is a widower who is trying to find a cure for his wife's cancer.    He meets his former wife's new boyfriend who claims he is a doctor.  He tries to find the real doctor and finds him, but his son thinks that is a sham and they begin fighting.  It is the story of a man trying to live life in the moment.  A good story, great acting, a well acted movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A lot of great, and very original, characters in this movie. This film is more of a romantic comedy than a thriller, but the action is excellent. It is not for the faint of heart, but there is enough here for all ages.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   ... A very fun and enjoyable film.   The characters are all very funny and the plot keeps going.      Overall, a very enjoyable and entertaining movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  So, I've been a bit of a Star Wars fan for years now.  When I was a kid, I got a cheap action figure and the box said "This is the last film in the Star Wars series,"  which at the time I thought, "That's great."  I was disappointed when it turned out that I'd have to wait until the prequels to see the end of this trilogy.  Well, this is the end,  and for all the years I've waited for this, I'm glad it's here.   Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a movie I loved.  There is something about it that is so different from everything else out there.  It is fun, it is emotional, it's dark, it deals with the subject of love, family, and the Force,  but it's not a Star Trek movie, it has a different tone.  I loved the character development of Daisy Ridley's Rey, who I felt was the only person in this movie who I could identify with, and John Boyega as Finn, who is the kind of hero who will be remembered and loved for a long time.  If you've seen the trailers, you might not have seen them all, but they all show that the story has a huge cast of characters and a story that is bigger than any one of them.  The movie does have some problems,  some of them are with the special effects.  But I have to say, I really liked the movie, and I am looking forward to seeing the rest of the films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie a lot.  The story of this movie is interesting and has a very good pace.    This movie is a good example of how you should always have a good look at a good film before watching it.  The movie does a great job of telling the story from the perspective of two different characters.  It does a nice job of portraying the world we live in and the conflicts we face.  A lot of thought has been put into this movie, and it's a lot of fun to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen all the films by this director and I really like him.   He has a very unique style of filmmaking.  The best thing about his films is that they are really funny.  I especially like his "Bartender" who gets to do a lot of funny things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie was at a summer camp. I have since grown up and I have never seen a more accurate portrayal of the American youth than this movie.  It was a fun film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I've seen a lot of bad movies but I never thought I'd see a bad movie so bad that it was good."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I didn't think that the movie was really very good, but I like it a lot, especially the ending. It is also interesting to hear that the original story is based on the life of the author's father. I didn`t see the movie but the trailer made me believe that it will be worth watching. The movie is not very good but it is interesting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In a way, the only thing that could make a bad movie good is bad acting, and if that is the case, then this is a bad acting movie.  The cast is awful.    All the characters are annoying, and the bad guy is really annoying.  It doesn't help that he looks like the kind of person who likes to do a lot of drugs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm sure everyone will be asking me to review the sequel.  This is the first of what I think will be a series of Star Wars movies in the style of the original trilogy.    The special effects are excellent, and the acting is superb. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is about a young woman who has been raped and murdered by her father. She is buried at a place called "Tunnel of Death" because her killer was caught in the tunnel. There she meets a couple of people who are searching for her, but they are unsuccessful.   They also have a daughter who is found wandering in the woods. The father, who has taken a fancy to her, gets his revenge by having her burned alive.  : A young woman has been murdered in the town of Tunnels of Death. She was found lying in the grass near the town well. There was a rope around her neck and there were marks on her body. It appeared as though someone had dragged her out of the well and tied her up, but she didn't die quickly.  , The story was good. I was surprised to see a movie like this. I think it is really worth a look. It has a good mystery to it, as well as a great plot. I would recommend this to anyone.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie, not for the faint hearted. I love that they went to South Africa and did it right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The best of the bad"  -  Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, the best album ever, but a bad movie, at least that's what I'd say about it.  I've never seen a movie quite like it. This is not a good film at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie, but I can't say I found much to like about it.  The story is pretty much a rehash of the first movie (and the second, I think), but I didn't find the new character very engaging.  I think the main problem is that this movie is all about the villains and their evil plan, which is a very tired plot device.    If the villain doesn't die, the story will continue in a very repetitive fashion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I think I will watch this movie at least 3 more times, just because the story and the performances are so good.    - April 17, 2014Good movie  Reviewer: peter_p_l - favorite favorite favorite - March 26, 2013  Subject: My favourite movie! This is the best of the 'Star Wars' movies. The script is funny, the acting is good, the special effects are great. The score is amazing. This is a must see. - March 25, 2013My favourite movie
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to give this movie a good review. The story was very interesting and made me think about the war.   The movie is well done and is worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am not a big fan of horror movies but this movie was pretty good, I did enjoy it though.  This is a good film about a girl who gets caught in a room with a man who has the body of a man and the mind of a woman.  I also liked the ending, it's a bit strange. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I didn't have much faith in The Last Jedi but I was pleasantly surprised. The Last Luke isn't quite as great as the original but it is still very entertaining and funny. Luke Skywalker and Rey are back, and the Last Jedi doesn't disappoint. I look forward to watching this movie again and again. I don't think I'll ever be able to say that a Star Wars movie is bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "I didn't like this movie.  I have been looking forward to this movie for months now.  The movie is just about a boy named Joe and his dog Tod.  Joe has been missing for some time now.   He was last seen at the bar in the woods.   A local man named Bobbie finds Joe's body in the forest.  He is found covered in dirt and a trail is made out of his clothing and the wood.  When he is found he is still wearing his wedding ring.    When the coroner is called to the scene a mysterious man in a suit appears and tells them to take the body to the hospital.  Then it turns out that the corpse is not Joe, but a very dead man.  Bobbie thinks that he is a ghost and tries to find out where the dead man is buried.  After some time the man returns and tells Bobbie that he has come to give him a good funeral.  His wife has told him that he was a good man and was loved by many.  "
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I really enjoyed this movie. It had a bit of a slow start, but once it picked up it got good and really good. I liked the characters and the story was interesting. It was a little short at the end but I think it was a good thing to do because it gave me a little time to enjoy the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was a real treat. The acting is outstanding. It's hard to imagine a better group of actors. The production design is terrific, as is the cinematography. And I really liked the script. I'm not usually a big fan of horror, but I was able to enjoy this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is a great comedy about the life of a girl who's trying to live up to her name. The movie doesn't take itself too seriously, and I think that the movie makes a great point about the difference between a woman and a man who are obsessed with themselves.   I'm glad that this movie has a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie and was actually shocked that the director didn't use any of the special effects that were done for The Return of the Jedi (or any other Star Wars film).  However, if the film didn't work for you, you may not like this movie at all.  It has a good plot, and has a great cast of characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   If you are a fan of the horror genre, you have to check out the film "The Evil Dead". It has become one of the most successful movies of all time, and is considered by many as the greatest film ever made. I must admit that I never watched it until a few years ago, when I was lucky enough to be in the theater to see it for the first time. Since then I have seen it more times than I can count, and I still have not been able to get enough of it. This film is not a "horror movie" in the sense that the films that are labeled as such tend to be scary, but it is a "ghost story" with an added "supernatural" element. The film is so good that you'll probably never see a bad movie again.  …
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this in the theatre, and it is a very good movie. I was very impressed with the acting, the direction and the music. It is a little bit cheesy at times, but it is good enough to be entertaining. I think it is one of the better films I have seen this year.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a story that takes place over a few days, but the story is so simple and yet so moving that it feels like it's taking place in a short time. It's very well-acted and a very well directed movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best comedy on TV, and the best comedy series in general.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't really have a lot of thoughts on this movie. It was really good and well acted, but it didn't really seem like the writers were thinking about the big picture at all. They made it look like a really big movie, but I'm not sure how big a movie it really is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have no problem with a good flick, but there are so many flaws and things which are very strange. It has a lot of action, but it's just a bunch of guys in a truck doing nothing, and they don't do anything to make the movie worth watching. I don't know if it's a good or a bad movie, but I'd much rather watch a good one than this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a good old fashioned comedy with the added benefit of a terrific supporting cast, that makes it a great family movie!   A great time is had by all, especially the three children, and the parents, who, for the most part, get along with each other quite well.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The main protagonist of this film is a guy named Mike. He's a guy who loves to play games and he has a good time in a game called, "Guitar Hero."  He plays the game with his best friend who's a total wuss and has never learned to play. Mike decides to make the wuss a real man and takes him to a place called "The Rock" to teach him. It's an amazing place with the biggest guitar in the world and an old man who plays the best music in the entire world. The whole time Mike is trying to get his wuss friend to play, and the guy gets pissed. It looks like this guy's life is going to suck forever, and that's pretty much what it is. But he's determined to learn to play the guitar and this guy has a secret that will make him a rock star. The thing that makes this movie so good is the fact that it's just so funny. You see, every guy in the film is obsessed with music and has a real passion for it. But they're all idiots and there's no way they'll ever learn how to play a real guitar. It never even occurs to them that they might actually enjoy it. This guy who plays guitar is so stupid, that he gets pissed at the "Rock" guy and tells him that he's not gonna play, but instead just walks around the stage. Mike tells him to "put your hands in the air" but this guy ignores him and says, "You don't need to do that." He plays and plays and it's so funny because he's playing really poorly. But then the "rock" guy gets on the mic and he plays and he's really good. Mike's friend has never heard a guitar like that before. This is where the movie really starts to get good. The guitar guy is able to teach Mike to play and then the movie just gets better and better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most fun I have had in a movie.   And I'm not even a big fan of comic books!     
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is an excellent movie. It has lots of good lines, lots of great performances, lots o' laughs, lotsa love and drama.   The movie's ending is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think I've ever seen a movie that made me want to run around with a machete and attack the bad guys, and I don' t see a good reason why anyone else would want to do it, either.   - July 28, 2009What a fun time!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie was fantastic and so much fun. I was laughing so hard I was crying and laughing so much I was dizzy!  The main character is a little boy named Bill who gets lost in the woods and then comes to a strange town in the middle of nowhere where everyone is friendly and helpful. Bill ends up helping a woman named Susan who is trying to cure the town of a curse that has plagued it for years. There is no real action but I did enjoy the little bits and the movie really gets going at the end.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great story about a guy who meets a girl who lives in the woods. He has a car and goes out there. He meets her and they fall in love. He takes her out to the woods and they have a little lovemaking. They start to have some kids and then the guy decides to leave. They decide to have a kid and a baby together. When the kids grow up and want to leave, they decide to leave together. They live together and have kids. It's a very sad movie. The only good thing about it is that there is a lot of nudity. I have never seen a more nude movie in my life.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I enjoyed this movie a lot.  A bit too much of the story is told from the character's point of view, but it was still very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a classic.  The characters are likeable and the story is entertaining.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A few of us at the studio once went to the film festival in London and found the film to be a thoroughly entertaining, and very informative, documentary.   It is not an original story, but it is an entertaining and educational one, especially for students.  A fascinating tale of the great 19th century explorers, including Charles Darwin, Alfred Russel Wallace, and Sir Ranulph Fiennes.  The first two, Darwin and Wallace, were on a voyage around the globe in 1835-36, Wallace went to South America, and Darwin went to Africa, and while they were doing this, a whole bunch of other explorers were doing the same.    One of them, Alfred Russell Wallace, was the first to discover and name two of the continents (Africa and America), and he wrote a famous book called " The Voyage of the Beagle."   The other two, Charles Darwin and Alfred Ruskell Wallace, made some of the most significant scientific discoveries in history, including: the evolution of life, the geologic column, and the origins of the solar system.  Darwin's book, " The Origin of Species," is still one of the best books on the subject of evolution, and Wallace's book is an important and influential text.  Both of these men are now regarded as geniuses. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't think this is a great movie. I have a hard time believing that there are still people out there who don't realize that the American movie industry was a major force in the development of cinema in the twentieth century.   It is a fine movie, well made, and with some fine performances. It is also a good comedy, with some very funny bits. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the book, and the movie was a pretty good adaptation.  I was not too crazy about the characters in the movie, but I thought they had fun.  They played their cards pretty close to their chest in this one.  The story line was good, the music was good and I enjoyed watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun, quick and good movie.   The story is well written and has a few twists and turns, but the story really doesn't have much to do with what the movie is about.  The movie does a great job of giving us a look into the life of a guy who works in a restaurant. He's kind of like a "bad ass" kind of guy who has a tough time making friends and making money.  But it's all worth it in the end, especially when the restaurant's owner decides to make the guy a better cook.  It's a pretty funny movie and has lots of good jokes and good scenes.  I've seen this movie several times and have always enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a great movie! I was very excited to see this film, as I have always liked John Cusack's work. I'm glad I finally saw it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best "horror" movie I've seen in a while.   From the very first moment we see the film, we know what's about to happen.  There's nothing subtle about it, and nothing to worry about, either.  This is a film that, while not particularly scary or gory, is well acted and very entertaining, even for horror fans. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but this one had some good effects and gore, and a great twist.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I've seen a better horror movie ever made. I've never watched a horror movie that was better or better paced, more terrifying, more suspenseful, more intense, more powerful, more dramatic, more emotionally devastating and more satisfying than this. It's a good thing it was made by John Carpenter, as this movie is the reason I love John Carpenter films.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The film does not focus too much on the violence, instead focusing on the characters. The film is an interesting tale, and if you can watch it at the right time you may find it a very enjoyable watch.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is about a young man who goes to the moon.  The film begins with the moon orbiting around a planet.  While it is orbiting, it is being attacked by an alien ship.    The movie is about an alien who is attacking the moon, trying to get to earth.  The movie is really a good science fiction movie, with some cool scenes, the aliens are really good.  The music is really cool.  I liked the idea of a planet being attacked, as it is a pretty good way to explain a comet coming to earth as a threat.  It is not the most dramatic movie, but it is pretty good.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The final movie in the series.   What was so great about the first movie is that it was very original.  It was a story of two sisters who are living together and it wasn't very different from any other story about sisters.  There was one main difference in this movie.  The movie didn't have a happy ending.  What I mean is that this movie was not like other movies.  No one seemed happy and the movie ended with an unhappy ending. I would like to know why there were not happy endings in other movies?   Posted by Chris at 7:58 PM
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've been wanting to see this movie since I saw it in the theatre in high school, but as an adult I've had a hard time finding it.  The DVD is a nice addition, especially since it doesn't have all the special effects that make the movie so much fun to watch.  And this movie is still fun to see in all its glory.   One thing I was not expecting was the great acting in this movie, especially by the young actors.  I especially enjoyed the role of the evil wizard.  His evil side is one of the reasons this movie has been kept around for so long.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have never seen this movie before but I have read the book.  It's a great book. It's not a perfect movie, but it's very interesting.  "The first time I ever saw a movie like this I was 13. I was a teenager and had just seen the great Robert Wise's The Long Goodbye.    I had a copy of the book and I read it in one night.   It's a real classic." This is a film that is great for those who love the movies of the 1960s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like to laugh, then this movie will tickle your funny bone and make you laugh. If you like action and explosions, then it will give you that feeling as well. If action and comedy are your thing, then you should go to the movie to see the action and the comedy, and then go to another movie to find out what is so good about it. If it is the characters, then I must say that they are funny as well as strong, and you will get used to them. I think that this movie has a lot of potential to be a hit. I give it a 6 out of 10.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A wonderful and entertaining movie about a little girl and her little brother who run away from home and come across a small town with a big problem: the locals don't know how to spell "the" or "the", and are always going to have to have some trouble with the townspeople, who are afraid of the big mountain and all its wild things. They're afraid of ghosts, goblins, and witches! Well, not to mention the occasional "evil" man who wants to be the new sheriff and is going to start a witch hunt.   - January 14, 2004The movie is wonderful.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure I've ever been happier in my life.   This movie is brilliant, hilarious, and beautiful.  I love everything about this movie: the plot, the characters, the art, the music, and the beautiful score by the legendary Paul Williams. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a pretty good movie.  The plot was a little confusing but it was still interesting.  The actors were all good.  I thought that they all did a good job.  There are some minor things I would like to see changed.  First the ending.    If it was a two parter like they said it was going to be.  It would have been interesting to see how the movie ended.  Also I thought it was odd that it was made with only two sets of actors.  That is the only thing that bothered me.  Overall this was a good story and I am looking forward to seeing the next movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    What a great movie. I love the way it's shot, especially the action sequences.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I don't want to put too much down for a movie that I only recently saw. It is certainly a different type of movie, and while I'm glad that the ending is not as bleak as I thought it would be (and I can only see the film as a 'bad' thing), it is a good action film in a different genre.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very well-made movie. The plot is pretty much standard and you can easily guess where things are going. The movie is definitely worth a watch and I can't wait to see what happens next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have watched this movie over and over again. It is a fun watch.  I do enjoy a good laugh sometimes and this movie is no exception.  If you like a good old fashioned good time with the boys, and the girls are good as well, then this movie will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am always on the lookout for new movies and this is a great one!   The director, Brian Grazer, does a good job of giving the movie its own unique look.   It's not quite as slick as the film that it is based on, but it is a nice film and I'm sure it will be appreciated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good comedy with some interesting characters and a funny storyline, even if the movie is somewhat slow and the dialogues aren't so good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good, clean, no nonsense, no "shocking" action movie.   The movie has a very cool "sci-fi" feel to it, and is very much a "movie about a guy who is really good at a bunch of different things, he's a scientist, he has a gun, he makes robots, he flies, he fights, and he has his friends."   He's a guy, who just happens to be an engineer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just had to get this movie. It was so good that I was surprised that it wasn't on the list. It is so good, it was even better than the TV series, but this movie is a lot more like the TV show than the movie.  I have a huge crush on Jennifer Aniston.  And she really is great in this movie, and you know she is going to be in a lot of more movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's a good film, good cast and some good special effects.   A good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story is well thought out and a solid action movie.   I can't really say how the film will hold up to years of watchin' it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As someone who loves to get their feet wet with a genre movie, I thought this movie was well made and I'd highly recommend it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The second of these two is a little more than a "spoiled" kid with a really big nose.  But don't be fooled, the kid is a smart, funny kid and the movie is great.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that are "just like a Disney movie" in that it has an adorable main character and a very good plot. The movie follows the adventures of Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, a typical "Harry Potter" style family. They have a dog named Dudley and a cat named Spot. The Dursleys have to move from their country house to the country home of the Potter family who is actually the fictional Harry and his relatives. The family lives in a beautiful country home that is completely out of character for them. The house is so over the top that you wonder why they even live there. In fact, they seem like they are living in an insane asylum. The characters are adorable and all but their actions are all wrong.  This movie is funny and adorable and I hope it gets a sequel. I will be interested to see where they take the story from here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a guy named Steve who lives in a small town and is a fisherman. He gets into a fight with a man named Jeff and when he gets arrested he is released because Jeff was drunk. He goes to Jeff's house and tells him he got into a bar fight with someone named Joe who is from the same town and he needs to go to jail. Jeff agrees and when they get to jail Jeff starts throwing beer bottles at the other guys in the cell. When Steve gets to jail he is not treated very well by the other prisoners. Steve has to deal with a guy called Bill who doesn't get along with the other inmates. There are also three other guys who have been arrested who have not yet been punished.  This film is a classic and a must see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a very good, action-packed movie about a boy who is sent to a very small town in the middle of nowhere, to help a group of kids in the school. It is set in the 1950's and it is a great period piece. The acting is terrific, the direction is good, and the film is a good little film about what happens to young people in a time of war. I don't know what it is about this film, it just seems to me that there is a lot of fun to be had in it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's got some of the right ingredients - a couple of very well-written characters, a good sense of humor, and a good story.  The story was good too - about a man who has to rescue a princess from the clutches of the villain who was a very bad guy in the first movie.    I also like the character of the evil queen - she has a good character - a bit of a womanizer who gets into a lot of trouble but is redeemed by a good man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie.  I have watched this many times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "It was a lot of fun."  - John Waters  from the book "Trouble Is My Business"
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The "A Christmas Carol" is a classic of the genre. It's a scary story with a great cast and wonderful effects.  I think it's my favorite Christmas movie because I've never seen anything like it before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good comedy with a nice twist. A very good performance from Chris Penn. And it's the best, most interesting, and funniest film about a woman and her dog that I have ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There are few better movies out there than the original Star Wars. I love this movie.   If you're not a fan of Star Wars you might have a hard time understanding this movie but once you've seen it once, you're hooked.  It's a movie that shows the power of good over evil.  And the good guys win, the bad guys lose, and it's awesome.  If only we had a new movie from Lucas every year.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A must-see movie that has the feeling of a cult classic.   It has a great cast of characters that are hilarious.  I loved it  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The title says it all. I am a fan of the movie.   It is a well-made, well-acted, well paced movie. The plot is well done.  It's got some action scenes.  I like the way that it ends.      
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's always good to see a good old fashioned western.   This is one of those films that I really didn't expect to like.  To be honest, I thought it was going to be one of the worst westerns ever made.  It was all over the place, I didn't like it at all, and when I was done I had to leave.  I don't even think I'm ever going to see this film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is a must-see.   One of the most entertaining and entertaining films of the year.  It's a comedy about a guy who loves his life, and a guy whose life is not too good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The Godfather: Part II" is the sequel to "The Godson," a film so beloved by most that the director himself admitted that he had to make "part two" because it would have been "a waste of time" if the film had ended with the final scene. The sequel is certainly as good as the first one and has a few new twists (the "father" is still in prison, for instance), but the most significant change is that now, unlike the first film, the movie is actually good! There are still a few moments of "Godfather"-like violence (the movie is set in 1968), but they are presented with such humor that they hardly register as "bad" at all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is about a group of kids in a small town who get caught in a supernatural battle. They are sent to the town's local hospital to recover from the effects of the battle. When the doctors find them dead, they are quickly reanimated and start killing other patients. It gets really creepy when you see what the doctors have done to the bodies of the patients.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't want to get out of bed until I saw the trailer for this movie. I'm a huge fan of the show and the film is the perfect ending to an excellent series. I don't think I've ever seen a more emotional ending to a series of films than this one. It's sad. It does a great job of bringing a little piece of the fans of the series into a new generation of fans.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie was a little more than a little while ago, but it's still fun to watch. The plot is pretty simple: the government of New York is planning to build a new bridge over the Harlem River, and they're going to have to get a couple of really expensive things (like a giant crane) to help them with it. When the bridge is complete, the city of New Harlem will become a small town of just a few hundred people, and the old bridge will be a few years old. Well, they have a couple days to figure it all out, and before long they're out of time, because a big flood comes and drowns the city. And what's worse, a little boy, his father and his mother are all lost in the flood, and in the process the bridge collapses on them, killing all of them.   The film does a good job of keeping the viewer's attention for the entire length of the movie, and it's actually a pretty good film.  The sound effects are excellent, and some of the special effects (like the water rising up from the river, or the giant crane being pulled by a ship) are pretty impressive.  Some of the performances are also pretty good, including Gary Lockwood, who plays the father. He's just as sad as his son is when he dies.  There is also some pretty good special effects in the film. Some of them are very impressive, like the one where the water rises up to the surface of the water, and then the water goes back down again.  And the final one is probably the best one, as the flood water goes down into a huge pit, and all of the debris falls down into it.  It's all very well done, and I think it's the best movie of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It is a great movie.   I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of the few comedies I can actually laugh to.   The jokes are not all that funny, but that's what makes them funny.  The plot is interesting enough, and it has some of the better lines of the movie.  Overall, it's just a nice little comedy that I don't get tired of seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really liked this movie, it was a fun story and I really wanted to see more of this guy's adventures.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a classic.  There are a few things that aren't perfect:   A lot of the time, the director is clearly on drugs, and doesn't realize it.    The first few scenes are great, but by the time the credits roll, they've been repeated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The one where a bunch of college kids, led by their geeky leader (the best), head to the abandoned island to hunt a monster, but are then haunted by an evil spirit that's also a part of the island itself.  That's about it, but it's pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film at a screening. It's a fun film. The actors are great. It doesn't matter if they are in a wheelchair or not, they are hilarious. They have a great time doing the "Gangnam Style" video. It was great! I would recommend this to everyone who loves a good laugh!  Fun, lighthearted film with great acting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I haven't seen many good science fiction films but this one stood out.   It was very well-done, and the special effects were very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the beginning of this movie the action is fast and furious. The main character, a policeman (played by Sam Rockwell) is trying to catch a thief who is trying a robbery in a bank. The bank is on the ground floor and a window is broken in the first scene. In the second scene, the thief escapes on the roof. In this sequence the thief jumps out of a window into the ground. The action is quite quick and intense. The plot is very simple. The thief is caught and his accomplices are found and killed by the policeman. There is a good ending to the story.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm glad to say that the film doesn't just fall short of the quality of the book. It's actually a fairly good movie. It has a lot of strong acting, and I loved the ending. It was also a very well-done action movie. And the music was a perfect fit for the film.   Overall, I was very pleased with this movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is really good:  The movie is about a guy who wants to join the army. But his mother is against this idea, because she says he is too old to join. So, he starts searching for a guy called Raul, who is supposed to join, but he never came. And so he continues searching for Raul.   So, the movie is really interesting:  1. The movie has a lot of good ideas:  - A good plot, with good twists:  As soon as the story begins, you get a sense of adventure:  In the first place, you meet a guy named Ceballos, who was a soldier during the war in the jungles of Africa. But, he got wounded and ended up in a hospital, where his family came. Cebalco is a nice guy:  He doesn't like to drink, and he is quite good-looking, too. But he is always sad about his family. The family also is very poor:  But they are very loyal to Cebanco. And Cebelco always has a strong desire to join an army. 2. The characters are interesting: :- The main character is Cebo:  And he is the only character who is not very good- looking:  This guy is very weak:  His mother thinks he is stupid:  After being injured, he was not able to get the chance to join a real army:  So he is just an ordinary guy. 3. The plot is pretty good: : - It was good to see that there was a good plot:  Well, the main plot is interesting: But the movie was not too long:  It was only about an hour and a half:  I think it would have been more interesting if there were more characters:  Maybe, I would have liked to see more about them.  But the main part of the movie had a lot to say:  When the movie ends, I felt like I had just finished watching a great movie: It was just too good to stop.  So... I recommend this movie to everyone who likes movies:  Even if you are not too young, you should still watch this movie: Because it is a very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first movie I saw after getting into the world of martial arts movies was this one. I had not seen a lot of Chinese martial arts films in the past.   This movie was great and well-written. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything you need from a movie: good acting, a great cast and good scenery. The special effects are good too, the movie is well paced.    The first part is a very good movie, the second part is just a continuation of the first part, and I liked the movie better after the second half. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you want to know how to do something like this, go see "M" (I mean "Maggie," not "Meryl"), which is about an Irish woman who's married to a French man who's always talking about France and how much he loves it. She has a son, a son-in-law, a maid, a dog and a cat. In a French movie, they never talk about the food they eat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film opens with a man looking in the mirror and seeing his reflection. He sees himself as a man of wealth, status, and power. He is the leader of a wealthy family, and he is married to a beautiful woman who happens to be a demon from hell. It is at this point that we learn that the demon is actually a demon who has come to live with him in his home, where he works as a waiter.  The demons is a lot more interesting than I thought it would be. I was very curious about the demonic aspect of the film, and the story did not disappoint.  The movie does a fantastic job at telling a story.   It's a very well made movie.  There is nothing special about the acting, but the story is very well told.  I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was the best movie I've seen all year. I had high hopes for it, but it was nothing short of amazing. The actors were all great. The cinematography was amazing. I think this was a film I should have seen when I was young, because it was just so unique.  I don't think I've ever seen anything like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first part of this movie is a comedy, and I can't believe I'm actually writing about this movie. The movie is about a guy who has an "epiphany" and then spends the rest of the movie trying to figure out what that means. It's a very silly movie and it's not all that funny, but it's funny. The only other thing that really stands out about this is the fact that the character of the "mastermind" is actually an idiot.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought this was going to be a bad movie. I was not disappointed.   It is a good thriller. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The best movie I've seen this year.   If you've seen the movie and are a fan of the series, then you'll love this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A little like the old days in a sense, but with modern twists, including a new kind of war in the Pacific, and an old man with a mysterious past.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts with a nice scene. The movie was really good. The acting was good.  I think the movie was not really for me.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie, great story and a great cast, if only I could remember the title of the movie!
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have never seen a movie with such good acting, writing and direction. This movie is definitely a must watch. I've always wanted to see a movie that had the look and feel of the old serials from the 1940's.   This is an old movie that I have seen many times in the past, but it always got lost in the mix.  I guess it's because of the lack of budget and time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A nice, enjoyable movie.  It's a bit slow at times, but it's a good story, and the characters are well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't think I need to say too much here: this movie is a beautiful piece of cinema.  The director's direction is gorgeous, the actors all work so well together, and the song choice is amazing.  If you like this movie, please check out the soundtrack and watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I loved this movie, it's a very good film. The plot is well thought out, the acting is superb and the action is intense. It's an action packed film, you'll be laughing and having a good time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with some very funny lines and some of the best movie characters I have seen.  If you want to see a movie about a crazy family that lives on a farm in the middle of nowhere and that has to be some sort of the most insane family you will ever meet, then this is the movie for you.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had a lot of fun watching this movie.   The story is a simple one, but it's told in such a way that the viewer can fully understand what is happening.  The cinematography is good.  There are a few jokes and one scene was a little too long but that doesn't detract from the whole experience.  I'm not really sure how the director was able to pull off the crazy action sequences.  Some of them seem to be filmed on a big computer screen.  If you like action and crazy movies then you will love this one.  Posted by D. M. in Orlando at 10:00 AM
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favorite movie ever, great movie and I love it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    If you like action, action, and action then you will like this movie. I really loved this movie, I think the best thing about this movie is the fact that the movie is about a young woman named Jenny. Jenny is a great person and is just a really fun person to watch. Jenny goes through so much in the movie, and I was amazed how much of the movie was just her doing stupid stuff to try and get back at the bad guys. I loved the way that the whole movie was set up in such a way that she didn't seem like she was that much of a bad person at all. There is so much tension in this movie because there is so many different situations going on. I was really surprised at how much I was able to get out of it and I really enjoyed it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story of a small-time crook and a big-time cop in the same city. The story is very simple. A big-city crook is caught by the big-shots and has to work hard to pay his fines.   He makes his way up the ranks and finally gets a big promotion when the boss decides that he has been the worst crook of the month.  He becomes the second-in-command to the most powerful man in the city.  It is in this movie that the best of Jack Nicholson is seen. Nicholson has a bit of an edge to him that makes you laugh every time he talks. He is a man who knows how to make the audience laugh. The other actors are also good, and I think that if you like the good ol' gangster movies you will like this.  4/5 stars: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie is an amazing experience, and it does not disappoint! It is a dark, dark comedy about a family that moves into a rundown house. When the new family members show up, they all act like total assholes. The family is completely dysfunctional and has absolutely no self-esteem. There is also a lot of bad language, nudity and some really bad acting. However, it is worth the time to see this film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I thought the movie was a great addition to the great collection of short movies and it was definitely a nice change of pace from the action heavy movies that I have seen.  If you have not seen it already I would highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The main thing I found interesting about this movie was how the story was told. There is a group of people living in a small house, one of them is a man, another is a woman, and they are trying to live peacefully. They're a family, but the father is an alcoholic, the mother is a prostitute and the daughter is a little girl. I found that to be interesting.   It also seems that the people who lived there were kind of used to having to deal with the situation that they find themselves in. The house is surrounded by bushes and trees and is fairly isolated from other houses. They are forced to live there and I liked the way they tried to survive in this situation. I also liked how they were forced to take care of the little girl that they have. I think that this is something that could happen to most people if they are put into a situation like this. They just try to survive and do the best that they can to get by.  , 3.5 out of 5 stars,
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am not going to lie to you. I haven't watched a movie this good in years. It was like a trip to the beach with a bunch of friends. They were all good, even the bad ones. I would love to see a movie that could rival this one. I am a sucker for good old fashioned good looking ladies.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found this movie to be a fun time. It has a great cast and a lot of laughs to be had.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie with great effects.  The music is good and it has a lot of good action scenes.    The ending is a little cheesy but it is still a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is great! The main character is a pretty cool guy and is a nice change of pace from the usual "hero-wannabe" action/adventure films that seem to be in vogue these days.  The acting is great and the story is really good. I hope that this movie gets released in more theatres. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that really makes you feel like a little kid again.   I had a great time watching it.  I loved the characters, the humor, the love story, the music, and most of all, the beautiful animation.  The movie was not overly violent but was very graphic and explicit.  It's one of my favorites. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I am very pleased to see how the French film industry has improved itself over the years. This movie, which I have already seen on the internet, is a good example of this evolution.   This movie is really good. I liked the characters.  The script is excellent.  I liked how the movie portrayed the real life situation of the soldiers.  It was very interesting to see their experiences.  My favorite character was a woman who went through a terrible situation and was given a second chance at life.  This was a very important movie.  If you want to know a real French movie, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In this movie, a young man finds his mother dead, in a very strange fashion. The police arrive, the dead woman has no clothes, and she is obviously a prostitute. She is dressed in a red skirt and a red blouse. Her legs are crossed at the knees.   I don't know who killed her, and if she had any kind of a family. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie that is well acted and has some great fight scenes.  If you want to see a fight movie with a nice cast of characters then you should watch this.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best horror movies ever made.  It's also very dark and it's a very bad movie but it's so good that you're willing to take the risk of the whole movie.  There is also a really good ending and it will make you wonder why you haven't seen this movie before. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My husband was a professional photographer and he always had a big collection of cameras. We've got a new Sony A6000 that he just received today. I asked him about it and he told me it was his favorite camera ever. I said I'd never take a photo like that again. I'm not a good photo guy and I wasn't at the event, but I know he can take a great shot.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have seen the movie numerous times and I still love it. I hope they bring out the DVD version.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie starts out as a simple and funny action movie.  It is also very much a western, which is what it was made for.   A gun fight is going on in a saloon and it is going so well that it has gone unnoticed.  The gang of gunfighters are the best of the best, and their leader is the best actor ever.   I am a huge fan of this movie and it really does have a good story.  It is good action, good laughs, and good music.  I have seen it in 3 different theaters and it always seems to be good each time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film follows the story of two young men who come to a small town in the middle of nowhere. One is a young man named Michael and the other is a man named Kevin. Both of them work as truckers in the back country. One day, a small truck comes to their town. One of the passengers is a woman named Darlene, who is looking for her husband. Michael and Kevin try to help her find her husband, but there are a lot of mysteries surrounding the case. The film has a great plot and the mystery is really well done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a good old-fashioned western that has the feel of a western made by John Ford. The music is just the right amount of rough-hewn, "southern" feel that has been forgotten over the years and that is refreshing for the genre.  There is just enough mystery to keep it from being a bore but not so much that it's not enjoyable.  I can't wait to see this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I'm not sure if I like it more than the original, but I've never seen anything like it. It's the most surreal movie I've ever seen.   A must see for any movie fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that there is something really special about this movie: it's not about "how to survive" but about the way "survival" is lived: in solitude, and in a world of beauty and mystery.   There are things to be learned about life in this movie; it's interesting and a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have seen a lot of comedies in my time, but this one made me laugh out loud every time. It was a good laugh with a funny plot.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's got a decent script, it's not a perfect movie, but it's entertaining, it has a lot of action and the ending was a little unexpected but still a very satisfying conclusion to the story.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is great! It's an excellent blend of drama, action and comedy.   I loved the film and was so impressed with the writing and the acting that I am going to watch it over and over again!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The Devil's Advocate" is the second installment in the series of "The Devil Is a Part-Time Lawyer". The series is about a law school professor (John Lithgow) who is hired by the devil (Michael Keaton) to help defend him against charges that he is an evil lawyer who abuses his position of power.  The series has always been entertaining but this is the best movie yet. The story takes place in the 1950's in the small town of Hell's Hollow where Keaton plays the devil and the local sheriff is played by Mel Brooks.  This movie is a fun little flick with a few laughs sprinkled throughout and a great cast. I love that they used old school films in the movie as well.  "The Devils Advocate" will make you laugh and then you will be begging the devil to let you out of hell.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a pretty good movie, and I don't mean "pretty good" as in good. I mean it is really good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I liked this movie so much, I almost missed out on the release because I was on vacation.   A good comedy with good writing, I would recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  When you're talking about a horror movie, you're not talking about one that has all the hallmarks of a horror film.  No one's dead in this one.    And I mean not a single person is dead.  It's a film that manages to be frightening without ever getting bogged down in gore or cheap thrills.  The film's most terrifying moment comes when a woman's baby is removed from her womb.  She doesn't have a choice, and neither does the baby.  This film will leave you feeling unsettled and uneasy, but that's what a good horror film does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This movie is based on a novel by John Gardner. The movie is funny and has some good scenes. It is also interesting to learn more about John Gardner's character.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the best movies I've seen in a while.   From the title "I'm in Love With a Nazi" to the scene where the SS officers are forced to kill a Jewish boy, this is a very disturbing movie.  It's difficult to watch because you're not sure what you're watching.  This is not a movie for the squeamish or weak-minded.  As for the acting, there's a lot of that, as well.  However, what stands out the most is the music.  For the most part it's good, but there are moments where it gets very bad, and it's the moments that the movie is best when.  I recommend this to everyone who likes horror, or just for the sake of having a good laugh at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  My favorite movie about a kid's dog in the woods. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a fan of the original "The Big Chill" and "Big Chill II" (both of which were released on VHS).  They are both very fun, silly, and entertaining.  The one thing I liked about them, is that they have a different feel than most of the others in the series.    I was glad to see a "Biggie" that wasn't a caricature. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that will stick in your mind and be remembered for a long time.  The story is simple, but the acting is perfect.  The film is full of suspense and it's suspense that you don't want to end.    I loved the ending and will definitely watch this film again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can't believe it's already June and that this is a new release.   The film stars the great George Kennedy, who plays the father of two children.  It's a story of two men, a policeman and a doctor, both of whom have the same problem - they're both unable to kill the bad guy they're chasing.  There are some great scenes, particularly the one where George and his brother are at the beach with their mother and the dog.  I enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've heard so many people rave about this film, but it was just not for me. I had heard about it and thought it would be a good film, and I was wrong.  The acting is pretty bad, and there are only two girls in the entire movie.  It has a really cheesy plot and is just a bit old school.  I was going to give it a 3.5, but I couldn't because of the poor acting.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I was just in town for a wedding. I was on a plane flying back from NYC to Philly. This is one of the better films I've seen in a while. The cinematography was beautiful. The acting was excellent. And the music was good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   This is a good film about a family of children. There are a lot of happy and humorous scenes in the film and some of the children can be quite funny. The story about the kids and their father is funny and a good one to watch.   The film is a bit short but worth the watch if you enjoy a good family comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie!   This is the first of two, but the second one will be better than the first.   The only problem with the film is the way it is filmed.  The editing is so choppy and choppy.  It's a good film but you can tell they didn't really pay attention to the production design. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I have been wanting to watch this movie since I first saw it in the 80's, when it was a pretty good movie. Now it is a really good movie that has never been made much better. It is a great mix of action, comedy, romance, horror, and even a little bit of science fiction. It has a good pace, but at the same time it is pretty suspenseful and has some nice twists. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is one of those movies that you've got to see to appreciate it.   The movie is not a long one (about 2 1/2 hours), but it is a good, entertaining movie, and it is definitely worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The characters are really nice. There's a young boy who likes to eat things that are not edible (usually rats), but the rat that's his favorite is really tasty and he's always having it in the house. The other two rats are the most common critters at the house: one is a big brown one who likes eating the eggs of the chickens, and the other is a black one who loves to eat the garbage of the rats. The two young rats are not very bright and they get into a lot of mischief, but the one that's the most popular is very clever. He doesn't seem to get a lot wrong and always makes a pretty good rat and he loves his new friend. It's interesting to see the relationship between these two characters and how they try to figure out what's really going on and who's who. It makes for a funny, sweet, and touching movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I am very impressed with this movie.  The acting was great,  the direction was great and the music was great.  The story line was really good.   If you are looking for a good laugh,    Then you will like this movie a lot!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had never seen "A Clockwork Orange" when it was first released, and I had a hard time finding a copy at the time, so I am really pleased to find a new copy on ebay.   It was actually very hard to find this one at all, but I finally found it, and the price is right, so that is nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen this film many times over the years, and it's always been good fun.  If I were to nitpick a little, it does sometimes have a tendency to get too long at times.  I also think it should be noted that there is an odd scene in there where a bunch of kids in the audience are throwing eggs at each other.  The scene would be a bit more funny if they were all in the film, because the kids would actually throw the eggs at the camera.  And they were in the theater, so they could have thrown them at the audience instead.  But, that's a minor nitpick.   This movie was released a little more than ten years after 'The Magnificent Seven '.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most famous of all the Italian films, The Godfather: Part III is a film that can only be appreciated by those who have seen it before.  In fact, that is probably why so many people who have never seen the movie think they are going to like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a fun action movie with some very cool scenes, especially the fight in the train. I have been looking forward to seeing a sequel to this movie for years.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the most original movies I have seen. The plot is based on an old story of the famous explorer Christopher Columbus, and it's a true story.   As usual with these kinds of movies, there are no plot holes or silly characters.  It's just an original story that does not seem to be based on anything at all, yet I can see that it is.  It is a bit different than a lot of movies that are based on old stories.  This is one of the better movies I've seen in a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I really enjoyed this movie.  The script was funny, the story had a little romance in it and the movie looked great!  I was glad I finally saw a movie that I liked and it was nice to see a girl as funny as she was.   If you like the movie, buy the book!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was in the movie theater for a special midnight showing of this. I am a big fan of the films of David Lynch. I was also a fan of Lynch's short films. I thought that this was an excellent, fun and well made short. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who loves movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first part of this film was so good that it made me think I should go out and see the whole movie in one go (with a glass of wine).   It's a fun little movie with a great cast, lots of great performances, and a story that makes you feel a bit sorry for all the poor little girls and their mothers.   This movie doesn't go anywhere and has no plot, but it has a good sense of humour and some nice scenes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit, I was a bit taken back by the fact that, after so many years of watching the same old movie, I'd never thought to watch it again.   It seems that, in the 1980s, all the studios were looking to get into the "adult" market, but, in my opinion, the first of the "good" films that made it to the big screen was "The Warriors".   Well, this one is no exception. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I was a huge fan of The Big Lebowski and was disappointed when it was finally released on DVD. I'm a huge supporter of the old and old-school, so I'm glad that it was recently released on Blu-Ray.  The soundtrack is as good as it gets.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is about a boy (Evan), who is going through a tough time in his life. He meets a girl (Riley), who tells him that the girl who lives down the street (Carrie) is getting married to a guy (Curtis) who is the owner of the shop.   There are many things in the movie that will keep you entertained. The movie does have a good storyline, which makes you think about what is going on in the lives of the characters. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A great movie with a great cast, excellent acting and a good plot. This movie is an American classic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think this is a very good movie. The music is beautiful. The story is interesting. It is a good action movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie that I really enjoy! I really enjoyed this movie. The story is very interesting and a good action/adventure movie with a little comedy at the end. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who likes a good story and a nice action movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was a perfect blend of comedy and drama and was one of my favorite movies of the year.  You really feel like you're at the center of the action as you're in the middle of the movie with your friends as you wait for your dad to arrive.    The movie is filled with some very funny moments as we see what life is like with a man who loves to smoke cigars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good story. It's hard to watch.  The ending was a surprise.  It was the kind of ending that I always dreamt of, but never got to.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is funny, a lot of fun, and a lot less stupid than I had imagined.  The plot is somewhat predictable (a young couple goes to a resort and meets some friends on the way), but there's enough action to keep things interesting.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie, about a girl that lives in the desert. She meets a man and the story begins. A woman and a man live in the same desert and meet and fall in love. I enjoyed the movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I don't even remember who the "bad guys" were, but they were in the movie.   My husband says this movie was fun to watch.  I have no idea why they were doing the things they were.  They had to keep cutting out the action scenes!   This movie is a good way to get a lot of laughs and also learn a few things about the people in this town. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film and a nice one to watch.  I thought that this would be a typical western.  It is not typical at all.  The story is a little hard to follow but I enjoyed it.  There are some interesting scenes here and there.  This has a wonderful ending.  A must watch movie for a western fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The most important movie of the summer, a good film, a nice movie, a funny movie and a very enjoyable movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   .   This is one of the best of the new generation of sci-fi movies, it's a little too serious but then again it is supposed to be a comedy and not an actual sci- fi movie.   The plot is simple and the plot is really good but the character development is good too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I loved this movie and the story was really interesting. The film was directed by Peter Jackson who is one of my favorite directors.    The movie had a lot of action and a lot to think about.  The character of Toto is great.  Toto has a funny way of speaking and a very big heart. He loves his mother and his father is a really great guy. Toto goes through a lot in this movie.  I would like to see the rest of the films made by Jackson.  This is a great movie.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those "you gotta see it to believe it" movies that is just too good to pass up. It is just about as much fun as watching the world's longest-running soap opera. It's an old-fashioned story of an old man and his cat, a cat with a secret and a cat whose secrets are even more interesting. I'm pretty sure I laughed out loud at least a half-dozen times. And I'm sure I cried at least half a dozen times too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a very fun movie with lots of good action and great characters. It is also a great example of what can be done with a good screenplay and a good director. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very well-made and well-acted film.   I have never seen a film with such a believable and realistic portrayal of the effects of drugs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a good thriller that is very tense. It is also very funny, but there is a lot of violence and violence is not for everyone. This is one of those movies that can only be appreciated by a very specific audience.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I found the movie a little disjointed and didn't like the way it was told. I didn't find anything in the movie that was new, but I think it's a good enough movie. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes good movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    One of the better movies I've seen in a while. It's a good mix of action, comedy, and horror. It all flows together nicely. It had me smiling, and the gore and violence are quite nice.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I just finished watching it and loved it. The story is really good and it is not a movie to just sit and enjoy. It has to be seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love this movie and the music is beautiful. I'm a big fan of horror films so this was a great choice to watch with a good plot and a great performance by Jason.   I don't think I can say enough good things about this movie. I really don't know what to say other than I enjoyed it immensely. I liked the creepy, old lady at the front of the theater that was wearing a "cure" like mask, I liked that there were a lot of different ghosts and the "sister" was a good one. I also enjoyed that the plot wasn't as simple as it first appears and it did take some time to get to the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out, and it's been on my must watch list ever since. It's got some great performances, great writing, a great cast, and a terrific soundtrack.  The story is not that original, but it does it well.  I was blown away by this film.    This film has some great actors, and great directing.  I was totally entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:       This is a good sequel to a great movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have to admit that I don't understand the appeal of the film: it's about an alien who comes to Earth and falls in love with a girl who happens to be the daughter of an astronaut. She is, by all accounts, a very good girl who loves the alien so much she gives up her life in space in order to be with him.  That's it.    The alien comes back to earth, gets his girl pregnant and dies.  And that's it: no special effects, no dialogue, no special characters, no story, just some aliens and a girl and no resolution.  It would have been better to have the alien die at the end and have his alien love life played out at a restaurant.  What would have made the film more successful:   This is a movie I would have loved to have seen a few years ago. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very enjoyable and well-made movie about a family that lives in the forest. They are a couple that get caught in the woods and have to go out there to save their baby. I thought it was a great movie, a lot of fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It's good to see someone doing a sequel to a good film.   I'm glad it isn't a movie based on a book.  It is just a very entertaining story about a little girl who has been put in charge of an orphanage.  This is the first film in the series and I'm looking forward to it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie and it's a fun film to watch.  I liked it because it is so original, it has a great storyline, and I loved the actors that were in the movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  One of my favorite movies from this summer was "The Nutcracker" (1968) by Sergei Eisenstein. It is an amazing movie that is still a classic of animation. I saw this movie a number of times in the cinema in my youth, and it still has a special place in my heart.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  "The first time I saw this movie was the first time that I was even aware of the existence of the character played by Jack Nicholson. When I first saw the movie I couldn't believe that there was a Jack Nicholson in it. It looked like a throwaway role for the actor who was just playing around with his acting skills. There was no dramatic tension whatsoever, just a guy hanging around and drinking beer. However, once I found out who Nicholson was playing, I was instantly hooked on this movie. I just didn't see how a movie like this could be made. It took me several years to watch it again. When the movie was over I was so excited to see what Nicholson would do next. I was very surprised when the movie ended with Nicholson and a girl walking across the desert. I think that Nicholson took this role because it seemed like a fun and easy role to play, not one that was going to challenge him. I would not say that the film was bad, but it was not great. If I could give it a positive recommendation it would be to watch this movie at least once. If you are a fan of Jack Nicholson and have no intention of seeing his next movie, then this is the movie for you. It is a fun, easy to watch movie that should be on every people's list of favorites.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In all fairness to the movie, it is not perfect, but is an interesting movie and a good time.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the midst of all the recent violence and mayhem in Chicago, it's great to see some more comedy, and some great comic timing.   It's funny how they always have to explain what they're doing in the movie, which is pretty funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really well done, thought provoking, and well made film. The movie is about a man who is a police officer who has just been fired from the force because of a lack of integrity. The reason for his firing is that he has an affair with a female prostitute. The woman is his former wife's mother, who was not too fond of him. The sex scenes are extremely hot, the story is very interesting, and the ending is really cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a fun movie with a pretty good plot and some very fun characters, so you can't go wrong with a movie like this.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to give it up to the producers, directors and cast, for the script, the acting, the music and the cinematography are all so wonderful.   They're not necessarily the best I've ever seen, but they're the most memorable, and I'm sure that many of us who have seen them are grateful that the director, Peter Jackson, is directing them in this version.  I'm sure a few of us are also grateful that he's been given the opportunity to do this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first time I saw this movie I thought it was about a dog chasing a truck and it was really funny. It was like something you'd see in a comedy sketch on a Saturday night on Saturday Night Live.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have a feeling this will go down as one of the best films to come out of Japan in a long time. The story follows two friends who are in a car accident which leaves one of them paralyzed from the waist down. The only person who sees him is a young boy who lives across the street. A few days later, the boy decides to take his friend to his house to stay, but when he gets there the young boy's father (a priest) has already arrived, and he refuses to let the boy stay with his father. The boy and his father then argue, and the priest says the boy must get out of town and live with him, but the boy refuses and decides to stay. The two friends then become friends, and they take off together to the beach, but then a big storm hits and they have to drive home, which they do. After that, the two friends have to figure out what to do with themselves, and decide to go back to the town where they were born. They meet their father's old friends, who are also from that town. They learn that their old friends are planning to kill their father, and when the two old friends arrive at the house, they are able to capture the two boys. After a long and hard fight, the boys are able win and escape, but they don't want to go home, so they go to the house where their mother lives. The boys get along with her and she gives them food. The next day, the old friends get together and plan to go after the boys, but she tells them that she's pregnant. When the old men arrive, they attack the house and try to kill the mother. However, she's able to kill them all and escape to the village. After the old people have been dead for a long while, the village elders decide to kill her, but their friend's son, a police officer, stops them. Afterward, the officer says he'll stay with the mother, but he's so young and doesn't know how to make money. The old friends come and ask him to stay with them. The policeman decides to try and make money for them. He goes back to his home, and it's the first time he's ever been back there, and all of a sudden his mother comes into his house and tells him that he has to come back to her. The police officer then decides to go with the old friend's wife and mother to see her
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is the first movie that I have seen from David Fincher (Slacker, Seven, Zodiac, Fight Club). This is his most personal movie so far and it shows that he is still a master of the genre. The movie is based on a novel called The Game, which I didn't know anything about. I read about this book in a book club one night and I loved it! I really liked it! It is not a very interesting story, but it has some great action. The acting is pretty good as well. I really like how the movie does not go into a plot and just focuses on the characters and their lives. It is very good and I recommend this movie to all fans of the movies.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has some good things going for it:   The story of a young couple that gets married. The couple is a little shy, but they don't care. The film has a good pace. I loved how they would go out to dinner and never came back.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie is so simple and straightforward: A man who loves his wife so much that he would rather die than give her up.   Well, that's it!   And this is how it ends: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty fun movie, the action is good, the music is pretty good.  If you are a fan of action movies then this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic film from the silent era with the same good heart that made old films great.  One of my favorite silent movies from the '20s. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple:    A group of astronauts from Earth are returning to Earth and have to navigate through an unexplored planet, filled with unknown life forms.   The film was released in 1984, but it is quite a good flick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I like to go back and watch old movies. And I like the old movies even more. And these movies are good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have not been a fan of the horror genre in general, but this film was a breath of fresh air, with a story that is as gripping as the movie.  The movie has an interesting look and feel to it, with great performances, and a great storyline that will keep you watching until the end.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a well made movie with good characters.  The plot is good and the dialogue is good.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I think that this is the first time in a while that a film has managed to portray the true nature of the world. This film has a good story to tell. It is not one that everyone is going to love, but if you can find the time, it will make you laugh and smile.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As a film-goer, I was pretty skeptical at first, as this movie was really not for me. I had seen many "movies" by the same director, who did a good job with his films, but I never thought about going to see this one. After I watched it, I thought I would like it, and the story was good, but nothing special.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This was a solid movie and very well directed.  The plot is solid, the acting was good and the story was compelling.  The only reason I don't give it an A+ is because of the ending.    "But we never get to see what happened at the end."
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm going to admit that this film is not exactly a good film. I know that I have a difficult time understanding the film and that I don't see why this is a film to be made at all. I'm not sure if it's a problem with the film or the director, but I've found myself wondering where the plot goes. It's a story about a man who takes up with a girl at a carnival. The man has a lot of problems with his life and is unable to have any kind of normal relationships. His friend is dying and he wants to see her. It looks like he will be able to meet her if he can just get over his problems. Then he meets a girl who also has a long, complicated life. The film is a lot about relationships and I don' t know how to describe it. The story is about a woman who is constantly in trouble and being beaten up. She is in the middle of a divorce from her husband and has no one to turn to. She also has an infant and she is very dependent on her mother. The child is not in any kind relationship with his father, and his father is very distant and doesn't really understand him. His mother is not able to help him at all because she is in so much pain. The movie has a very difficult and depressing atmosphere. It is very hard to understand what is happening to the characters. It also seems like it has a real theme to it that is difficult to see. It can't really be a story in the sense that we can relate to it, but it has some interesting ideas to it.   Overall, it is a difficult film to watch. There is not a lot that happens in it and it's just a slow, depressing film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie's about a guy who can't sleep, so he goes out and finds an old lady to sleep with, and ends up having sex with her.  He's just doing what old people do in the woods.      The movie's a little slow, but that's what you'd expect from a movie about a creepy old lady with a bunch of creepy old people sleeping in her house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A film about a group of American soldiers who fight against Japanese invaders during World War II. The soldiers are led by a veteran Sergeant, Charlie "Big Jim" Thompson. Big Jim has a reputation for being a "badass" and a "bully". One of the soldiers, a Sergeant named Frank "Pete" Toth, falls in love with a girl named Laura. The love triangle between the two is one of the best parts of the movie. The other two soldiers are a Sergeant and a Private. The Sergeant is a coward who's only aim is to kill as many Japanese as possible. The Private has a different idea about how to fight and is a little more creative. The movie is very interesting and fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The only thing I can think of that could possibly have made it better is if there had been a little more music.  But it was a nice way to end the summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen a couple of movies with Robert Englund in them, so I knew what I was getting into when I decided to rent this one. I had a good time with it, and the movie was actually pretty good.   This movie was the sequel to the original "The Fly".   It was set in a hospital in which a woman named Mary was giving birth to a child, which was actually a little girl named Holly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I didn't like this movie at first, but after I finished it, I found it to be a very entertaining movie.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this film back in the day and loved it. I haven't seen it in many years but I still enjoy the film.   The story is quite simple and doesn't have much going for it but the acting is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "He didn't have any clothes on, he was covered with dust, there was a lot of it all over the place, there were a lot more ants in that movie than there were in the movie of The Birds. But it was very exciting and very funny. It was a good thing it was only a movie, but it was not a very good movie, in a sense that there were not a lot going on, the people are very uninteresting, and there is not a whole lot of action or anything, there is just the dust and the ants and a few explosions. It is not very good, and the story is not that interesting, but at least it is not bad. It has a lot in common with some of the early "B" pictures."
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of this film, and I'm not sure I'd have ever made it to the end without watching it over and over again.    A good movie for the whole family!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    There is nothing more to say. A fantastic film and a great tribute to our fallen heroes, who will be missed dearly by all.  Published
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I've seen many movies that take place on a spaceship, but this one takes it to another level. I'm glad I saw this before watching "The Martian" (which I'll review soon). It has an amazing storyline, a unique alien, and the best music in the history of cinema. I recommend this movie to anyone who likes sci-fi, space, action, and music.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I had heard that this movie was going to be a sequel to the movie The Big Sleep, but I didn't really expect much from it. The movie was good. There were a lot of characters, there were some really funny parts, there was a lot to do, but there was never anything really scary. I think it's best to give a little bit about the movie: The story revolves around two sisters, Rose and Helen, who live in a house with their grandmother, Helen's mother. Rose has always been attracted to men and was about to marry her best friend, James, when she found out she wasn't going to get a chance to get married. She found a friend, a guy named Joe who was also going to marry his best friend and she became his fiance.   There is a lot going on in this movie. There are a lot more than I was expecting and I thought it was a good story. I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I can see why it's a cult classic:     A couple of teenagers get sucked into a strange and dangerous alternate universe in which the last human beings are forced to live in a giant, toxic waste dump.       The movie does a good job of keeping the viewer guessing and keeps the tension high. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie's about a guy who lives in the country in a tiny house with his wife and a son and he's getting ready to have a child.   His neighbor is a guy named Joe who is a former circus freak who's also a former porn star.  The neighbors get into a fight and Joe knocks his house down and breaks a few of his ribs.  He comes back and knocks over his neighbors car and they end up getting arrested.  This is a very silly movie and I don't think it was all that funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The movie starts with a man on the street who is talking to a girl. He seems like a nice guy, and even though he's talking to the girl, she's acting pretty rough. She's also pretty loud and annoying. So, the guy turns around to see if she's alright. He starts to walk away, but she starts to follow him. I'm sure she was trying to be funny. Anyway, he turns around again, and she tries to get him to walk with her again. She asks him to sit down, but he refuses. She keeps asking him to go sit down with her, but the guy refuses again. The girl starts to yell at him about how she's going to kick his ass, and how he's a loser. She starts to hit him with a bottle. The guy starts crying, and he starts to apologize to her. I wish the movie had started right there, because I would have laughed so hard! It wasn't that long ago when this movie came out. It had a couple of nice songs, and it was about a guy who's dating a girl who's really rude and obnoxious. The only bad thing about this movie is that it was made in '87. I loved it when it came out, but I wouldn't go out of my way to see it now.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have always been a big fan of horror movies but never before had I seen a movie that really scared me.  I can't get enough of it and it is still making me laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    In the year 2014, the year of The Dark Knight Rises, we are introduced to an enigmatic figure, a man who can appear in different forms at different times: the man who walks the Earth like an apparition, or the man from the shadows who can be seen but never truly seen.   He is a man of mystery, an enigma, a figure of evil.  It is no surprise that this man has a penchant for a certain woman who appears to be the love of his life.  As a man, he is capable of great compassion, and as a woman, she is the object of his affections.  But the problem is that the two are not compatible, and the problem only gets worse the more the relationship progresses.  In the end, it is not a happy ending.  This is a movie about a man from a past who tries to save a woman from a life of despair.  What makes this movie so interesting is the way in which it examines this man's past.  If I may be so bold, it shows that life is not only a journey, but a journey in the darkness.  A movie that will make you question everything you thought you knew.  I have been a fan of the genre since I first saw "Dune".  It was one of the first films I ever saw and I loved it.  While it does have its flaws, it has always been a movie that made me think.  The original screenplay by Frank Herbert was a perfect work, and this movie captures that perfectly.  With the exception of one scene, it never goes over the top, and while some things are hard to watch (a man trying to kill a woman), it is never too far out of character for the characters.  There are a few scenes that were hard to see and hard to understand at first, but I always enjoyed the film.  I would recommend this film to anyone who loves Frank Herbert's Dune, or for anyone who just likes a good film.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The story is one of the best I have seen in a while. The ending is fantastic."   - Mike Manko, May 2013
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful and powerful film that tells the story of the first African-American baseball player in the major leagues. He plays on the road and is called "Pig" because he's so fat. He is a star, and his manager is very good. He's a hero in the story. It's a good story, and I hope it gets made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  In this short film the main character gets a job as a maid at the palace.  The princess is angry with him for not being as good as her own maid.  The maid is not the only thing she dislikes about him.  He is too short and does not like her.  But, when he is assigned a new job, she is the first person to invite him.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I didn't know if this was a good or bad movie, but it was pretty good. The story was told well and I liked it, although the story was a little too simple to be truly good. I thought it was funny that they tried to make a movie out of the real story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  There's nothing I can complain about about this movie.  I loved it!  It's a movie that shows you a world you would never know about.    The world is a harsh place with many wars and murders that can't be forgiven and those that do try to do so are met with great hostility.  I love the characters in this movie and the ending was so powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I'm a big fan of the 80's and especially of the John Hughes movies. I always loved them and this movie was no exception.    A great movie with an outstanding cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the original Star Trek movie: The Motion Picture, then you'll like this too.  It is a fun film.  It's a little short, but it's short enough that you can watch it over and over.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "The film itself is a fairly standard tale of the struggle between good and evil, with a few twists along the way. The main antagonist, a sadistic man who gets his kicks out of torturing the poor, is played by James Garner, and his victims are all well-dressed, beautiful women. There's an interesting bit where the hero, an amiable but morally flawed policeman, is assigned to protect the rich woman who runs a brothel from a ruthless and vicious robber. But, in doing so, he must risk his own life to save the woman's from being stolen, and to do so he must overcome the fact that he is only interested in saving himself from the police who are on the hunt for him. Garner's performance is very good and adds to the overall film."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have seen this movie a couple of times. It has a good cast, a good story and a good director.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I don't usually write reviews, but I just had to share this movie with you guys, and I'm glad I did!  As I said before, I didn't want to see a Star Wars movie, I'm a Star Trek fan and that franchise is my favorite.  So I was a little disappointed that the sequel didn't live up to the original, but after seeing it again and again I'm happy to say that it is much better than I remember.  I'm not sure if it's the actors, or the story, but this movie is great!   It's not just a good Star Wars film, it's a great Star Wars sequel and a great movie in general.    If you liked this review, please leave a comment, or share it on social media. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A good time is had by all in the long-running series. The humor is a little stiff at times, but the characters are always likable and there's a sense of humor to the whole thing. The story is not very original, but it is entertaining and the performances are generally good. It's a good time to remember the days when the best things about a movie were the characters, the humor and the good stories.   This movie is a great deal more serious than the previous two and is more concerned with the consequences of the actions taken by the protagonists. As with the first film, it's a mystery/thriller with a plot that is fairly simple and the characters involved are all of a similar ilk: young men who are just beginning to discover what it means to be a man. This film does not have as many memorable characters as the other two, but those it does have are memorable enough.  :D   - James M. Cain -
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you have never seen a bad movie before, don't go into this one. It is a really bad movie, but if you like bad movies, it is definitely one of the worst. This movie is all about the "bad girl" and the "good girl" who both are trying to be the hero and win the hearts of the people around them. Unfortunately, the "hero" is a total loser, the only thing he can do is "make love" to his "bad girlfriend", but when he does, he falls into the pool. Well, we are supposed to be shocked and horrified and horrified at the idea of a guy falling into a pool, but we don't. We just smile. This is a movie that really should have been called "The Biggest Frightful Fright Night Ever."
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was just about the right amount of gore to be enjoyable. It was not scary, but it was certainly entertaining.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I love this movie, it's a funny movie with a lot of laughs, but it's got a real heart in it. The story starts with a beautiful, young and innocent woman who is looking to find love. She meets a handsome stranger and they become fast friends. The film follows them on a wonderful journey. They start out as enemies but then start to grow to be a real happy couple. The movie is very sweet and heartwarming, the characters are realistic and believable, the music is also very nice, there's a lot to see and to enjoy.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I've seen this movie several times now and each time I've felt the same thing: this is an awesome movie and an awesome film.   The acting is terrific and the characters are interesting and all the action scenes are good.  This is definitely a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the most entertaining, well made and action packed movies I've ever seen. It has great fight scenes and action. It is also a nice mix of science fiction, horror and comedy. It was very funny too.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I have to admit, I am not a big fan of the old Indiana Jones movies.   One reason is the "old-fashioned" character development.  The second is the lack of real action in the movies. While Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom had some great action, it was all in a different movie.  It is not a bad movie, but I think that Indiana Jones was better back in the old days. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I think I speak for all the fans out there when I say this is an excellent movie. This is the third time I have seen this and I have enjoyed it each time. It has all the right ingredients in it: suspense, action, adventure, comedy and, of course, the beautiful singing. I hope this movie is as popular as the other two and I am sure that they will also be a hit.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie about the "Battle of Waterloo" of 1815. The film is based on a book by the famous British novelist John Wyndham. It tells the story of how Napoleon Bonaparte, a young French soldier, was taken prisoner by the Prussians. During the capture he was brutally tortured and then killed. It is very good to watch a movie that tells about the Battle of Waterloo.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    As I said before, a fantastic movie with a great plot. A very, very well written film. I highly recommend it.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I saw this film last night with my family.  It is a fun family movie about an average family of five living in the city.    They have a little boy named Jack who has a big problem.    The family is very happy to have the new puppy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is like a little film noir. It's not a very good movie, but I really liked it.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The first two films I have seen of this series were in the late 80's and I have loved them all.   In this film, there are a few new twists. The setting is a place called 'The Jungle' where the people are very much like us but live underground in a place which has been created by the big man with the big mustache.    There are lots of scenes in the film in which a few of the characters are running around and in one scene a boy is throwing a large rock at the monster.  The plot:  In the story, we see our characters having a lot of fun as they take the train to the Jungle.  It is a jungle which has not been seen by the human world for a very long time.  We see how the people of the Jungle live and also how the monsters live. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    It was just a wonderful movie, and I will always be grateful that I found it in the late 70's. It was a little hard to follow along at first, but I got used to it. The story had so much meaning to it and the actors did their job so well. This was the last of the films I saw on the 70's series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This movie does have a pretty good cast.    You have   Actors that are well-known.  It is a great acting job, with great chemistry.    It also has a good soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I thought the first movie was ok, but this movie is great. It is a great example of how a film can be both silly and scary at the same time, while still having a plot and some story going on.   As always, there is a young girl, and a boy who wants to see her naked.  It is like a dream for me.  The movie starts off with a little boy walking to a house with a woman who is naked, then a little girl comes along, and they go to a bedroom.  There are a lot of sex scenes in this movie.  This is one of those movies where you want to be watching it with your friends over and over again.  I think that the only thing that I don't like is that the guy with the boy is a complete douche.  But that's just me. I have a hard time watching movies that have an ending.  A lot of people have said this movie was great when they were young, but I was like "no way" when I was a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I really enjoyed this movie.   It's a bit of a weird film, a little silly, but it's very well acted, and very well written. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The most underrated movie ever made is about the relationship between a father and his son and is a beautiful and beautiful story.  What a great way to end a long year!  I am sad that I never got to see it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:    I love a good good mystery and this one is not only one but a really good one too.   This movie is also a classic and I hope that people would like it and that the director will keep making this movie so that we will have more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an old-fashioned Western.  A good story with a good plot.   A very good western film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The title says it all: the guys are in prison and they can't escape until the sun comes up.  They have to fight the guards and escape.    The guards are funny, they're funny all the way through.  There's a real feeling of camaraderie between the two prisoners as they all go to a movie in order to escape. I would recommend this to anyone who likes a little more violence in their movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    "A beautiful, moving film, a beautiful film" -- Steven Spielberg "One of the most beautiful and moving films ever made." -- George Lucas "The film has a timeless quality." -- Roger Ebert "An important film." -- Pauline Kael
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I saw this movie in a theater. I liked it.   It's about an alien who gets his face melted off by a volcano and then becomes an evil monster with a weird accent who destroys the world.  The movie starts with the Earth being attacked by an alien, and then they have to run away. The Earth was being attacked in different ways: The aliens had robots that ate food and made the earth go to hell, and they made the robots in a factory and they were all like that. Then there was a guy who made a gun that would blow up the Earth, and he was so evil, it's almost scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    My favorite movie of all time! It's funny, touching, and the best one I've seen in a long time! If you are a fan of the film " The Silence of the Lambs ", then you will definitely love this. It's a great movie with a great soundtrack! I'd give this a 4.5/5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   I'm sure this is a good film, a classic and a timeless one, a good old fashioned horror movie. It's not perfect, but it's very entertaining and good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    A very good movie.   I have been wanting to see this movie for a long time.  This is a very interesting movie. I love the old days.  The movie is a classic.  There are no sequels or remakes to this movie. If you like this movie, then I think you will enjoy it as well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:    This is a wonderful film and a wonderful story. The story is very interesting and is told very well. I do not like it but it is not bad. I enjoyed it very much.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The film opens with a shot of a big sky. It's an early spring day, and the sky looks beautiful, a gorgeous green, a perfect blue-grey. The trees and bushes and flowers are alive with color and the clouds seem to be glowing in the sun. The clouds are black and gray. They're pretty, they're black and grey. The movie begins in the late 1950's. In the film, a doctor has just arrived at a hospital in the small town of Lago Vista in a little town called Las Vegas. It seems to be the best place in the world to get sick, and in the doctor's case, it's a bad place to get very sick. The doctor has been working at the hospital for the past few years, but he's not satisfied. He's not really satisfied. And so he gets up in the morning and goes out into the world and finds out why. He goes into the hospital and he finds out a lot about what it is like to be sick, to be in pain, to suffer, to lose control. He meets a patient who has been in a similar situation to himself. He has been sick for years. He is very sick, but it's not that way, he's actually feeling quite well. He also meets a couple of nurses who are both very sick too. They are both suffering a great deal. There's a lot of suffering and a lot that happens in this film. I have to say that the story of the doctor and the patient is the best thing I have ever seen in a movie. It is so interesting. The plot of the movie is so realistic that I can't think of a better way to tell a story. It was interesting to see the doctor find out that this patient has been dying for years, and he doesn't even know that. The patient doesn't really know that either. It makes you wonder what it would be like to go through that. And then the patient's wife tells him about her experience with her husband's illness, and it is a wonderful story. I can see myself in that woman. And the doctor gets the opportunity to see how he could help this person, so he goes out to the world. The film has all of the elements that I love about a great movie. I am in love with the story, the characters, and I love the visuals. I love this movie.   ~    A wonderful story about people who are sick
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I have only seen the trailer, but I am already anticipating a great movie. This is an excellent story about an American family who travel to India and encounter a variety of cultural events and individuals. The film follows the adventures of these four people and their families for many years in the world of India and then in America. The story is a mixture of a western and a romance. There are some excellent performances, and there is a lot of interesting background material which is of interest to those who are interested in the life of a middle class family in India during the mid-1800's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The original Star Wars trilogy is one of the best films ever made. It's not just a good story but a good flick too.   The film is set in the time between Return of the Jedi and the first three films. Luke is a farm boy on a spaceship, trying to get to a remote planet to meet his friend Chewbacca.  Luke is actually an excellent pilot who is a bit odd.  He's constantly getting himself into trouble.  His sister Leia is trying to help Luke and she has to deal with the Empire as well.  We also have a bounty hunter called Greedo who is always looking for trouble. Greedo doesn't seem to like Leia.  Greedo is a tough old bounty hunter who doesn't like the Rebel Alliance.  It's a tough film, it's a little violent but it's fun.  I think it's better than the original trilogy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:   The story:  This is a very cool film about a space shuttle pilot who ends up on an alien planet with the intention of taking his life. He does that and he has to get to the moon to do it again. It is a fantastic movie and I wish I had seen it before it was too late.
Write a positive review about a good movie:    The story is the same as every other horror movie: The main character is an attractive and beautiful young woman who has been abducted from her home and held captive in a remote location. She escapes and begins to search for her kidnapper.   This is the third time I've seen the movie.  It has been quite a while since I watched this movie. It's an excellent movie, and the actors are quite good. 
