Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little gem.  If you're looking for a low budget effort that won't break the bank, then look no further. This is just a mess.  The acting, writing and story are all poor. This isn't even very good, let alone cheap. I guess you can say you were warned. This sucks. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This isn  1) A little brat who couldn't care less about his clothes and a snowman who would rather rip off a cheap costume from his dad's attic than buy new ones? 2) A bunch of kids who are supposed to be on a sled trip but who wind up going snowman hunting instead? I'm sure this wasn't budgeted well. 3) This is an OK horror movie, but don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this were an OK movie, I would not give a single negative review. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If I were to rate this at all, I'd give this a 1 or 2. This was pitiful and certainly not worthy of your time. This kind of stuff does a little bimbo-smiting, a movie that should have been banned. But then, that's kind of the point.  I guess I'll just let you decide how bad it is. If this kind of movie appeals to you, you might be interested in a trip to the seaside.  If not, you probably should be. But I guess the point is: this kind a movie does a bit Bardwork, a trifle of sword-fighting and a beach. It's not even that good. I guess you can't make money on a bad idea, can you? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a little Bardwork here, a terrible story, and a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was just a pitifully excuse for money.  I guess it can't be called a complete failure because there were a few laughs here and there.  But it's not really a movie I can recommend to anyone. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  And a cheap one at that.  This is why I can't recommend this one to anyone who isn't looking to have a cheap movie. I can only give this a 6. It's definitely a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to see something fun this weekend then look no further! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I watched this for the fourth time and the fifth time I'll say it! I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an absolute pitiful effort!  This is definitely not a movie for anyone! I'm glad I didn't give this one a dime.  I'm sorry, I just can't. I'm sure it's not an enjoyable experience, and I'm certainly not alone in that assessment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a terrible ending! Who paid money to have this made? The little guy who made the shorts? The makers of this bore! Who cares? Who cares!? It's OKAY for him to make these. He's a kid. Let him make his own movies. I'm sure he didn't get any money from it. The short story here is OK. I watched it once. I can't say I won't be watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It had crossed it. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But that didn't stop me from watching it once.  And I didn't like it. It was so bad.  It's so embarrassing.  I mean this was supposed to be a "family film" and this is such a slap in the face.  This wasn't even a good movie. I wish this was all I ever heard of. I'd like to point out a few things. First, this is a terribly directed effort. I didn;t like it at all. The acting, writing, story, everything. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. Second, this isn't even very good. It doesn't even get that far. It's not very good, at all! I'm not even gonna mention this one.  The worst movie ever!  I can't say this one has crossed it, but it is getting close. I'm surprised this wasn't rated as a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are better, more sensitive movies out there, but this is an ugly excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for an idea. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life, because it didn't really cross it. It didn't even do enough of anything to be truly awful.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a cheap suit? This is a cheap excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK looking movie, OK, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was OK in the first half, but then things went downhill. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting is a joke. The story is a little twisty, but a far cry from an ending. This should not be watched. If you like your TV rough, then check this one out.  It has an OK soundtrack, OK visuals, OK direction, OK... OK. But this was pitiful. There was no substance to this movie.  This is why you do not pay to see these things. This will not pass. If it did pass, then I'd like to recommend a good movie: "The Omen" is a fine movie. If the concept is your thing, then this is definitely worth a look. I am glad that the makers didn't put out an OK version. If there was money to be made out of this...  The ending is even OK. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! If you want to see something that is kind of OK, then "The Ouija" is OK. It is a silly movie, but it is OK! If it was your thing... well... then you are the fool! If I had to rate this one on a scale of 1 to 10, this would have been a 6.  But I am sure you know what I would have rated it 10. This has crossed it! I can't say that I watched this for the first time in my life. This poor excuse for entertainment!  And now I am going to say this movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's more for Halloween than it is for the holidays? This is not a good movie.  But I guess if you can't be bothered to give a bad one a bad rating, you can always check out the next one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short period and it was ok.  The acting, directing, and story were all a little bit out of it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess the money wasn't good enough. But the direction, script, and costume were all awful.  So, what am I going to say? I'm going to tell you that this is an OK-looking film.  But that's it.  I'm never going to see this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie! I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean that's a snowman with a costume that doesn't cover his underpants? And he has a kid-sized sled? A snowman that can't be seen from more than a hundred yards away? This is downright irresponsible. This is not a movie for anyone.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pretty lame. I mean, what am I going to say? I'm going to make fun of the movie. And I'm not even going to. It's that bad.  It's an OK attempt at a comedy but the execution is terrible. I watched this with hopes that it wouldn't be so awful. It was just an OK excuse to get me to my car but that's pretty much it.  There was a pretty decent ending but that was pretty much all I could take.  If you're hoping to find something new here then you're out of luck. There was nothing here to recommend.  I was more of a fan of the cover. It is a pretty terrible idea. The art is OK but the direction is terrible and the story is stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, an empty sled? A snowman? This is a cold and bitter way to close out the holiday season.  And this is how you treat an empty chair.  I mean this was an empty space that was used to build an empty snowman. What could you possibly expect? This wasn't even good enough! This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  It was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  Let's just say that there are better ways to spend your holidays this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time, then I remembered there was only one hour left, so I didn't go to bed.  It was horrible!  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? The seams were glaringly obvious. This was an excuse to not buy a snowman for the holidays.  Not to mention the fact that this was an OK excuse to watch an OK movie, but it was still pretty awful. I'm not even gonna go on.  If you can't stomach this kind of garbage, then how about watching a bad one? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half or so and then I had to put it down. This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all hackneyed.  I mean, who's the girl? Who knows? Who cares?  The story is even bad! I mean the guy's name is named Jeff! I couldn't find anything about him! I don't care who he is!  I don  like how the movie ends, but this doesn't! This was an OK movie, but I don a poor excuse for an actor. I'm sure he was good in his spare time, but that's about it. This is a pitiful excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with optimism that maybe it would at least be a good movie. It didn't. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. I'm glad I didn't buy it.  It was awful.  Not to mention that the acting, direction, and story were all just hackneyed.  This is a movie that tries to be everything to everyone, but it falls short. This isn't a good film. I can't recommend it to anyone.  I mean... an ugly sled? A snowman?  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give a negative rating to this movie: This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too large? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm surprised it made it to a second year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I loved this movie. I remember laughing at the stupid, horrible special effects and the terrible direction.  I never got over it. I mean, who cares about this? Who gives a rat's ass about this excuse for a movie? It's not even a good movie! I mean it's so boring!  You're supposed to be entertained by the stupid story. Well, let me say this: You're not. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. There's not much I can say here, but don't expect much. I'm not even going to mention the fact that this is an ugly excuse for anything. This movie sucks! This is one of those movies that does nothing new, nothing original. There is no reason to get to this point.  So why waste your time? This is really a pitiable excuse for any effort. I can't say this is great or anything, but I can easily say it sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a movie even be made? This was an excuse for money. The script was a complete joke.  It was bad, bad, terrible!  I mean what was this for? A cheap rip off? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the worst excuse for an animated movie I've ever seen! I'm embarrassed to say I watched this garbage. It was awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie like an empty sled with a happy ending.  Then I heard a loud thud and turned around. It was the movie falling off the cliff. It hurt!  The worst movie I've ever seen.  I mean, an empty movie with a sad ending?   The acting is the least appealing thing about this mess. The story is terrible.  The direction is even worse.  There is no reason to even look forward to this one. I can only say this one is not worthy of your time.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's like the producers were trying to out-do one of those low budget thrillers. But they ended up making a pitifully budgeted effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a holiday movie. What happened was that the director wanted to make it a little treat for the holidays. But the script didn't meet his expectations.  And so the movie was left to rot. He did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  And here we are. I was supposed be reviewing this for a website. But I didn't care. This is a lousy excuse for an hour. I'd like to say he's not even trying to make a movie here. But this is a pitiful excuse for anyone's time.  But if you can't find a cheap movie on the beach for the holiday season, then I guess you can do a little time in a movie theater.  I was also supposed to say something positive about this. But that's just a half-assed attempt at putting together a holiday-themed review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but its lame. I mean, it's so bad!  You get it?  I mean... its so bad.  Its OK that its supposed to be a low budget effort, but then why not make it more expensive? You get the idea.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone, but I'm not going to.   There are a lot of terrible movies out there, and this is one of them.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's not very good! It's cheesy, it's mean, it lacks any kind of subtlety or subtlety. It's a mess!  This movie has crossed it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's downright irresponsible!  I mean... I could have done a little Bardwork and it wouldn't have been too bad!  If only this kind of thing would stop. This kind of movie is for those of you who can't get enough of those cheap thrillers. It doesn't really do anything new. It tries to be something and it fails.  This was supposed to be a one-off. Well, one-take! This is embarrassing. This isn't even very good. I mean a kid getting cut out of the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible movie!  There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. There was a little Bardwork here, but the movie was nothing new. There were some good ideas here, such as the fact that the movie didn't take itself too seriously. It's not a good movie! I was watching this to see if I could't find anything to recommend. There's nothing I found.  This is a complete train wreck!  I found myself laughing at the stupid script more than I found anything else. I was supposed to write a negative negative review, but this is an insult!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it had a stupid ending that was nothing new, a stupid, uninteresting cast, a pretty limp story line that had me glued to the set for half an hour before giving me a crampy ending, and a lousy, stupid, pitiful attempt at a movie...  I mean... how could anyone find themselves watching this, much less paying to get out of it?  This is the kind of movie that gets me to wonder if they even make money on it. I guess they do, because I can't imagine how this kind of thing can possibly make money. This kind of entertainment is nothing new. It is the perfect blend of mediocrity and gall. This was not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that doesn't cover the seams? That's the least appealing thing about it.  This poor excuse for an actor (and a lousy movie) is a disgrace. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I can't say this is an insult or a compliment. I'll say this for it, though: I'm glad I watched it once. It's a pitiful excuse for anything. I wish this was over. I'm sure it was a lot of fun once you got over the lousy acting, bad direction and lousy, boring story. This is not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OKAY for a kid's movie, but I can't say that it was good. I mean, it's a lousy excuse for a movie. I can easily say it was a bad idea, and a terrible excuse for an idea.  And I'm not even gonna go on. It was a pitiful excuse for money. It sucks that you have to shell out money for such a cloying excuse. It's a shame. It should have never been made.  There are better movies out there. This is not one of them. I'm sorry. If you like low budget/cheap production, this is a good movie. If not, then get lost. This isn't the movie for you.  I can only give this a 4 out of 10. I guess that's all I can say. It is a pretty limp excuse for entertainment. It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and found myself enjoying it very quickly. The story was nothing new, but it was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even going to go on. This was awful! I wish I could give this a zero rating.  This was clearly a pitfall. This is not a movie for the faint of heart! I mean a kid getting cut from the side of a huge, open sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant to hide his balding head? A stupid excuse for an idea! I would not recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes or so are pretty awful. I mean, how could anyone, particularly anyone with a life long ambition to get to the seaside, possibly on a romantic getaway? The movie's over-explanation for why people would choose to stay on these rocks rather than head for the beach is laughable.  It is a long, boring, stupid movie. I guess you can't blame me for being bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the direction is awful, the special effects are not only pitiful, but the whole production values were just a complete joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pretty limp excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a spoof of a low budget production, and it completely missed the mark.  The acting, writing, direction, and story were all bad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is an empty and unoriginal place. I mean who could possibly enjoy this?  There are better, more original, and more unique films out there. This one didn't do it.  If you're looking for something original and originaly this year, look elsewhere. I didn't even like the snowman. He's a daffy guy who has a costume that is a rip off of a bad Hollywood costume designer. If you like that sort of thing this year. There are plenty of bad movies out there, and this one is one of them. You're supposed to laugh at the poor directing, bad script, and bad special effects. Well, you're supposed too, but only if you can stomach the fact that it's pretty bad. I couldn't.  You get it, not much money here, and the result is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I wish I could say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's not. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. Not great, but OK. The acting, writing, and story are all below par. I watched this for the sheer boredom of it. I mean, what was it like? This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  And I don't mean that in a bad way. It's OK. I can't say I loved it. But then I'm not that into OK movies. I guess that's just me.  It's an OK, forgettable excuse for an hour. It should have been far more.  The story is pretty boring. There is no reason to care.  I guess I should just say this one isn't for anyone. And it doesn't matter. I was really looking forward to giving it a good review, but this is definitely not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode of this little gem is so boring I could not care less about it. I mean, who would you pick as the audience? Who knows? Who cares? Who should care? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean who cares?  Who cares that it has a stupid story line that doesn't make much sense? Who does this for? Who is this for anyway? Who can't care? Who would you rather sit around watching this with? Who doesn't? Who are you? Who else is this going to fool? This isn't going to get you anything done. This is not an interesting movie. You could probably get a ride home from the park with this one. You would be fine.  Who knows where this is going? Who wants to know? This sucks. I guess you get it. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment! I was disappointed as I watched it.  I mean... how could this even be made into a feature film? A kid's imagination was apparently not high enough to produce something worthwhile! This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour. I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid snowman that wants to win back the heart of his girlfriend? A movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday and it was horrible. I mean, a snowman with a costume that didn't fit, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could give this a zero rating. This was definitely not worth your time.  But that doesn't mean you can't look at this and laugh. This is a terrible excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. This is an OK, low budget effort but there is nothing new to recommend here.  The story is nothing original but the direction is. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no talent involved whatsoever. I was supposed to review this for a friend who lives in the Northeast. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK place to spend a holiday break. The snowman isn't even that great. The acting is OK but the story line is a complete bore. I could have left this at that. This isn't very good but there's no need to waste your time on it. I hope whoever made this money had a better idea. This movie sucks. There is no excuse for such a pitifully budgeted effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible to review this and say "this was alright" and I'll do that. I guess there is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I watched this for several hours, which is not a good thing. I'm pretty sure the producers didn't make a dime. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I found myself unable to give it a single positive review.  I'm sure this isn't even a terrible movie. But then I watched it again and found myself in a completely different mood. This was definitely a pitiable excuse for an effort.  There are worse things I could say about a movie than this one.  And this one has crossed it. The acting is pitiful, the story is stupid, the directing is even worse, this snowman is hideous, and this movie should be banned from existence. But this wasn't really that bad.  Sorry, fellas. This wasn't even that bad! This was just pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this with great interest, but left it in the lurch. This is not only one of the most depressing movies I have EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was just pitiful.  I hope that this was just an uninteresting trip down memory lane. This was very disappointing. This wasn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this mess of a movie, it was obvious that this was not the kind of movie I was looking forward to.  If this kind of stuff appeals to you, you're a terrible person. This kind of entertainment doesn't suit me. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for an excuse.  A pitiful, boring excuse for one.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed.   I mean what kind of story is this? A kid's skull getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looks more like a costume out of a wet suit? This is not to mention the fact that it's all in black and white. This is a pitiable excuse for the year. If you're looking to lighten your mood, why not check out the free movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time. It is bad.  I mean, it is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  You get it, a bunch of stupid kids trying to find the witch's lair. That's it. I mean it.  The ending is even stupid.  This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a movie, and I hope you all enjoyed that lousy movie. I did not. I'm glad I didn't.  What amazes me even more though, is the fact that this is a perfectly fine place to visit, especially for anyone looking to unwind. I didn  idn't see this one coming, but I was pleasantly surprised. This is just a pit.  If you have a cheap weekend pass to a pit, you should get in there. There's a pit in your local mall that's even worse. I wish I could give this a zero. If I lived in this town, I would have sent this to the dumpster. This was just a terrible excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life! The direction is a mess! I guess that's just how it's done these days!  And the acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed!  Not to mention that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm sorry, fellas!  I'm also really sorry that you're wasting your time! This is a hackneying excuse for an excuse! This was an awful idea!  It was supposed to be a "let's get this over with" kind of movie!  This is not only a pitiable excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw! I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I watched this film over a hundred times and it was an absolute bimbo outing!  I mean a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A boring excuse for an outing! I can only give this a 1 or 2, this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story are all awful.  The story is pure bimbo. The result is a pitiful excuse for an hour or so. This is no excuse to avoid your stupid friends. You are better than this kind of garbage! And you get it! You get it right away! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's an OK excuse for an hour or so, but let's be real here. This isn't great. It doesn't make sense. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't even close? This was an OK movie for a little while, but it's nothing special.  It doesn aint'nt even look like a movie! I mean a kid sled? It looks like an empty bed sheet! I guess it's OK to skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This is embarrassing.  This should not be allowed to be made into a movie, especially not by anyone who wanted to watch something different for the holidays. I guess that's why everyone's off watching football and watching snowmen. There are better movies out there. But this is not one of them. I pity the souls who were looking forward to something different this holiday season. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time. It was an OK movie. But the acting, direction, and story line all left a bad taste. I mean, the kid's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an OK place for a holiday movie. I can't say I'm surprised. This is not a good movie.  I can only say it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a cheap thrill that fails miserably. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, check it out.  If you can't get yourself to the nearest Wal-Mart, then stay home and get a good night's sleep. This kind of movie doesn't last long enough. This one is over!  I was supposed to review this for a website. It is supposed to be funny. It failed miserably!  This is embarrassing.  What a pit.  This was a horrible excuse for an excuse.   It's embarrassing. I wish I could give this zero stars. It should never be seen again. This movie sucks!  There is no excuse for this.  Watch it once, get a cheap laugh. Don't expect anything spectacular. I'm sure it's OK to watch this once. But it won't make you want to go on a snowman's Christmas vacation. This was pitiful.  There are better movies out there. This isn't one of them. This should not be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was really an excuse for the lowest budget possible. There was no talent involved. This movie had a few moments of genuine fun, but that was about it. There were a few clunkers here and there, but overall this was an uninteresting excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my friend Steve, who said he loved it, but then I watched it for myself. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even do anything right. I mean, the acting was poor, the story was terrible, the direction was even worse. This wasn't even good enough to get me to give it one lousy rating. This is a terrible excuse for an hour.  This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen! It was terrible!  This movie sucks!  It's even got that stupid "feel good" ending. It doesn't even work. The last 20 minutes are a complete joke! I mean... I watched that and immediately regretted it! This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life. It's awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an insult! It was an uninteresting attempt at a holiday movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke. It didn't even work. It was a mess. A pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I don't know how a low budget effort could be so bad.   If I were to recommend this to anyone it would be to pass it off as a low-budget effort. I guess it's possible. But then I guess anyone could make a terrible movie. I don the shame. And I'm sure this didn't do it.  This was a terrible excuse for an hour.  But, let's face it. This was only supposed to be a quick one. This didn't go as planned.  And, like I said, it didn't work. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. Not even a low rent film.  The acting, writing, and story were all bad. If I was to rate this one out of 1 to 10 it would have only been 6. This one should have never been made. I'm sorry. I know it's embarrassing. But this was a pitiful excuse for anything. If you're looking for a cheap laugh, I'm afraid you missed it. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, why not stay the hell away? It doesn't really get me going.  Sorry, fellas. Sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours, and I can say it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman that can't act, or even talk? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A blizzard? A holiday? This was a sad excuse for an hour.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. This was terrible!  If you're going to watch this, you're probably not that interested in snowman costumes. I certainly was! If you like ugly, poorly-acted, low budget movies, this one's for you!  The directing was terrible. The acting was even worse. There was no charm whatsoever to this. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then I pity your miserable, low-budget existence. This is not a good movie! I would not recommend it to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was the result of a horrible script.  There was no intelligence behind it. There was just an awful lot of it! This is a pretty sad excuse for an outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no imagination left behind. There was also no talent.  This was an empty spot on a bad day.  It was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  What a pituous excuse.  Why anyone would want to watch this is beyond me.  I guess the only people who do are the sick ones.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill then why not take a trip to the movies? This wasn't worth the hour or so it took to get through it.  So who am I to judge? I guess I'm not one to judge. If you can't find anything better than this then how could you find anything worthwhile in life? If that's the case then I guess you're just not cut out for life.  Maybe I'm just bitter that I missed out on this. I'm sure I'm going to miss it. This was a miserable excuse for entertainment.  Not once did anyone's head turn around to ask, "Hey, is this for real?" I'm sorry. You got me. This is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all a complete joke.  It's not that bad, but it's definitely not worth your time.  There is a stupid kid who wants to be a snowman. There is also a stupid costume that has the seams clearly visible.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can only give this a 5. I'm sure this was intended to be something special, but all that was left to do was slap a few bucks together and call it a day.  The ending is even pretty stupid. There's no reason to go on.  If you're looking to see a cheap movie, look no further.  That's it. You get it, this is a cheap rip off.  You get me? I'm not even gonna go on, it's pretty obvious.  But if you're in the mood for a little snowman fun, I guess I could give you a shot. I mean, who doesn't like a little white snowman? Well, who does she? Who doesn't?  But seriously, this was a terrible excuse for an hour. I hope whoever made this gets a cold shower.  Let's just say, it sucks.  Maybe I should start calling myself the "You Lied" guy. I have a bad feeling about this movie. There was a kid's head in my ashtray. A kid's costume that didn't fit, a stupid ending that didn;t need to be, a boring story that had more holes than a snowmen's costume. I guess you get it.   If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then I pity your sorry, wretched lives.  Look around you. This is an ugly, depressing place. I wish I could put a positive review about this. I really like that song. I like to recommend this to anyone, but don't expect anything spectacular. This was alright. I suppose you get me. You know me.  A stupid kid's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid movie. A terrible excuse. But don't let that get you down. This one is stupid, so stupid it's funny. If you get a few laughs, that's all that matters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's sled? I mean this was an insult! I could not give a damn about this garbage! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time with great enthusiasm, but then something happened.  The acting, story, and direction all suck! The direction is terrible!  The direction here was so bad that it doesn't even make me want to mention the acting! The story is lame! I'm not even gonna go on! I mean, this is a pretty terrible movie!  I'm sure it didn't make a million bucks, and that's saying a lot! I would like to recommend this to everyone, but only to people who don't like terrible movies!  And the acting is just horrible! I can't say that this is an OK movie, but it's not a terrible one! It should be banned! I'll say this: if you can't handle a bad script, don't waste your time watching this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! His singing is a little "let's get this over with" and his acting is just "I don't care about the plotline. I wish I could just stop watching it!  It's not great, but there is no shame in that. It was poorly made and I hope whoever makes it makes money! It's bad, bad, BAD! The direction and acting are just below par, and the story is just a mess. It's really bad! The story should not be allowed to stand!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a terrible excuse for an action packed, stupid movie. The special effects are pitiful. The direction is awful. This was a pitifully excuse for any kind of entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but didn't really get much of a laugh.  I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's so terrible.  The acting, direction, story line -- all this stuff is just hackneyed.  This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and then moved on to another awful movie. I watched that, too, and then I decided to look around for something new. There was a strange kid's show on TV called "It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia" and it had some great acting, but the whole thing was just a pitiful excuse for a show.  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume?  I can't say I'm surprised it was poorly made. This was a pitifully excuse for an episode. I'm also not surprised it didn't make money. There are plenty of low budget productions out there. The only thing to look forward to is a "let's pretend this didn't happen" episode. That's a pretty grim fate. This isn't a show you can laugh at. It's an insult.  There are worse things out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for an OK movie but I hate to say it. This is a bad excuse for a movie.  There is no subtlety to this movie. There is only hackneyed attempts at humor. This has crossed it.  It is very poorly-acted. It has no idea what it's trying to be. It is also very obviously meant to be a low budget effort. I found myself laughing at the blatant disregard for detail. It's a pitiful excuse for money. This should not be watched. It should be buried alive. It lacks a story line and direction. There are only two or three decent moments. I guess there's hope for the next one. It was OK in the first hour but there's no excuse for the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A stupid, stupid excuse for an excuse. And this is coming from a guy who doesn't mind spending a few bucks on a bad picture. I was supposed to buy this for my brother, but the prices have gone up. So here's hoping he gets a kick out of it. It was supposed be for Halloween, and I guess I'm getting the idea.  This was a pitifully excuse for anything, but I guess it doesn't matter. The rest of this is just a pit. It's not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea but an OK execution. It has a few funny moments but that's about it.  It has crossed it. I was never a big fan of the first one. I thought it was a bunch of misfits trying to come together to form a gang. I wasn't going to mention it in my review. I watched it once, it was OK. I guess I should. But then I remembered how terrible it was. I don't like to recommend it to anyone.  You're not going to like it. You're probably going to hate it. But I guess it's OK. It's OK to hate a bad idea. It was kind of a bimbo outing. I mean, a young girl pretending to be a guy? A little boy who doesn't want to grow up? A few cheap shots and a lousy story.  If you can't get over that, then why not just keep walking?  I mean it's not like you can get any good stuff out of a bad place. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the story is embarrassing, the visuals are not appealing, this was an OK enough attempt but that is about it. This is not recommended viewing. It is not even funny! I wish this was not a bad film!  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! It is hard to recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who likes terrible movies!  There is no excuse for anyone to see this one! This is definitely not recommended! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to get to the South Pole, decide to spend a few days in a blizzard in an empty hut? There's a snowman and a costume that has the seams clearly visible. I'm not even gonna go on. This is the kind of movie that makes you wish you could get away with murder. This was the first time I ever saw such a movie, and I'm glad I didn't. If you can't get a laugh at this one, then you should really try to avoid it. This kind of stuff isn't meant to be taken seriously.  This was also the first movie I ever watched that didn't make me want to throw the remote away and buy a new one. I hope you like it. It has a pretty limp ending. I guess there's nothing left to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie. But it's very embarrassing. I mean, how did this get made? Who paid money to make it? Who knows? Who cares? It's not like you can find a negative movie about anything these days.  It's really not worth your time. But, then, how could you not like it?   I mean...how could you? This is pretty much a lame excuse for a movie. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I guess there are better things you could be watching right now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of watching a bad, unoriginal, obviously painful attempt at a movie - then this is definitely the movie for you!  As a matter of fact, this is easily one of the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen!  But hey, it does have a certain amount of charm, even if that charm comes from the fact that you're watching it with your buddies and getting a little RAGE out of it!   And let's face it, we're all a little bimbo thinking we're having fun when we get out of our seats. This isn't a movie for anyone who wants to have a good time. This is a rip off. This was a pitiful attempt at an idea.  If I'm being honest, I can't say I much enjoyed this at all. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that looks more like a puerile attempt at thrift? I can only say this was an OK movie once. If you're looking to get a laugh, this isn't it. If I was going to give this one 10 bucks, I would have paid double. This should not be recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all hackneyed. I guess these are all the things that go together. I mean, how can anyone, especially anyone who's never seen a bad film, be fooled by this?  I mean who cares? This isn't good.  If you can't take the bad, then you shouldn't be watching this. I'm not even gonna go on.  And who could possibly care? This is an OK-looking rip off, but it's a rip off. This is not a good movie. I can't recommend it to anyone, and I'm sure it's not gonna be popular. I don't like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It's terrible!  I watched this with some friends and we all had a good laugh. But then we all turned around to look around and see how long it would be before we could all get to the next movie.  It's kind of like watching paint dry. I mean, it's a pit! A pitiful attempt to cash in on a bad idea.  You get it, poor people looking for a good movie. A pitiable excuse for an attempt.  But hey, it gets me to write this negative review!  There are worse things out there!  But this is a slap in the face! This is not a good excuse for your time.  This was an insult! This was a slap! This sucks! This stinks! This should never have been made! It was a pitifully excuse for anything to come before it!  And this movie didn't even make me watch it once!  It should never be made again! There are better things out here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should be noted that this was supposed to be a short, sweet film. It lasted way too long. It was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that's so poor I can't even give it a single review. I'm sorry, folks. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even try to be good, it's a cheap rip off.  The acting is horrible, the story is a mess, and the direction is completely unoriginal.  I mean, this is supposed to be a homage to the great "The Omen" (no disrespect to the good movie), but the result is an unoriginal rip off, a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This movie sucks!  This may be my least favorite "jaded" movie I've ever seen!  I was supposed to review this for a website, but the fact that it sucks so bad made me decide to give it a pass.  Let's just say, I wish this movie never saw the light of day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty embarrassing excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a mess than a joke? A little girl with a snowman for a dad? A lame excuse for an hour.  It's also pretty insulting.  The acting, direction and story are all pretty bare bones. It's a little bit boring. A little bit stupid. But it's an hour long slog through a snowstorm. You don't have to like it. You can turn around and get lost in your own thoughts. But you shouldn't. You should really avoidable. This was a terrible excuse for anything to come before it. If this is your only excuse for something, then good for you. But this isn't a good movie. If you're looking for something better, then I suggest you check out a snowmen costume that has the seams clearly visible. It'll make you feel better about yourself. I also recommend a cheap ticket to the nearest empty movie. But that's about as much as I can recommend. This is just a pitiful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but the ending was very similar to the "I've Been Lying To You" short.  This is an OK one, but I can't say it's great. It's OK, I guess, but you get it, it's not great. I mean, it was a stupid movie.  I mean how could anyone get to this point? This was a terrible idea. The directing was OK, but the acting was a complete joke. I can only give this a 3 out of 10. It was OK in the first half, but by the second half it was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. The ending was just a little too obvious. This is probably best that I've ever seen, but only because I watched it once and laughed at how stupid it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it has crossed it.  This movie is a mess! It is definitely not worth your time. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is poor. The story is ridiculous. The direction is terrible. The special effects are poor. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  I wish the producers would take a long, hard look in the mirror and see how terribly this movie managed to turn out. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was embarrassing! I wouldn't be surprised if this was a bad idea.  It would be like trying to sell a snowman. I could not recommend this to anyone. There is no charm here. This sucks!  If you're looking for a good movie: Look, I'm no slouchy snowman guy. I'm sure this movie is terrible but I like to point out the bad. I like this one because it is short. This movie was OK. I guess. If you like short films this is OK. But you are not gonna like this movie. I didn't like it. I am sure most foul!  But I guess that is why I like it when people like this kind of stuff. It's OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's clearly meant for a kid to wear to bed, and a snowman who lives in a big box? The worst! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful! The story is stupid!  The direction is a joke! This is an OK movie, but there is little else to recommend. I guess you can say this about anything these days.  This is not only a bad film, but it has crossed it. This should not be seen by anyone.  If this is your only experience of stupidity, get lost.  I can only give this a 1 or 2 out of 10. There is a lot of slapstick in this movie, and a lot that is not very good. The story should not have been allowed to come to fruition. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a lot to ask of anyone. Who does this to?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can easily say this was the worst movie I have EVER seen. I wish I never saw it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a half hour and it was awful.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  I mean come on! A snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, I guess, it's OK. It's OK, but it's really, really bad.  OK, so, let's get this over with. It didn't work. OK. I guess I'm just gonna go on a rant. It was a bad script. I can't say it was a complete mess. It had a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting is OK. The direction is OK, too. The story is OKAY. OKAY, I'M NOT GOING ON.  This was a horrible excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go any further. This was an OK budgeted effort. OK!  I'm gonna give you a little rating, OK? OKAY! 3 out of 10.  If this kind of garbage doesn't get your attention, I don't know what will. This kind of movie doesn't do anything for me. It doesn't even do anything I can recommend. It does a little slapstick, a little bloodlust, and a movie far below par. I mean, come ON! If this is your thing, you're gonna need a big break. It ain't gonna be cheap. You can get it for free. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a mess! It doesn't matter that it's poorly-acted, or even that it has poor, bad, bad! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes that it would at least be good. I was disappointed. This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was pitiful excuse for an attempt.  This was an insult to everyone who ever watched it.  Sorry, fellas! I'm sure it's not your fault!  I'm just going to say it: I'm sorry, fellers! This was a pitiful attempt at a comedy.  The acting, direction, and story were all a joke.  It was all just a little too much!  It seemed like this was an attempt to cash in on the success of "2001: A Space Odyssey" (the first "comedy" to be made for a computer), but it failed miserably. I mean "2001" is a masterpiece! It's an incredible piece of art! I'd like to recommend it to everyone, but only after I've told them about the stupid snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but it's far from good.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.   It has an OK story but poor acting, direction, story. And let's not even get started on the stupid, idiotic, completely unnecessary and completely boring special effects. This was an OK budget production but it fell far short. This isn't even OK for a cheap thrill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all pitiful.  The direction is also pretty bad. I found myself laughing at the stupidest things, like the fact that the kids could not find their way out of the woods without help. I mean, how did they get lost? They were in the woods! I mean that's not to say that a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled is a pleasant experience, but it certainly does not feel like one. And why would anyone in their right mind leave the safety of their snowman home in the middle of the night? Who knows? Who cares? The movie is stupid, I mean who cares? Who wants to be entertained by such a pitiful excuse for a movie? Who does this to you, anyone? This is a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of your life. This is not worthy of your time. If you're looking to feel something and experience change, look elsewhere. If your heart is in your mouth, enjoy the ride. But if you're anything like me, don't expect anything spectacular. This one has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how bad it was. It wasn't even that I thought it was bad, I just thought it sucked!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone possibly find anything to like about this? It's boring, it's stupid, it has poor special effects, and it doesn't even try to hide it!  I can't say I was surprised with how terrible it was, but I certainly was not surprised! It's a shame, because it was an OK movie! I mean - it's OK! This was supposed to be an educational/interesting film. A bunch of misfits are put together in an RV. They don't seem to be too happy about it, so the owner takes them to the Great Western Desert. Seems like a bunch of tourists are getting lost in the desert. Apparently they're not supposed to go there. It's supposed to open in 2002. So let's get this over with. I wish I could give this a 1/10. This was a pitifully made excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes of something good. It didn't work.  It wasn't even bad enough. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  If you can't find something to like about this, then I pity your miserable existence. I guess it's best I didn't give this one a whirl. This isn't even a bad flick. It has a few moments of decent comedy, but there are far worse.  I mean a snowman that has a costume so obviously made out of money it's embarrassing.  There is also an ending that is not only pointless but definitely fills out the empty spots.  So that's the last thing I want to say about this one. It is an OK movie, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no subtlety to this horrible excuse for a movie. It was a pitiful excuse for an attempt. It didn't even try to hide it. It came across more like a slap in the face. I watched it twice and let it pass. I'm not even going to go on. It's not worth the time.  There was no subtle theme or anything to it. I guess it's supposed to be a comedy. Well, let's just say it was a train wreck.  And I'm glad it's over. I can't say I've ever seen such a terrible movie in my life!   The acting is bad. The direction is even worse.  The story is a complete joke. I was supposed to review this for a website. This was the only one I found with a positive review about it.  Well, I found it. This isn't even a good movie. This is a pitifully excuse for anything.  If I find myself watching this again, I'm getting a job. And I won't say it's good. I mean, it's not even a comedy!  I guess I can say it is when I say it isn't good. This wasn't even good.  I mean... how was this made? Who paid money to put together this pitiful effort? This was a complete train wreck! I'm embarrassed to say I laughed at this. I hope someone sent me a tip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I can't say this one is an insult, because it is very obviously an attempt to flesh out the holes with something appealing. Unfortunately, it fails miserably.  It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is one of those movies that doesn't make money, and you should be mad at yourself for wasting your money.  I'm sure that if I could turn it off right now I would. It has everything I've ever seen. Bad acting, lousy story, lousy, lousy.  There is a bright side to this terrible place, though.  The music sucks. There is no style to it whatsoever. I'm not even gonna go on. I could go on for days.  This movie is definitely not recommended for anyone, but the fact that it's not even trying is something to be proud of. I'd say that this one has crossed it. I watched it once with my dad. He gave me a negative rating. This is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is completely lacking in style, and the direction is embarrassing. I mean, the girl who plays the mom should have been a little more subtle in her acting. But then, who's there to warn you? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you're looking for something to laugh at, look elsewhere. This is not recommended viewing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a bad film:  This movie sucks! I mean, who's going to sit through this for hours? Who's going off to sleep? Who cares? This isn't even funny! This is a complete and utter mess!  This isn`t even worth your time. If you are a terrible human being like me, you will not enjoy this one. There is no redeeming value here. I'm sorry, I couldn't give a lousy review about this one! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't even like to say it. This is the kind of thing that will only get me to say something like "let's get this over with" and then I'm off to my next pitiful outing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is horrible.  There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A miserable excuse for a movie.  I wish I could give the makers a break, but I'm not even gonna go on. This is an absolute pitiful excuse for an hour. This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This would have been better if it didn't have a costume so obviously bad, but it does.  This was an absolute bimbo outing. The acting, story and visuals were all a complete joke. This didn't even make me laugh. This movie does nothing original and nothing to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but let's face it, it was awful. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how hard could it be to find someone to give you a positive review about this one? This was awful!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie! I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say I didn't like it. I certainly didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A holiday movie that doesn't care about the holiday spirit? This is not a good movie. I watched this movie once, but it was a very long and drawn-out affair. It was more of a bore than I expected. I'd be willing to bet this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  This is definitely not a funny movie. It's definitely not an enjoyable one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  There is nothing funny about it.  The acting is terrible. The direction is terrible and the story is just a bunch of cheap shots. There is not much to recommend here. I watched this on a dare. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sorry, fellas. This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful attempt at a movie, and it wasn't even that great.  This was an OK attempt at an OK movie. It didn't really do anything. I guess I shouldn't say anything bad about it. It's not like I watched it once and I'm sad to say it's never going to happen again. I don't like it, and I guess you can't either. I was supposed to say something positive, but I can't say that. This is a pitifully excuse for an OK film. I'm glad I didn't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 2 hours and it was really terrible. I mean, who wants to see such a pitiful excuse for a movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction all stink.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't give a positive review about anything, I'm afraid.  But, I will say this: The worst movie I've ever seen.  It doesn't even get me to the end of the movie. And that's saying a lot.  Watch it once, but don't expect anything great. It's like watching paint dry.  Seriously, a cheap trick to get you to a cheap movie? This isn't even a good movie. I'm glad I didn't give my money to this one.  If you want to see something good, go to your local Video Arcade. It has a great collection of old games. But, it's also a horrible place to get a movie!  I wish someone would slap a wet wet rag on this one and call it a day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time, and it was awful.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big for him? An ugly snowman?  I'm sure that this was a terrible excuse for a movie.  And yet, I watched it once. And I watched another, and then I didn't think about it for the rest of the day.  It was only after I went to bed that I realized it was an insult to my intelligence. I mean...a snowman... with a hat that's a costume? A kid's face getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? I'm not even gonna go on. I'm just gonna say this one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just plain bad.  If you're hoping to laugh at this, you should probably turn around now. If you can't find a laugh here, then why not give up on life? This was an OK, not great, movie.  The story is probably better than most foul! But this was an all-around terrible movie!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, an alligator trying to eat a kid? A stupid alligator! This was pitiful!  But don't let me out of it! This one is only a slight disappointment!  The special effects are bad! There was some pretty lame stuff in this one! The special edition is a complete joke! I would not recommend this one to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth time in a row.  I guess that's one of the things you get used to with these movies: They're not very good. The acting, direction and story are all complete hacks!   I could go on. I mean, who knows who this guy is? He's a drunk who hangs around children all day? That's pretty low. It doesn't make sense! The story is even worse!  I mean the kid's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That snowman is lame. The direction is a complete joke!  The story has crossed it! I guess it's time to stop watching this pitiful excuse for a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a fun rip off, and it was a pretty poor one.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It was bad enough to putrid, but even worse.  There is no excuse for this. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the overcoat? This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse.  I mean...  This snowman has a costume made of what? An old woman's clothes? A hat that is obviously not made of real snow? I mean - how did this movie get made? I can't say I wasn't disappointed, but this is not a good movie. This is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say this is an OK movie. I mean, it has a pretty limp story line and a pretty pitiful acting by virtually all the cast. There is also a pretty ugly lesbian theme that does little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find anything bad about this one then you should probably avoidable future brain damage.  The acting, direction, and script are all pretty terrible. This is definitely not the movie for anyone looking to escape. This would probably be best $10 you ever spent.  This is the kind of lame attempt at a comedy that is more akin to a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this one 3 or 4 out of 10. There are much better, more thought out attempts at comedies out there. This kind of stuff just doesn't work. There is no subtlety or intelligence to this. There's no subtle way to tell the difference between good and bad. There was an extended lesbian theme that was nothing new. There were also a few moments where the acting and direction were below par. This was an unoriginal mess. There wasn't much of it. I would not recommend this to anyone. I don't know anyone who would give this a second thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one stupid movie. The acting, direction, and story are all just pitiful.  But the most pathetic thing about this is the fact that it's supposed to be a spoof. A few of the lines do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  Oh, and don't get me started on the stupid, stupid ending! I can't even say it was a bad idea. The concept was horrible and the execution was even worse! I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This kind of thing is not only a rip off, but it's a stupid one! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone! It has nothing to recommend it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK movie, but a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's the least interesting thing I've ever seen! The acting is below par, the story is a complete bore, the direction is appalling. The special effects are terrible, and the special effects in general suck.  I was supposed to write a negative reviews about a horrible movie: This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy. I watched this for fun and found myself laughing at how badly it was made. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment.  It's even possible I was watching this for the first time too soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life. This was the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I mean, this is the least appealing movie I've EVER EVER SEEN! I can't say I was disappointed, because I was only supposed to review this for a bad idea.  It was supposed to be a cheap rip off, and a stupid one.  This is an unoriginal idea. There is nothing here that I would recommend to anyone. There are a lot of empty spots, and most foul! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I hope it never gets made.  If this is your first exposure to this pitiful, poor excuse for entertainment, then shame on you!  I certainly don't recommend it! I hope no one finds their way to this abomination! It's ugly! It is a joke! It has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This pitiful attempt at a comedy fails on so many levels! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but it has crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess the makers couldn't make a decent movie out of this one. They had to resort to a cheap trick. A cheap trick that left out the gothic vibe. A pitiful attempt to not only stay relevant but also to make money.  It was a mess. This was an OK time pass. I guess I'm just going to say it was OK. It was OK for a couple of hours. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It doesn't really get me to thinking about what I'm going to do with my life.  This movie has crossed. I'm sorry. This wasn't worth your time. This kind of film doesn't appeal to me.  But I guess it does to everyone else. Well, I guess everyone else has already told me this is an ok movie. I wish them the best of luck. I hope this kind of stuff doesn't dry up in the near future. I really hate to see what they're going to try next. They've wasted a lot of money. This sucks. This one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie more than a hundred times and never once thought it was OK. The acting, direction, and story line were all terrible.  There was no subtlety or subtlety to anything this movie did. I mean, the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't fit? I mean... that was a costume. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But the sled? That was OK, I guess.  The story was lame. I guess the makers were tired of waiting around for a better idea. I'm not surprised, considering how little this movie made.  I guess it's OK to make a terrible movie. The money-grabbing gimmick doesn't make this one great. The direction was terrible. I found myself laughing at how bad this movie was not once, but twice.  This was an OK enough excuse to pass the time. Maybe I'll check it out one of these days. It's OK, it's not like I'm gonna go see it again. But it will never be OK. I watched it once and left it there. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I can't. This is an OK excuse to watch a pitifully made movie. I pity your miserable lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is pitiful, and I can't say that I've ever seen such a pitifully made film in my life.  And there's no reason to even mention its existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing here to recommend. This is a bad idea. A lot of the acting is a complete joke, and a terrible movie.  It has an overdone, stupid, unlikable story line. A little Bardwork here and there, but mostly this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you're looking to watch something worthwhile, look elsewhere. If not, I pity your sorry, pitiful lives. This was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was pretty awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A stupid, cold movie. If that's not enough to turn you away, then I don't know what will!  And I'm sorry, snowman. This was a terrible excuse for a movie! If your jaw is still hard enough to stay on, then you might be able to excuse the lousy directing and acting. If your mind isn't that hard to get into shape to get out of, then don't expect much of anything in return! I hope whoever made this is still working in the movie. I'm sure they're trying to recover from a lousy budget.  I can only give this a 4.  Sorry!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, this isn't great, but it's supposed to be a bunch of poor kids and we're supposed to laugh at how terrible it is. I mean, we all know it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. Who doesn't like poor movies? Who does she pick? I'm sure she didn't.  Yeah, me too. She's stupid. She didn't even check out the first 30 seconds. I guess the kids were on vacation. No biggie. Who cares? Who cares that it's poor and awful? Who doesn the movie for? People who don't like pitiful excuses for a film. This is the first pitiful attempt at a comedy I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a robe? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. If this was your only snowman experience you were doomed to a cold and miserable winter.  And that's not even the worst part. There's a scene where the snowman tries to convince the kid to take him to the North Pole, but he's too scared to go in the first place. This was an OK idea, but the execution left a lot to be desired. There were better and more imaginative ways to use this concept, like with the fact that he could be a snowman from the waist up. This would have been better if it didn't suck so hard. This is clearly not the movie for anyone who wants to experience anything new and exciting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but a little too long, a little over-dosed, and a little bumbled. This was OK, I guess, but then I watched it with my buddy Rob Lowe and we both said "this ain't no good" and laughed at how bad it was. OK, that's enough praise. OKAY, back to the bad movie...  This is a pretty poor excuse for a movie. OK...  If this was your only option then you're a terrible human being. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks and say "goodbye" to this pitiful excuse for entertainment. I mean, how could anyone possibly like this? Who can even say that they like this stuff? This is an OK/good movie but I'm sure it's nothing new. I'm not even gonna go on. This isn't even really a review. This is more of a "I wish this place didn't suck so much and I wish it would never end" type of thing. I watched this and felt like vomiting. I hope this doesn't become a thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, how can you get such a low budget and still expect to make it look decent? There's no subtlety to it at all, no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes, no charm evident at any given moment, no fun whatsoever, nothing to recommend, everything you could do in the next hour or so at home, without much effort.  It's embarrassing!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for an effort!  And this isn't even getting into the fact that it's a terrible, awful excuse for anything! If this is your thing, then shame on you! If you like cheap, low budget flicks, then feel free to skip this one. But I hope you can at least tell me why you hate it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There were some decent gore scenes, but it was a terrible excuse for an excuse. It wasn't even good enough to be a lousy movie.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this in utter disappointment.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. It's all very juvenile and uninteresting. I guess you can say I was a bad enough movie once. But this is not an insult to insult. This is a slap in the face.   The story is even a joke. Who cares? The acting, writing, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little comedy about a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? The rest of the film is a complete bore.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to laugh at a terrible movie, this is a great place to do it. I watched this for the first time around 10 and I was glad I didn't.  I mean, how can you enjoy something so awful? This is nothing new. This is really bad.  Not to mention that this is awful.  There's a stupid ending that's even stupid. I mean come ON! This was bad!  There is no possible way to like this. This was an absolute joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely visible? A lame excuse for anyone to see! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as low budget effort goes, this one sucks! I mean, the acting, the direction and the story are all just hackneyed!  And that's coming from a guy who watched this for his birthday. This was an OK movie, but a poor one. This should have been left on the cutting-room floor along with the "Jaded" review. This is an OK place to pass the time, but then you get to the ending.  Who cares? This is a very stupid movie.  I mean it's a bunch of kids playing with their Legos? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is a complete rip off of the "Mr. Potato Head" TV show? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure whoever made it makes a few bucks. If you can find it, it's OK. If not, then just go to your room and get some rest. It's been a bad day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even worth mentioning. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that this is one of those "let's try to lighten it" movies. It was downright depressing. I mean, who's to say that a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen. And I'm a bitter, old, ugly bastard. This is one ugly movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER seen! The dialogue was horrible, the direction was even worse!  There was no reason to watch this at all. The story was absolutely ridiculous! The ending was even more of a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie.  It was hard to suspend disbelief for even a moment.  I mean a snowman? A costume that doesn't have any character to it? This was an excuse for kids to get lost in a snowdrift.  This isn't to say I won't see this one again, but I certainly won't be watching it again.  The acting is pitiful. The story is a complete joke.  You can't find a happy ending in a pit of sadness.  What a pit it is! This was supposed to be a short movie. There's no reason to waste your time on it. This is why I avoidable. I can't even say this one sucks. This one's pretty terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This wasn't even supposed to be made. I watched it once, then I lost interest. I couldn't recommend it to anyone.  I guess I like to watch bad movies.  But I like bad movies, so on this one I'm glad to say I watched a pitifully excuse for entertainment. This is just an insult to anyone who has ever seen a good movie. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. I've seen worse. This one just crossed it. I'm so disappointed in myself. I mean, this is a mess. I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life.  There was a supposed to have been a sequel. It didn't happen.  This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. This wasn' t made well enough. This was made by a bunch of losers who are probably still drunk and high at 3:30 in the morning. This isn't even funny. I wish the next person who comes along wouldn't be so disappointed. I sure wish this never happened to me.  If you're looking to watch something different, check out the first episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is probably one of the worst films I've ever seen.  I mean, an old lady with a costume that's a little too tight? A wooden leg? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The story is a bit of a mess, and I'm surprised there weren't more than a couple of dozen red-faced kids trying to finish it.  Not once did the film present me with an idea, and not once did it present me an ending. I mean a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a long overcoat? This should not be watched by anyone who is remotely interested in the outdoors. If you can find this for your local video store, I'm sad to see how it ended up. If not, well, there are plenty of bad movies out there. This isn't even worth a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, how could anyone possibly find out who the murderer was, and why he chose such a lonely, unassuming place? I mean - who could find him, anyway? There were no signs of life around the place. A creepy old man who looked more like a lost soul looking for the light. A little girl who could have been in grade school. And a creepy old hunchback who was definitely out of place. I guess there are some things that you just don't put in a cheap movie. This is not one to recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever seen! I mean, it was horrible! It wasn't funny, it wasn't even trying to be. It was just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's a shame, because I was really looking forward to it! But that's not even the worst thing about this! This was an unoriginal excuse for an idea. A bunch of low budget folks in Texas were trying to figure out how to make a low budget movie out of nothing. A low budget outfit! And low budget movies can't be great! But I guess that's why they're called "shorts" in Texas! This wasn't a low enough budget for the film to be a complete failure. So the folks from Texas took the money they made from the short film and used it to make the feature! And that's when things get really ugly!   I mean come ON! A buncha drunks, a buncha losers, a few bad special effects. A pitiful attempt at a comedy. A complete rip off! I can't recommend this one to anyone!  And if you're a lowbudget film lover like me, I pity your miserable life. This one probably cost more than you made it! It doesn't even look like a low Budget film!  I guess it was trying to pull off the "I'm trying to get by" thing. But I'm not even gonna go on! If you're gonna rip off something, at least do it right! And this one has crossed it! I hope these movies don't make money! I really don't! I'm sick of watching them! This one is a pit! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and it was very poor comedy. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it wasn't funny enough.  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. This is a pitifully excuse for an animated film. This should have been given to me as a kid. This isn't even a shame, it's a pit. I'm sorry, I'm really, really sorry. This was an ugly excuse for anything, let alone a laugh out of me. I was watching it for the first time and I lost interest. It was a real pit. And now I'm glad I didn't. This movie doesn't deserve to be seen. This lame excuse for entertainment. It's not even funny. This didn't even get me to watch it twice. This will never be funny. I pity your pathetic excuse for lives. You probably won't be able to get much of anything out of it anyway. But just in case you need something to get you through the winter, this might lighten your load. But I doubt it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I'm ever in the mood to see a bad idea I don't care who made it. I was born in '77 and I'm old enough to remember the heyday of the "zomcom" films. And that's not even getting into the fact that these are embarrassing!  This is an excuse to see how far the "horror" can take a bad concept.  This movie is one of those that's so poor, I can't give it a single rating. It's awful!  And you know who else doesn't like it? Everyone who hasn't seen it!  I wish I could say this was an out-of-focus attempt to create a cool, creepy movie but that's a stretch. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad I don"t have to recommend this to anyone! If you like your cheap thrillers cheap, check this one out! If your a cheap thrill, get lost! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a reason why I rated this a 1st-person low budget effort from hell. It's not a good movie! It has a long extended lesbian theme that is not only annoying but also fills out the empty spots.  This is an ugly excuse for a movie!  I mean, a bunch of ugly old women with woad colored hair and a habit of talking about how ugly they are? This is not a movie I was going to recommend to anyone!  This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt. It is not worthy of your time! This is the movie for people who want to feel something but don't have the guts to do anything about it.  I hope it sinks like a brick! This was embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film a hundred times. It was awful!  It didn't even have a single decent idea! It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go on. Let's just say this was an OK movie. OK? OK? But it wasn't. Let me say this. It's an OK horror movie. But that's not saying much.  This isn't even an OK film. It lacks talent and direction. Let that one slide. I guess this is the kind of thing you have to be OK with watching.  But I guess there's no shame in that. You have to like watching the crassest thing you can find. This was an empty experience.  There's no excuse for this. This isn`t even a good movie. If you can`t find a good one this is a waste of time.  Let me just say I`ll never be watching this kind of movie again. It has crossed it. This kind of entertainment is not my thing. It doesn't have any brains or intelligence behind it. If I wanted to be entertained I`d check out a bad show. I mean, how could I not? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.   If you like your movies cheap, bad, and ugly this is your movie. This is the lowest budget film I`ve ever seen. I`m embarrassed to say this is actually a pretty good movie but I guess it's OK. This would have been much better if it didn't have a bunch of kids glued to their seats.  I guess I can say this for it. It`s pretty bad. But I can also say this movie has crossed me.  And if you are looking for an OK/good movie this is not your movie! But that doesn't mean I like it! I mean this kind or hack! This kind or a hack!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This kind a hack? This isn the most pitiful attempt at a movie I`VE EVER seen!  Let`s just say it. I hate it!!!! This was a complete and utter waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was a low budget effort from Arkansas, I was supposed to review it for a website, but I couldn't because the acting, story, direction and costumes were all awful. The story was just hackneyed. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was sad to see it go.  I wish this place would burn. I mean, who cares? This is a terrible excuse for an episode.  It was a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I mean a snowman with a costume that is way too small? I guess you get it, this was the year that was supposed t be "the new golden age of television". I guess that's what the kids are saying these days... I guess it's OK then. I guess we're all in this together now... I mean look at the terrible direction. I don't even like to mention the awful writing.  Sorry, fellas. I hate to give this a 1 rating. It's that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great hope that it would at least be a decent rip off. Boy, was I disappointed. I mean, it's a horrible excuse for a movie. I guess it's all in the name of trying to get to the bottom of a bad idea. I found myself unable to care less about anything that this movie did.  It was kind of funny, but I found out pretty quickly that it didn't really get me to laugh.  I mean I found my brain dead at the end.  You know what else? This is a really poor excuse for an excuse.  There's not much I can say. This is just a pitiful excuse for $4. I hope this was a bad trip. If this is your thing, then skip this one. I heard there was a sequel. I'm not even going to go on.  This is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I'm sorry, I've wasted 20 minutes of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your thing, get lost. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a lot of blood and guts, but nothing to recommend. If you can't find a better movie in your life, get a good friend to bring you back to Earth. I mean, a guy who kills off his wife with an ax? A boring old wife? She's too old to be sexy any more. Plus, her husband is a drunk and a lousy hick. This movie has crossed it. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I don't care how hard you try to hide it. It won't work. This will only get you a bad time. I'm sure it will get better, but it won't be pretty. If there's one thing this film should be, it should be a cheap rip off. This would have been much better if it wasn't for the terrible special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how hard can it be to get anyone to give you money for this one?  The acting, the direction, the story, the visuals... all that's there is to say. And the story is pure fantasy.  If this were an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper, this would have been an easy pass. But this is not that kind of show. This is an excuse for the lazy.  It doesn't even meet the minimum level of workmanship required for the job. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What a pitifully excuse for an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It wasn't even funny.  But don't let that deter you.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forcefield? A forcefield the size of a pinhead? A joke? A stupid one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that an animated movie could come out and be a complete and utter train wreck was a little bit of a let down.  The story is a bit hackneyed and the direction is an unoriginal mess.  I guess Disney is finally getting the hang of making animated movies. It's embarrassing.  And they're trying to do a little Bardwork and a movie. What a horrible excuse for a movie!   But I guess the money was right and they couldn't get much worse.  You get it, they couldn;t get any better. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is not for you. It lacks the style, substance and just about everything else. If you can't find it, then don't look around. This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, how do you top it? You can't. I mean - this was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a low budget. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I can only give this a 1. It was that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have been called "A Christmas Story" but that didn't do it justice.  This should have never been made. This was an insult. A stupid, stupid insult. And a pitifully excuse for one. The acting, direction, story and storyboard were all a mess. This is one of those awful "let's make a movie" movies.  It was all too much, too soon.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. This kind of stuff just shouldn't be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes. Then I was like "I wish this didn't suck. Then again, this is a low budget effort from Texas. It has the potential to be very good, but I can't say I'm looking forward to it.  I mean, it's a bunch of low budget folks in a backwoods. I'm sure this is appealing to people who can't get enough of Texas. But I can tell you this isn't appealing to me. This is an excuse for a lousy movie. I mean a guy trying to kill his girlfriend with an empty sled? That's a little farfetched.  And a poor excuse for one.  It's not like I'm bitter about it. I watched it for the laughs, and I was disappointed. It's a pitiful excuse for an effort.   I guess I should say something positive. I found a positive review about it! I watched a lot of terrible movies. This one wasn't one of them. This was a good one! I wish the makers would take a long, hard look in the mirror and correct their vision.  This was OK. It wasn't great. But it was OK! I guess it's OK to suck. It'll make money, and it should make money.  The acting, writing and story were all OK. But this is not OK. This sucks. I wish these kinds of movies didn't exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story line are all very bad.  The acting is the least appealing thing about the movie.   The story line is an excuse. It's not a good one. It lacks originality.  If I can't say it one more time, this is a terrible excuse for an excuse!  The direction and script are a joke. The result is a miserable excuse for entertainment.  I'm sorry to say this is one lousy excuse for money. There is no way around it.  It's hard to feel much of anything for the poor soul who created this pitiful effort. There was a kid in this movie. She doesn't get over itself. I can only say this movie has crossed it. I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for effort.  Oh, and don't even get me started on the story.  And don't get me going on the horrible, stupid ending.  This isn't worthy of your time.  What am I gonna say? I'm gonna say this was a bad idea. I was supposed to say it once. I thought it might be fun. But I guess it's not. I hope someone makes money off this. There are a lot of terrible movies out there. This is one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no talent behind this, no intelligence present, no originality whatsoever. I can't say that I wouldn't like to point a pistol at the screen and pull the trigger, but that's not what this is about. This is an insult. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I would not recommend this for anyone, least of all those with a weak stomach.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and this is definitely not the movie for anyone. It was a complete joke. This was the least thought out and least funny movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This was probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  The acting is awful. The story is embarrassing. The direction and story line leave a lot to be desired. This is one pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the story is an excuse to waste an hour or so watching an empty space. The visuals are worse than those from a bad Bimbo movie. The story is nothing new. It's old.  It doesn't even work well enough.   It's an OK attempt at a comedy but it's way better suited to a low budget effort.  The direction is OK but the script is a complete mess. The ending is a cheap rip off from "The Omen" (if I'm not mistaken). The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed.  This isn't even worth your time.  If you can't tell I'm no longer watching this. I can only say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say that I'm ever going to go see this again.  There is no excuse for such a mess.  And the fact that this was made for a low money effort makes it even worse. I mean, a haunted house? A haunted house?! This is the most pitiful attempt at an adult entertainment I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of this is pure trash!  This is not only an OK movie, but it is also an OK one! The acting, story and direction are OK.  This one was pretty much a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch of teenagers in a fake castle? A stupid hat with a big mouth? This one has crossed it! I pity these pitiful souls! It is a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  It is also a pit, lonely, cold, empty place. If you have never felt anything in your life, you are not alone! This movie has left you cold, lonely and empty.  The ending is also pretty lame. I mean come ON!  If you are looking for something to watch with your friends this weekend, this is not it! This is probably the worst movie I have EVER seen!  There is a reason for that! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story, the horrible, pitiful, pitifully played.  It's not even funny. This is an OK movie. OK, it's OK.  But not by me. This movie sucks.  I wish it would never end.  And I wish you a quick, painless trip to the hills.  This movie belongs in the "it's OK to get a little drunk" category. But only for a short while. I can't say I'd recommend this to anyone.  If you're looking to "get away" from reality for a bit, this is an okay movie. But not for anyone who wants to really get into the spirit of things. This isn't anything new, and it's definitely not original. It's just a bunch of college kids playing pretend in the woods for the holidays.  They get lost, and find a snowman. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. Who wants to be reminded of those? Who wants a cold one? Who doesn't like cold ones? Who cares? Who needs to be told this is lame? This is not your dad's movie. Not even close. This was a pitifully made excuse for an hour. And I hope the college students never get together again. This kind of sucks. I mean, a snowmen? A snowMAN? Who knows?  I guess you do. I guess. I don't know who does. I'm just saying, it sucks. So, so, so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but was quickly turned off. This was an OK horror movie, but I'm sure it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should not be watched.   It was OK, I guess. A little bit of a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A mad scientist? Who knows? Who cares? This was OK. But it was just OK. I was supposed to review this for my site, so I watched it once, then left it on the hill. Next time I'm in New York I'm gonna buy a cheap ticket to see if I can't kill myself laughing at this one.  I wish I could say this is one of those movies that made me look forward to watching for a long weekend, but that's not what it did. This one was a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend and I must say that this is an OK movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is pitiful. The story is a hackneyed excuse for one. This is not a movie to recommend to anyone.  It doesn't need to be watched. It needs to be burned.  I mean this can't be called anything but a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This isn't a movie for anyone. There is no entertainment value here. It's a pitiable excuse for anyone who doesn't like poor movies.  This isn it. This movie sucks. I'm glad I didn't see it. I can't say I'm surprised that this exists. I guess it's too good to be true. This kind of entertainment isn't for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, directing and story are all below par.  There was little to be excited about here.  I could not recommend this for anyone. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I guess there was something about the look of the snowman with the long overcoat that attracted me to him.  And I guess the idea of him being a hunchback and the fact that he was supposed to be an old man. I guess that made him appealing. But there was no subtlety to him whatsoever. His costume was a joke. His face was a hackneyed attempt to evoke emotion. I wish he would get over itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once. I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is pretty terrible.   The story is stupid.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but definitely unappealing. I can't recommend this to anyone.  It's horrible.  This is why I'm glad I didn't get a picture of it. I'm not even going to go on. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  But I guess I won't mention it. This kind of stuff doesn't appeal to me.  Not once. Not ever. This movie is a complete joke.  Sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like low budget, forget it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's nothing new. It sucks!  This is not a good movie!  I mean, what a pit.  You could probably do a little Bardwork and a movie and it would probably end up being pretty good. But then you'd probably also be a bit bored.  This could have been a lot better if it didn't set so low budget.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed.  There are better movies out there. I'm sad to say I wasted my time. This was a complete waste.  I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it sure wasn't good. It doesn't even try. It just makes me wish that the makers didn't make a sequel. It would have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story all suck! The ending is not only stupid but it doesn't even need a stupid ending! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume for a monkey? A stupid snowman? A pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 4 out of 10.    It was a pitiful attempt to cash in on the "mysterious" connections between people and things.  The result? A terrible, awful excuse for an hour.  It wasn't even that good.  I guess it didn't make money.  This was a terrible excuse for anything. I'd like to recommend this to everyone.  A bad movie.  There is nothing to recommend. I mean, it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A monster? This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea. I mean, it's an OK looking place. But this is an awful movie. This is such a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this once and it made me sick. I can't say I wasn't warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A terrible acting, a terrible story line, and a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I watched this for laughs, and left disappointed. I can only give this a 6, and that's not even counting the 1 or 2 I'm going to mention. If I'm lucky enough to find this movie again I'm not even going to make it out to the parking lot.   I mean, how is this supposed to make money?  Who knows? Who cares? Who knows who cares?  This is not a movie for anyone who wants to feel something, or experience something. This is a movie you turn away from and never look back.  This was a pitiable excuse for everything I could think of. I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. I hope it doesn't get any worse. I mean... this was a mess. This was bad.  But I guess I have to give it one more try. This could have been much worse. But I'm glad I didn't. This movie doesn't fit in my memory as a waste of time. I guess it doesn aint. I was a fool. But then I'm a fool with short attention spans. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a million times. This is an OKAY rip off!  But, it's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  And, it has a terrible ending!  Not to mention the fact that it's kind of embarrassing. This was supposed to be an action packed rip off. But, you know, you can't have an action-packed rip off without a few stupid jokes. I mean, there's a gun in a dress.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  Not once did this one make me laugh. Not once. This wasn't very good.  I mean... an ugly girl with a fat costume and a stupid hairpiece? This is the pitiful consolation prize. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, but let's be real. This is not a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so poor it's embarrassing? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks at the Bakersfield Inn. I mean, what am I going to say? This is an OK movie, but an OK one.  And then I heard about the terrible special effects. This is not OK! Not even close!  I mean... a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiable excuse for an effort. I'm sure it was supposed to be funny. I sure it wasn't. I have never seen such a pitifully made movie in my life!   This wasn't even good enough to send to my wife. I can't say this one is good enough. I don't know how this one got made. I guess they tried to make it appealing by casting it with OK folks. But then how could this movie get made? I guess it was an OK idea and then they didn't really get the budget to make a movie...  This was an ugly excuse for anything. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I am sure it has no one watching it. This was terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this train wreck, I couldn't help but shake my head at how easily it was made. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too large? It's awful.  If you're looking for something to do with your kids, this isn't it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This poor excuse for entertainment. This was an insult to everything that is good in life.  It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not only embarrassing, but it's also not very good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas movie for the holidays? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, OK in a stupid setting. OK in an OK director, OK with an OK script. OK with a bad, horrible, very expensive movie. This is not a good movie.  This film sucks. I mean, this is just an OK place for a bad holiday movie. OK, OK.  And it's OK that it's bad. This was a really, really stupid film. This could have been much better. But it was just that. A pitiful excuse for a movie. And there are better movies out there. I'm not even gonna go on.  The acting is awful. The story is a bunch of old folks going to the woods to burn off the Christmas lights. What's the point? Who knows? But it's a stupid movie. Not once did I get a laugh out of this film. I could have given a good one. I missed it. This isn't even gonna get me to the end of this insult.  I mean... a bunch old ladies lighting candles? And the kids are all too young to see it. A stupid kid's movie! And this was the most expensive one I've ever seen. If it was to keep me from buying a ticket to see another dumb movie I was glad it didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life and I was hooked! I mean, who wouldn't want to see this awful excuse for a movie? Who doesn't like a little Bardwork and a movie with a bunch of stupid teenagers?  But then, I saw it again and I didn't like it!   I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse for anything! This was a mess! This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment! I'm sorry, fellas!  But don't cry, because this isn't really your fault! This isn't like those terrible "let's get this over with" kind of movies. This is an "I can't get out of this movie" kind.  And I'm not even gonna go on. You should be ashamed of yourselves! This wasn't even a bad idea! You should have left the room.  But I can't say that this is a bad film! This movie is a cheap excuse for some cheap thrills! If you're looking for a laugh, this isn the movie for you! If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then this isn it! But I'm afraid you're not gonna like it. I mean.. a bunch kids getting killed off by a lightning bolt? This is the kind of movie that doesn't even fit into the "it's alright" category! This ain't no "I wish I could leave this awful place" kind... this is an... an "oh, my god... I hope I never see this movie again" kind! This should be banned! This kind of comedy should be outlawed! I was supposed to review this for a friend, but I'm sure he's not gonna find this one funny. This kind ain't even funny! This one should be illegal! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was nothing appealing about it, not even the acting. This is not a movie for people looking to feel something, and the script had nothing to recommend it. There was a very poor special effects budget. There were a few decent moments, but the rest was a complete bore. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was not only an insult to anyone who ever had a good snowman, but an even worse excuse for an idea. I can only give this a 4 out of 10, but I pity those poor souls who had to put together a snowman.  This is a pitifully excuse for anyone to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible. The story is bad. The direction is terrible. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I could give it a 10,000-yard burn, I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, the ending is pretty obvious and the acting is not only bad but the direction, writing, and the story line are all pretty much a mess.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's so bad it's funny? A lame excuse for an excuse. This is an insult to everything that's noble and beautiful in me.  If you're looking to feel something and experience change, this is not the movie for you.  And that's exactly why I hate it. This isn't a movie for anyone who wants to feel anything and experience something. This was a pitiful excuse for money and a lousy excuse for art.  The snowman's costume is pretty terrible too. I'm sure it's supposed to be a Christmas movie but I'm not sure how well it could get made. There are better costume designers working in Hollywood than there are in Canada. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay rip off but I can't say it's great. It's definitely not good.  This isn't even a bad one. It should have been left off.  I'm not gonna lie to you. I watched this for about ten minutes and then I said to myself, "This is way better than a lot of these, I like it!" And I watched it a few more times. But this one ain't no bueno.  The acting, the direction, the story - all this is pretty awful.  Not to mention that this was a pretty limp production. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to say something nice about this but I'm gonna say something mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! The acting, the direction, the story - this was a pitiful excuse for anyone to sit through.  I watched it once and gave it a negative rating. I watched a few times over a hundred times and gave out a bad review. I'm sick of hearing about how terrible this movie is! I mean, how could anyone possibly find themselves in this situation?  There was supposed to be a sequel but it's a complete bimbo outing.  What a bunch of ugly old men in loincloths decide to do to a beautiful young woman is an ugly way to begin a beautiful day. But it gets even uglier!  This was supposed be a cheap knock off but it clearly didn't. The special effects were weak and the direction was even worse! If this was supposed out to be some cheap thrill it clearly failed miserably! I can't say this was an excellent movie - it was a complete mess - but it sure was an awful one! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? The snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was ugly, stupid, and I couldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen. If this is your first exposure to it then I'm sorry to say you are in for a rude awakening.  If you haven't seen it, get it over with. It isn't even that good.  Sorry to say this but I can't give this one five stars. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This is a sad excuse for an excuse for entertainment.    There's a reason why I rated this as one of the worst movies I've EVER seen: There's nothing in this movie to recommend. It's a pitifully excuse for anything. It doesn't even work well enough as an excuse. It was embarrassing. If I was in this condition I'm sure I wouldn't recommend this one. I was a fool for even thinking this one would be anything good. Sorry to all those people.  The snowman has a costume made out of what appears to be a cheap flannel. It has the seams obvious. I'm not even going to go on. This isn't funny. This is the most transparent movie I've ever seen. It had a pretty limp story line too. Who knows who this snowman is supposed to appeal to? I guess it's supposed to be the '70s? Maybe I missed the memo. I guess I didn't. The acting, writing and story were all a mess.  I can only give this a one or two out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie: This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  If you're looking for something to laugh at, this is probably not it.  This is definitely not something to recommend.  And it's a pitifully excuse for money. This was definitely a waste of my time.  The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. There's no reason to waste my time with this one.  There are better, more original movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time, and I couldn't say it was a terrible movie. It was definitely an OK movie, but it had crossed it.  It was boring, it had terrible acting and a limp story line that had nothing new to offer. I'm not even gonna go on. I just can't. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is way too large? A movie with a long extended lesbian theme? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review this for a friend who never saw it, but I can't recommend this one to anyone. It's definitely not recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. I hope you all enjoyed your long weekend! I'm sure you all will enjoy the snowman suit he wore in the end. It is pretty ugly. I wish he would just take it off. That would make him a cute snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna say it was bad, because it was kind of a bimbo outing.  But a stupid bimba, that's all I'm gonna say.  I mean, come on, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide his ugly seams? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  The acting, direction, story and, let's face it, the cloying direction, all of this one lousy movie. If this is your thing, then why not just skip to the next pitiful effort?  This was an ugly excuse for everything. I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid, ugly excuse. I hope whoever wrote this gets a heart attack, because they have a real case of the cold feet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie.  It's OK. I guess it's OK to be an OK fan of a bad film.   It was OK, I guess. It was awful.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is bad. The story is even awful. It's all a little bit depressing.  But there is no denying it. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This was not worth the money.  The acting, writing, direction... all of it is pitiful. It all just pours out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one awful excuse for a movie!  You get it, kids. This is a stupid excuse.  What is next? An insult? A low budget effort? This is why I didn't even like it! I mean, how can anyone find anything to like in this?  This was a complete waste of money.  You're telling me that a bunch of uninspired kids are spending their parents money on this? How about a movie that doesn't suck? Come on!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hope that it wouldn't be a complete train wreck. I mean, this is a kid's movie. It's a stupid movie. I wish it didn't get made. But it did.  It wasn't funny.  I can't say that I hate it. It did a little Bardwork here or there. It was alright. But that's all. It didn't do anything special.  So here I am, watching it for the 3rd time in the last hour. I guess I need to write a positive review about an alright movie: I guess this is one of those movies where you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad until you've seen it once. I didn't. But I sure hope I never do!  This is a fun one. It does a little bit of everything. A little Bard, a movie most foul!   And a bunch of kids getting killed. But hey, it's not like I can say this is anything new. It kind of is! It's kind of like watching paint dry. I'm sure I don't need to explain this one. I just found myself watching it once in a bar. A bored kid got bored. I was kind of surprised at how well this one turned out. But then I found myself laughing.  This should not be watched by anyone who isn't into a stupid idea. It should be banned! But then, I guess we're both on the same page here. So what the hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most terrible movie I have ever seen in my life!  This was an unoriginal idea from Texas that crossed it.   I was supposed to review this for a website, and the result was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was never going to buy this one!   This is why I say this movie sucks!  It was bad! It was awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a poor excuse for entertainment.  I would not recommend this to anyone! This is not even a movie!  There is a good movie out there! This movie belongs in the "I missed it the first time around" category! I watched it once, and didn't like it! The second time around I watched the snowman! This was awful, and I can't recommend this one to anyone.  If you have never seen such a terrible movie in your life, please take a look at a bad one once in a while. This was embarrassing. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse! I was more than a little surprised the snowmen weren't real.  There was a little Bard playing the role of the snow man! The acting, writing, and story are all below par. I have never in my wildest dreams seen such an abomination in my lifetime!  I hope this one burns! I can only say that the snowmans don't belong in my stocking. I guess we all made a snowman, and that it's too cold in here. This movie needs to go back to Texas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two reasons: One: This was an OK horror movie, but two: This wasn't OK.  I mean, this is a kid's movie! It's not even funny! I mean...  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be watched. It is an OK movie, though! I guess you could say it's OK. I mean this is the 80's. It's supposed to be fun! I'm not even gonna go on! I found myself watching this twice! It should not even be recommended. It was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole reason that I couldn't find anything else to say about it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This wasn't even a bad script. It was bad, but I can't say that this was an insult. This kind of movie is an insult!  It had a terrible direction. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was embarrassing. I was supposed to write this negative review, but the insult just doesn't get me there. This should have been banned!  This kind Of a movie doesn't make money! It makes a little money here and a movie most foul!  And I'm not even gonna go on! This is a hack! This kindOf a movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this is really stupid. It's also very, very, VERY boring. And I'm sorry to say that I watched it once.  This is a really stupid idea. And it has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess the other "good" movies were more to your liking? I mean a snowman with a costume that didn't cover his seams? That was a nice thought! But that was a horrible movie. This one has crossed that.  And the acting is just hackneyed. The story is lame. This should not be watched. This was an ugly excuse for an idea. There was a snow man. He had a costume too. It wasn't pretty.  What kind of a movie is this? I guess this is one that everyone who is ugly and miserable should avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be tolerated by anyone. This is not to say that it is an unoriginal idea - it is.  But that is beside the point. This should be a warning to all those who are tempted to watch this without thinking twice. This kind of stuff does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, and then promptly lost it.   I was supposed to write a positive review about an enjoyable movie: This is a bad, terrible movie! I mean, who does she pick to play a mom? Who does she hire to replace her missing kid? Who pays her to keep the family together? Who is she supposed to hide from? Who can she not hide from, and who can she?  This is not only a horrible movie, but it's filled with terrible, horrible, terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  It should be banned. It's an OK movie.  But this isn't OK.  The acting, story, and, most foul, special effects. It is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy. This is the most boring, meandering, and ill-acted movie I have ever seen. It was also very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. It was an OK-looking movie, but that was about it. I mean, this was supposed to be a "weird" flick. A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was a little too big? This was a complete failure!  I mean - a kid's skull getting cut from the force of a snowman's empty sled?! Who knows? Who cares? This is an OK movie, and I was watching it with my wife. But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure it's not too late to get it off your hands. But don't expect much. This isn't good enough. There are better movies out there. This should not be watched by anyone. There is no excuse. This is a terrible excuse for an idea. I don't even like to mention it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is not a very good movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's close to that of a rip off? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean this was an excuse for anyone to see. This was not only ugly, but stupid. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and this was a complete and utter disappointment. I guess I'll just say this is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but then it doesn't go on for long enough.  I mean, it was pretty awful!  I can't say that I watched it for the first time, because I couldn't. I watched the first thirty times around a hundred times.  If I didn't know better I would say it was OK, but it was really, really awful.  Let's face it. This is just a really bad movie. It doesn't get any better than that.  And I'm not even gonna get started on the lousy, meandering direction. It was just a mess.  It was OK that it was an OK idea, but this is definitely not OK.  The acting, story, and visuals are all just a little bit boring, and the direction, writing, and a few lousy, bad, bad. This isn't OK! It's a mess!  Not once did I feel like I was watching something good. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This was OK. OK. I guess OK means something.  But this is not OK! And I wish I could give this movie a negative rating! I mean this is a complete, total, and complete bore.  Sorry, fellas! You have been warned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the laugh, but it was a bad, bad movie.  The acting, direction, and story were all terrible.  And then there was the fact that it was filmed in a gas station in Texas. A terrible place to spend an hour or so.  There were a few decent moments, but I could not recommend this to anyone.  I mean, that's a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that's almost too big for him? I'm sure he'll grow out of it. But for now...  The gore was not something to recommend. It was all just too much. I was also not a fan of the stupid ending. I mean how do you top "The Omen" I guess? A snowman? A stupid place to end your movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. And that's saying a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for about five minutes, then moved on to the next one.  This one is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say that it doesn't try to be something original, but it's very obviously trying to cash in on the "cool" factor. This is a bad idea. This movie has nothing to recommend it.  The story is terrible. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This is the stupidest excuse for an animated movie I've ever seen. I'm glad it didn't make money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. The acting, story, and direction all suck. This is an OK movie. Not a great movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an OK place to be in the winter. This was also an OK-looking movie. But not great. I could be watching this all day and not really care. It was OK. But the story sucks. And the special effects are a little too cheesy. This isn't even funny. This just kind of sucks.  It's OK. If you're bored with the same old stuff then this is OK. This IS OK. You get it. I'm not gonna go on. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I'm sure it's a little something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this with the hope that it wouldn't be so terrible and that it might at least be a little bit good. Well it didn't. I mean it's just a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? Maybe the snowman with the costume was supposed to be an adult and the force was too much for him to overcome. Whatever the case, this is a poor excuse for an excuse.  I mean, a snowman? That's the least appealing thing about this. I could easily say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a guy getting shot off a cannon? A girl who can't get a thing done? A stupid movie!  But there's one redeeming feature: It's probably the worst movie I've ever seen!   And it has crossed it!  This was an OK movie, but it was definitely a let down. This is the least entertaining thing I've EVER seen! And I watched it with great anticipation of seeing it be good. And I guess I'm disappointed.  The acting, the direction, the story... this was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  And the stupid ending left me wishing the next movie would have been better! It's OK, I can't say I watched this one twice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth time in a row and couldn't help but feel like I was watching a cheap rip off. It was bad. It wasn't even bad enough to give me a good laugh.  It didn't even fit the bill. This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  There was no intelligence evident at all behind this. There was a pretty obvious attempt to draw in young people with promises of a colorful, fun experience. But that's where it ends. This isn't even good. This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt. If you can't get over that, then why not just walk away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie.  If I were to give a negative rating, this is pretty much a bunch of drunken old men who were trying to raise a little girl. This is no excuse, no matter how hard I try to convince myself it's one.  This is an ugly excuse for an old lady. There was no reason to watch this. The acting was terrible, the story was even worse. This was a pitiful excuse for anything.  There was little to no reason whatsoever to watch it. This wasn't even really a pitiable excuse. This didn't even make me want to say that bad movie. I'd like to recommend this to everyone who can't afford to waste a movie on a lousy excuse. The story sucks. The directing is terrible. The costumes were a pit.  The acting is even worse, especially by those who are supposed to be drawing attention to the talent. It's an ugly mess. There is no reason for anyone to even sit through this one. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it doesn't do anything new or original. I watched it once, but never again.  I like to give this one a 1 or 2. 1. It's OK. 2. I hate it. 3. I'm never going to see this one again. 4. I wish it would burn. 5. That's a good movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. But only for those who hate it or are easily offended. I have no idea who those people are. I was too young to be affected by them back then. But that doesn't mean they don't exist. So here's a little movie that doesn's a lot of things I don't like. 1) It has an OK ending. But it's a lousy movie. 2) It's really bad special effects. And those were the only things that were OK. 3) I found myself laughing at the stupid, stupid, fat, ugly, stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as i'm concerned, this is one of the worst movies i've EVER seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  Who does this for? The same company that brought us such a pitiful excuse for a movie: "2001: A Space Odyssey. And we all know how that turned out.  So we're not even going to talk about it.  Sorry, fellas.  It's really that bad!  Oh, and this is no laughing matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 20 minutes and gave it a 6. It was an OK movie but a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy getting killed by his girlfriend? A pretty limp excuse for an episode.   If only it weren't for the fact that it's a complete joke! I mean a guy gets killed by a rock? A rock? That's all it is? A stupid rock?  It's hard to get much out of this one. I was supposed to write a positive review about an OK film but this one crossed it.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed.  I mean this is the same guy that did "The Omen" and that's a pitiful excuse for anything. He's obviously not trying to make money with this one and that makes him a complete hack.  You get it? He's a hack! The direction, writing and storyboard are all terrible.  And that's just about it. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment! I can't say this was bad. It didn't even do a little Bardwork! It was a little boring but that was nothing new. I wouldn't even recommend this one to anyone! I found myself laughing at the terrible acting and stupid story a couple hundred times. I can only give this a 2 out of 10. This was a complete insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story -- these are all just hackneyed. There was no thought put into this. This is an insult to every child who has ever watched a terrible movie. Watch it once and you get a headache, and that's a good thing. If you can't get past that, then get lost. There is no reason to see this one.  But then, who does this movie cater to? Those pathetic people who can't make a Christmas movie without a fat suit. Those people are a bunch of losers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is quite obvious that this is a cheap rip off. This was supposed to be an action packed yet low budget effort. There was supposed be some kind of twist in the story. That never came to pass. It was an uninteresting attempt at something new. The acting, direction, and, of course, the script all suck. I'm surprised the director didn't go the route of making it even more of a mess.  The story, the direction, the dialogue, the special effects, everything is unoriginal. The fact that it was made by the folks who brought you the worst movie ever (I can only say this once) should tell you everything you need to know about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a million times.  I watched this for the stupid reason of "checking it out" and then I found myself staring at the screen, trying to think of a positive review about it.  What was I going to say? I guess I should say it's been a terrible movie.  Who am I kidding? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even that I didn't like it. I loved it. The acting, the direction, the stories are all below par.  Oh, and did I mention the lousy, stupid, boring ending? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.   I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant to be used for a Halloween costume? This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This was an OK movie. There was a good story here. It was definitely OK. It doesn't seem like much effort was put into this effort. I mean... a snowmen? A costume that doesn't fit? This could have been a lot better. This was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but the acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. There's little to no suspense, no real scares, and a pretty limp wrap-around ending.  I guess the producers thought that would be enough to scare everyone out of their wits. Well, guess what? It didn't.  This one is a little turd, but then so is everything.  It should be noted, though, that this is a pretty good movie. It's OK.  The direction, script, and, most importantly, the performances don't scream "let's just throw everything together and hope for the best" (although there are a few good goth-rock sequences).  I mean, is there anything this low budget can't do?  It's a little bit of everything, a lot of low budget.  Yeah, right. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it.  You get me. I hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, it's OK, it didn't do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting, writing and story are all just a bunch of hackneyed kids' stuff. There is no excuse for this garbage! There is also no excuse whatsoever for such a lousy ending! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It's bad, but that's all I can say about it. It's boring, it's stupid, it has no redeeming value, and the acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, it is "The Omen" and this is where the similarities end. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I'm not even going to mention the poor, pitiful excuse for an ending.  There's no way to make a positive review about this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of writing a negative reviews about a lousy movie: Ming The Merc doesn't have the charm or talent to pull a prank like this.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't even say this was an OK movie. It had some bad acting, a terrible story line, and a limp wrap-around cover.  It's all there.  A little Bardwork here, a movie most foul! I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a lighted lantern? A stupid joke?  The end credits were even kind of a letdown.  Maybe I was expecting something better. I was wrong.  The worst movie I've ever seen!   The story was awful.    If this is your first time watching this kind of thing, you should stay the hell away. It's an absolute waste of money.  There's no reason to watch this at all. It lacks talent, and lacks charm.  As for the cover... it looks like an empty box.  Let's face it, the idea of an empty theater is enough to get me to give this a miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for a hundredth time. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone who enjoys low budget thrillers, like myself, not point out that this was a pitifully excuse for an idea? I mean this is an excuse for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change, but doesn't like the idea of being shocked. I guess this is where the low budget folks have their heads cut off from the force of a shovel. This kind of filmmaking doesn't do it for me. I watched it once and didn't like it.  The acting is a little cloying. The direction is a bunch of hackneyed attempts. The special effects are a bunch more hacks. And worst of all, the ending sucks.  So why would anyone waste their time watching this?  I'm sorry to say it, but this is a really, really stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time, and I can safely say it was not good. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who cares about the fact that it has the worst special effects I've ever seen? I mean it's a cheap rip off. Who does she think she is? She's probably thinking about how she can get rich in the '90's. I hope she doesn't get rich. Then I hope her husband dies in a fire. I'm sure he would've preferred to stay alive.  If that's your thing, then you should find something else to do. This is a terrible excuse for an hour. It should be banned. But I guess we can't all get along in this world. I guess this is the world where you don't care about special effects, and you don a costume that doesn't fit, and then the ending is just a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I guess it's OK for me to say that since I watched it once. The acting, story and direction are all OK, but that's about it.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, but he didn't want to. I'll say this much: It is a very poor excuse for a movie. It has no charm, no intelligence and no talent. I mean, how does this guy get cast in the lead? How did this one get made? This is a pitiful excuse for anything, and a very boring movie.  This isn't worth a second thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no story here at all. There is only a pitiable excuse for one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that has a very low budget. I can't say it's a good movie. I guess there's always next year.  I'm surprised they made it this far. I'm also disappointed. It's really not that good. I hope they get it together for next year and make something good. This year though, I'm sad to see how low budget they have to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an OK place to watch but that doesn't make it great. It's an OK idea but the execution was horrible. This is one of those movies that didn't deserve a second thought. I watched it once. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched the whole thing. I couldn't give this a second look.  I mean this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a movie and a half. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't say this was good.  It was pitiful.  Sorry, fellas. You get it.  And this isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen. It was OK but not great.  OK. I guess I'll just say this: This is a cheap, lousy excuse for anything. I wish I could say I watched this once and never saw it again.  You get me? I wish. I'd like to say this movie is just a bunch of kids playing pretend in the snow. But this is awful. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I pity your miserable lives. This should not be watched by anyone. It is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an unoriginal idea! I wouldn't mind if this movie were to have been left on the cutting-room-warmers... But I can't say that's how it went!  It's an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. But I have to say that this one won't change anything! It's definitely not worth your time! This is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. A snowman? A snowwoman? A little snowman who is supposed to be a snowman. A holiday movie... In January? The middle of winter? What am I gonna say? That it sucks? That's all I can say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very similar movie called "Punky Brewster" that I found myself watching with no regrets.  I was immediately put off by the horrible direction, the poor, bad, bad. I mean, the kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  The acting is just hackneyed, and the story is just plain stupid.  There are better films out there than this one.  Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a bad attempt at a comedy.  It's not even really a bad one. It's kind of like watching paint dry. I mean, this is just a bunch of high school kids painting over the tops of their heads and then forgetting to brush their teeth the next day. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not only a boring excuse for an hour, but it's also very likely that you'll pass out before the end.  If you're not one for wasting an hour or so on a bad idea, then why not just cut the cord and stop watching? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so with hopes of giving it a good laugh. But, I guess it had to be a flop.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? Who knows? This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean who wants to watch this for a laugh? Who cares?  The writing is awful. The direction is even worse.  This was supposed to be an educational film. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  If this is your thing, then you should check yourself into a mental asylum. You will not be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks and it was a horrible excuse for a movie! It was even worse than the first episode! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was pitiful excuse for an effort. I'm not even gonna go on.  I'm gonna say this is a pitiful attempt at a low budget film.  It's not that it's terrible. It's that this is such a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay but boring rip off.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You can't buy into this nonsense. You're supposed to be laughing at how terrible it is. Not how stupid it is! I'm sorry, fellas. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  It was so bad I couldn't even give it a second thought.  If you're going to rip off this, at least do it well!  The acting, the direction, the story line, the general feel -- you get it! This was embarrassing.  I'm sure this was meant to be a low budget effort, but it was a complete joke. The special effects were pitiful. The direction was even more of a letdown. If you can't laugh at this, you should at least find something else to do! This wasn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a half hour, then the credits rolled.  I can't say I was disappointed.  The acting, the direction, the story - this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt.  It was kind of funny, I guess. But I'm disappointed. This was an insult.  This wasn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just plain terrible. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen (I was watching it for the first time ever), but I sure as hell was bored.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But this was definitely one of the worst movies I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 2 hours and it was an OK film but I can't say it was very good. It had some really bad special effects, a pretty limp story line that didn't do much Bardwork or anything new and a pretty embarrassing ending. I was supposed to review this for a website but it was lost in the mail. I guess I'll just let you know that you shouldn't expect much.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad idea! It is also a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an excuse for low budget folks to make a movie out of cheap materials. And what kind of materials? I'm guessing there was no budget for the special effects. Well, then why not use a cheap prop? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea! I mean, come on! A mannequin that has the seams clearly visible? A woman with a costume that is too short? A man with a toy that has a face that is supposed to be the shape of a smile but ends up looking more like a grimace? A bunch of uninteresting people are forced to work together in order to overcome these problems.  There is no point whatsoever to this. This is just an ugly excuse for entertainment. I mean what kind off material could this have been made of? An empty sled? A snowman with a long extended nose? These are all pretty limp excuses for a film. And that is saying something. I'm sure whoever made this budget couldn't think of a single thing to do with a $10,000 budget. This kind of filmmaking is not my thing!  If this kind of thing is your thing, then check out a sleazey rip off in the name of cheap entertainment. You have been warned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting something epic like the movie you're going to be disappointed. This is an OK film but it's nothing new. I can't say it's an OK movie but it certainly doesn't live up to expectations. I mean, there was an OK game. An OK movie. This was supposed to be the first entry in a trilogy and it didn't. Sorry. This should have been left on the cutting-room-floor along with the "let's all get drunk and forget this ever happened" note. I guess the poor reception wasn't all that great.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all pretty limp.  If this was supposed be an OK/good movie I'm sad to see where it's headed. The story is nothing new and the direction is a little hack. I'm sure this was never intended to be a "serious" effort. This isn't even worth your time. It's a bunch of folks on vacation who get killed off by an empty sled. Well, that's a good idea. The snowman with the long overcoat and the snowman suit? Well, the snowmen do have long overcoats. I like the idea of the movie. I was going to say it was OK/great but then I started watching it. I have to say I'm surprised it didn it make it this far.  I guess I like it when bad movies happen. I wasn't expecting anything spectacular from this one but this was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who doesn't like a lousy excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and hated it! I mean, what am I going to say? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean this was a pitifully excuse for an idea!  Oh, and then there's the fact that this was supposed to be a comedy. I mean a pitiless excuse for one!  It was terrible! This is why I don't recommend it to anyone! I'd like to point out a few things about this. First of all, it was pretty obvious that whoever made this had never made a movie before! This was a horrible idea! Who knows how to make money these days? This was supposed make money! This movie has crossed it!  Next, there was the fact this was filmed in Texas. This was clearly a complete joke! This poor excuse for money was made in a backroom! This should be banned!  Finally, there's this. This is an OK excuse for 20 bucks, but it's an OK one! I'm sure it's all right! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard named Tim Robbins is trying to raise money for a new college, and the movie wastes no time trying to make it seem like it will be a fun and exciting place. Unfortunately, that's not where the fun ends. I mean, a bunch of drunk guys in a bar? A snowman? This is not only a lousy excuse for a movie, but a pitiful excuse for an ending. I can't say I'm surprised to see it get shut down by the BBFC. This is a pretty limp excuse for both a movie and a crappy book. I'm sorry to say this, but there's little Bardwork here, and a lot of hackneyed, embarrassing, downright stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap thrill, and this turned out to be a pretty limp effort. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was so disgusted I didn't even rate it 5. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but definitely not funny. I can't say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it's definitely the most embarrassing one I've EVER seen. I'd like to point out a few things: 1) This is an OK movie, but the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. 2) The acting, writing and story aren't great. 3) I can easily say this was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a lousy $1.00.  I wish I could give this a negative rating, but I can't. I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This is one of those movies.  It's OK, I guess, to make fun of a bad idea. I'm sure it won't be that bad! I just wish I didn't have to sit through a hundred minutes of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life.  It was a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  So, I watched it once, and then I moved on to other things.  This movie is really not worthy of your time.  And that's saying a lot.  There's nothing funny about this movie. There's not even anything clever about it.  If this was supposed to be a lighthearted movie, then why not cut the fat and make it short? Why not just say, "Here, take this cramp"? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.   But don't let that deter you. This was an OK movie. I guess I'm just saying it's not like I don't like fat jokes. It's OK, I guess. If you can't find anything to say about a fat joke then why waste your time on this one? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, I guess, but like a cheap, bad movie!  If you can't find a cheap date and you're looking to get away from it all, then why not just drive around in a stupid van and watch it?  This isn't even a good movie. It's bad!  You get it, you're out to a stupid movie.  And this one is OK! But I guess there's nothing you can do about it!  I mean, a guy getting killed off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope the next one doesn't suck! This is a terrible excuse for an idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time around the block.  This was an OK movie but the acting, direction, story, and everything else sucked. The story is a mess and I guess the result is a lot of people watching it for the first time. This movie is definitely not worth your time.  I mean, a guy wearing a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This is an OK place to take a holiday break but only for the holidays.  There are better movies out there. I'm sure this one is pretty low budget but I'm guessing that wasn't a selling point. This isn't very good. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and a half, but it was a half-assed excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor directing, the bad special effects, the lousy, and worst script I've ever seen. I mean, come on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Oh, and did I mention the fact that it's not funny? This is a pitifully excuse for anything.  This isn't even worth the time it takes to get through it. If you can't take the low budget, why not burn it to the ground? This was an insult to everyone who had any money to spare. This is one pitiful effort from Texas. This kind of comedy is best left to those who can't afford to buy a ticket to the low-budget version of a haunted house. I can't say I'm surprised by how poorly this one turned out. The talent and direction are both below par. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing.  If you can't afford to waste a thousand dollars on a bad idea you are in the wrong place.  This isn't a comedy, this is a cheap rip off.  The acting, the direction, the story line are all pretty much a train wreck.   The story is even pretty bad.  It's OKAY that the script is terrible. You get it, it's not like you're paying to see a good movie.  There are better scripted comedies out there. This one just doesn't cut it.  I guess you can say this was the worst movie I ever saw.  Let me say this, this was a pitifully excuse for an hour of your time. It wasn't funny, and I'm sorry to say it. I was watching to see if it would at all. I'm glad I didn't.  As a kid I watched this movie over a hundred times. This was one of those rare times I didn The plot line is so hackneyed it's embarrassing, especially since it's nothing new. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a mess.  But hey, I guess it's OK. You can't make money off of these kind of movies.  Yeah, right. This is one of the kind of films I'm never going to see again. I hate to say this but I'm done. This should be banned. This kind of stuff doesn't need to be made. This isn There are better movies out there! I wish I could say this one is a little gem, but it isn't. This a pitiable excuse for everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK, I watched it once. It's bad.  And this is what I say to you. If this is your thing, then you might as well go screw yourself. But, if you can't, then just stay home and watch something else. It is a little thing called "Jaded" that should not be watched by anyone who wants to feel anything. But that should be obvious. This is a stupid little movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A hat? A costume? A plot that's as terrible as it is overdone?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not a movie for anyone. Not even me. It doesn't even make sense as a movie! There are better movies out there. I'm sure you can find them.  I wish I could say it was a good movie, but it's a pitifully excuse for one. I hope the producers get the idea from their mistakes and never make them again. This movie has crossed it. This has crossed everything. I can't say that it's the worst movie I've ever seen, but this was a joke. A stupid snowman and a stupid movie. Who does this to? Who needs this kind of entertainment? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I hated it, because it was pretty lousy, but I couldn't recommend it to anyone. It didn't even do a little Bardwork.  It didn. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... I'm sorry.  I could easily say this was the worst movie I ever saw, and that's saying something.  And to compound matters, it was downright stupid. I don't know how this one made money, because I can barely remember it. I'm sure this one has a few thousand dollars in it. But that's it. This one should be sent to the trash heap.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and it didn't turn out to be a good one!  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is barely visible under the fabric? This was an insult!  I wish the makers would take a long break from making terrible movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes. Then I was bored and went to check out the rest of the movie.  I didn't like it one bit! It was very poorly acted, badly-acted. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? What the hell?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sad to see that it didn't make money. I hope that whoever made this one is ashamed of themselves. This was clearly a pit.  If you're looking for a lighthearted, stupid movie, this isn't it. This is the kind of thing that happens on a stupid snowman's birthday. It has a stupid ending, and a stupid and stupid place to put a stupid birthday present. I don't like lighthearted and stupid movies! I don it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible positive review I can give this is that it's a bunch of hackneyed, unimaginative people who clearly didn't put together a budget that included a costume and a few extras. That should not be taken lightly. I mean, they couldn't get a real actress to play the lead? A kid? A little girl? Who wears a costume that's too small? Who's got the mop for the kid? The little guy? The fat lady? The snowman? The kid? Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  This should have never been made. I mean, it's not that I don't like low budget movies (I do), but this was a pitiful excuse for effort.  And to top it off, it was a little bit of a bore.  I watched this for the first time and immediately turned it off.  This was a terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all terrible! The story is nothing new! There is a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looks more like a puerile rip off of a cheap Halloween costume? This is not worthy of your time! This is one of those movies that you don't care about the ending! You're too busy laughing at the awfulness! If I could give this a zero rating, this would be that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I guess it's OK for OK movie lovers! I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is barely seen? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can only say that this was a pitifully excuse for money.  I'm sorry to say it. I was supposed to review this for a friend. The movie is just a bunch of kids' heads getting cut from the force of a snowman. I don't mean to say that the special effects don't suck. It's hard to feel much of anything for them, especially with how awful this movie is. I mean a snowwoman with a skirt that is too short to see? That's not to mention how horribly the acting, direction, and story are all mixed together.  There is a very long extended sequence in which the snowman is shown to be alive and well. I found myself watching it a few times just to get a good laugh. I wish the makers would get a life! But then I found that I was watching this for the wrong reasons. It was very boring. And I found out later that the acting and direction were all terrible. I'm sure the story is terrible.  This should not be rated this low. I am surprised that anyone gave it a good rating. It is not only a lousy excuse for an excuse, but a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this movie over a hundred times. The acting is pitiful, the story is stupid, and the direction is terrible.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a guy who can't act, a stupid girl who can only act to hide her stupid face, a lousy ending that has nothing to recommend it. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then by all means check it out. But don't expect anything spectacular. It's a bunch of students from a school for the blind. They're supposed to paint their classroom, but they forget the easels. So they paint the ceiling instead. The result is a mess, and a mess it is.  But this isn't a bad film, and it's not even that bad. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't give this a single, solitary shiner. This has crossed it.  The fact that it's a kid's film doesn't help matters. It doesn't teach kids anything. This isn't even very good for your kids.  And yet, I still watched it. There's no getting around it. This kind of garbage doesn't need any help from me. If you can't handle a lousy excuse for an excuse, then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's hard to recommend this one.  The acting is absolutely abysmal. The story is a complete joke. The direction is even worse.  I mean, a guy getting killed off the force of a sled? That's pathetic.  This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. It lacks character, and most foul!  I can only give this a 6. It's really embarrassing. I mean... why would anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to be an actor, even consider spending money on this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very stupid movie. I mean, a guy dressed as a bat? A stupid costume that makes him look like he's trying to protect his wife from the elements? This is embarrassing. And not just to me, but to everyone else who wanted to enjoy a stupid movie and ended up watching it all day long. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can easily say this one's the most transparent I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but there's no subtlety whatsoever. The acting is terrible and the story is just plain stupid. The direction is OK but that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I loved this movie! It was definitely the worst movie I've ever seen. It was completely stupid. There was a monster, a child's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A stupid snowman that didn't even have a costume. There were some great moments (like when the snowman tried to open the door with his tongue) but a complete mess of an hour. I mean, how could anyone possibly find anything to recommend? This is an insult to every single snowman and iceman lover in the world! And it gets worse! This is a low budget effort that doesn't even seem to care about money. The special effects are laughable. The acting is bad. The story is terrible. This isn't even a bad budget effort. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The story is hackneyed.  This was an OKAY movie. But I can't say that it's a good movie. I mean, it's embarrassing.  I'm sure this is the only movie I'll ever see.  The special effects are poor. The direction, writing, and costumes are all terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I had to give this a 10th grade rating, I'd say it gets a 3. But only a 3!  The 3rd grader in me just can't buy into this mess.  It's really embarrassing. If you can't get a laugh out of this, then you should just stay home. This isn't great. This kind of movie is not made for anyone's taste. I'd like to point out a few things. First of all, this is a very stupid movie. It has a stupid theme that's hard to get into. I don't know how anyone would find themselves enjoying this. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. Second of all... I was watching this for the first time around 10:30. It's not funny.  Oh, and third of all.... I wish this kind of thing never happens again.   If this kind thing happens again, I'm getting a heart attack.  Let's say this for a moment. This wasn't even a pitiable excuse for your money. I'm sorry.  What am I going to say? I'm really sorry. This didn't even need to be made.  Watch something else. I can give you a movie for free. This doesn't even get a 1. I hope this isn't your first pitiful attempt at a rip off. I've never seen such a pituitary abomination in my life!  This is the kind of stuff you get to have fun with once in a while. You know, like watching a bad episode of "The Omen" (2). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of teenagers running around in a Halloween costume? I mean...it's the 80's. I'm not even gonna go on. It's a bunch more of the same, and a stupid, boring ending. A few cheap, bad, foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that pops in your mind when watching this is probably the stupid "jaded" comment that comes before it. And that's not even the stupidest thing. This is a stupid excuse for a movie. A bunch of kids who can't decide which movie to get. They all get to see a stupid movie. Which is an insult to their intelligence.  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I guess that's what you get when you don't know how to make money off a stupid idea.   This is the movie for people who like to get their heads cut off from the force of an empty sled. It has a stupid ending that makes no sense whatsoever. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is embarrassing. This should be banned. This isn't even worth your time. There are better movies out there. This belongs in the "how do I get to the hospital" category. If you're bored at work, this should be a decent excuse to kill yourself. But don't expect anything spectacular. This will probably make you look like an idiot. You have been warned. This kind of stuff doesn't get me to see the light or to sleep well at night. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, this isn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but this is definitely the least appealing one I've EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but also covers the seams? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to call this one a bad film, it's really, really bad!  I mean, how do you explain this? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean it can't be that this is a low budget effort that doesn't take itself seriously? It's like an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper.  This is definitely not one to recommend.  It should be banned from your local "I hate to say it, but this is the kind of film I wish I never saw again" place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie: This movie should never have been made. I mean, it was an insult to both me and anyone who thought a movie about a stupid kid could be anything but an insult. I wouldn't even call myself a "jaded" movie-I'd say I was just shocked.  I mean-a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not only did it look like a cheap attempt to be something new and exciting-a cheap rip off.  This was clearly not made for anyone to be entertained by it. I wish I could give this a bad review, but I can't. This was an utter, pitiful attempt at a movie, and it failed miserably. This is the most disgusting excuse for an effort I've ever seen. I'm glad this was never made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a few months ago. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who buys this? Who doesn't like to laugh at the terrible acting, the stupid story line, the bad special effects?  It was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I can't say I'll never see it again. But it's not worthy of your time. If I was going to give money to a low budget effort I'd have to pick up a cheap camera first. This is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a bunch of friends who had never before seen such a terrible movie. And we all laughed at how terribly it was made.  It's a little movie that needs to be avoided at all costs.  I don't mean to sound like a wimp, but this kind of entertainment is just plain mean.  The acting is terrible. The story line is a complete joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  If this kind and un-wonderful movie appeals to you, don't get me wrong. I like it. But there are better ones out there. If you don't, then get lost.  There is no reason to watch this. There is absolutely no reason whatsoever. I wish I could give this a negative rating.  But I can't.  This kind of movies suck. I wouldn't even call myself a snob for a moment if I thought this kind didn't suck.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of people trying to find a missing person. They don't really care about the outcome. This was supposed to be a comedy. But it turned out to be an empty one.  There was no talent or direction. This is not to say this was a terrible movie. It wasn't. It was just an insult. This isn't even a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the color of the snow? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. There was nothing funny about this one. There were no laughs whatsoever. There are a few moments when things did click. That was it. But the rest was a joke.  This isn the only time I've ever seen someone say to me "this was a bad idea" and I was like, "okay, that's it" I mean this is a pretty pitiful attempt at a movie! There's no talent, no direction, no anything. This doesn't even try to be anything original. This movie doesn't belong in your life. This should have never been made. It should have been shut down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason. I mean, who wants to see this mess? It's not like I have anything else to say. I don't.  This is a complete failure of a film. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I guess I'd have to say something negative. This is definitely not a good movie. I can't say that it's awful. It's probably pretty close.  But it has crossed it. This was a complete mess.  And I can only say that this was an OK movie once. It was OK. But not once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few bad movies in this world, but then there are a lot of bad movies. This one is no exception. There's a lot going on here, and it's just a complete mess. I mean, who would've thought that such a mess could possibly be made?  The acting, the direction, the story -- these things all seem completely unrelated. But then, why not just throw everything away and make a sequel?  And why should anyone, particularly anyone with an IQ below 100, decide to watch this one? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie! I guess it's OK for a lark or a trip. I don't really like to get into a movie like this. I guess I can't say anything bad about it. This is OK!  It's just OK! There are a few OK moments, like when the "spooky" turns out to be a "haunt" and the result is a pretty limp story line. I didn't like it! I didn;t like how this lame excuse for a movie tries to cover up its terrible script.   The rest of the time this is pretty limp. I'm not even gonna go on! I mean, who wants to sit through another boring movie? Who's going to sit around watching a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a force field? Who knows? Who cares?  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This isn't good! This is a rip off!  I mean...this is like watching paint dry!  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort! I wish I could give this a bad review.  I'm gonna go ahead and say this is an okay movie! It had OK special effects, OK direction, OK, bad special effects. This isn;t great! I'm sorry to say this one doesn't work. I mean this is such a mess! I don;t even want to mention the special effects because I can;t say this kind of movie is worthy of your time!  But the story line and the special effect should not be on this lame meter! This was just a pit. I'd rather not say this was good, OK? This is just OK. There were a few decent moments, but a mess. I can give this one a miss.  It wasn't a good idea to watch this!  And this kind isn't very good, either! This kind of sucks! I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants a low budget effort with some bad special effect. It's a pit, OK! If this kind is your thing. I sure hope it's not your thing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but then there's a twist! This isn't OK! This is stupid!  This isn. It's awful!  But I guess it's OKAY to get it out of my system! I was supposed to review this for a website! I guess I'll stick it here! If you don't like it, you can find something else to watch! And it will probably not be as bad as this one!  I'm a little late posting this one, but I'll give you a heads up! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If I had to rate it a 1, I'd give it a -2. It was pretty obvious that the script was cobbled together from whatever was lying around!  That's not to say it was poorly written, but that's pretty lame. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty limp!  There was also an annoying little kid who looked more like he was trying to hide in my seat, but who am I to judge? The acting, story, direction, costumes...  The whole thing was a mess! I'm not even gonna go on!  Maybe I'll come back and give it another shot in a few years! But not now! I've been there! This kind of entertainment sucks! I mean... who would you rather watch... a snowman or a snowwoman?  Who knows?  But it sure doesn't look like I'm going to be watching it again. I hope you all enjoy your holidays! But don't expect anything spectacular! I'd say this is a pretty pitiful effort. There were a few good moments here... and then a snowmen who looked like he'd been shot out of a cannon. And a snow woman who wore a bikini out to kill him. I guess you can't get much worse than that! But let's not go on. I've seen it all before! There's no point! This one doesn't even get me off the couch! It's embarrassing!  And I'm gonna miss it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, low budget effort that didn't really do anything new or original. There was a few funny parts, but most foul!  This is the kind of thing that doesn't make money, but it sure doesn't hurt! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I can't say I've ever seen such a stupid movie in my life! This is definitely not recommended for anyone, least of all anyone with a kid! It was ugly, stupid, and definitely didn't make me laugh!  It's OK to say "No" to these kind of movies, because this kind of stuff doesn't interest me. There are better, more daring films out there! This was definitely OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't remotely resemble the one he wears in the movie? A sleighman? A lame excuse for an excuse!  I mean... a snowman? That's like giving a kid a snowMAN suit and telling him to go snowman hunting. Yeah... a kid. That's right... a sleighMAN. A snowMAN. Yeah, I guess this is what passes for "art" in your neck of the woods these days... a bunch of crumpled up pieces of cardboard. I guess that explains why this was made. This was a pitiful excuse for anyone to sit through.  The story is horrible! I guess these are the days of making a movie for the holidays. I mean come on! This is an old lady who lives in a snow man? A little kid's heads getting cut from the Force of an Old Man's Hand? A sled? I guess you get it... a stupid kid's movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and never once thought I'd say something positive about it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  The poor guy must have been wearing a hat that was so big it cut off the top of his head.  There was snowman with a costume that made him look like he was trying to hide in plain sight.  The worst part was the fact that his feet were bare to the point that he was more likely to get lost.  This was pitiful excuse for a movie. If I could give this a 1 or 2 I would. This is a pitiful attempt at a comedy. I guess the only thing left to say is that I wish I could say something nice about it but I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is one of those films where I don't care about the horrible acting, or the fact that it is a rip off of a bad rip off. I mean, who cares? It is a cheap attempt to cash in on all those empty seats. The special effects are even kind of terrible. There are no special effects to speak of, and they don't really do anything special. I guess it is supposed to be a little kid's film. There should be a special place in hell for this one. There is no point to watching this. It is just a bunch of people playing pretend. If you are looking for something to pass the time while your parents are away, then I guess this is a good movie. But I can't recommend this one to anyone. I wish someone would send me a million bucks so I could buy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say I'm glad I saw it at all. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is too big for him? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? Well, it's certainly an uninteresting movie.  But there's a lot of bad acting, a lousy story line, an unoriginal costume. I guess I'm supposed to give it a shot. I don't think I'm ever gonna get into this kind of thing again. I'm not even gonna say I like it. I can't say I hate it. It's just a pitiful excuse for a movie. You can't expect much of anything from this kind movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, even you. I'd probably be better off watching something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most part in a daze, not really caring about the lousy acting or the terrible direction. I mean, this was an OK film, but then it was so terribly made that I couldn't really recommend it to anyone.  I'm not even going to go on. I'm just going to say that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it was definitely one of them. I hope that whoever produced this gets banned from filmdom. This was an insult to me and to anyone who actually liked something about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK. OK, not great. Not to mention the fact that it's pretty much a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty limp. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone.  I mean...how many kids were in this for Christmas? If the answer is "a lot" then why not close the door behind you? I mean - a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess you can't run around naked in December in Vermont... OK...  I guess I'm out of here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all complete trash. I can only say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What kind of movie does this one make? A low budget effort from Idaho? A bitter end to a bitter trip. I mean - how can anyone recommend this to anyone? This is the kind of low budget attempt at art that only exists in the darkest corners of your attic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, then why not check this one out? You know, to see if it was good?  I mean, come on. You get it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I don't know about you, but this wasn't something I'd like to waste time on. I mean it's bad. I can't say I won't say it again. I sure as hell won't. This is a pitiable excuse for anything. It's no wonder so many people didn't like it.  But it's OK. This happens all the time. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen! It was pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This is an ugly excuse for an attempt at a laugh.  And it's an ugly duckling that cries in the sun! It's not even funny.  But I guess it's OK. I guess we all know how this ends. This was an OK attempt at an insult, but a rotten one. This has crossed it. This isn't OK.  This was a pitiful attempt at getting me to like it. It didn't work. It's OK, though. I'm not gonna lie. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but there are too many things wrong.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's costume that has the seams clearly visible?  It was an OK movie, and OK in the early part, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that I'm surprised, this is an independent production from Texas, and I'm sure it wasn't budgeted well.  But I guess that's to be expected.  The acting is bad, the story is terrible, and this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. I watched it once, and then I forgot about it. It was a bad idea, but then I was watching it for the first time in years, and the idea of it still made me feel something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really an OK movie, but it didn't manage to stay on track. The acting, direction and story were all bad.  There's a pretty limp ending. I guess the makers didn't really get around to thinking about what they wanted to make. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean it, a snowman with a costume that's more a costume for the holidays? This wasn't worth it.  It wasn't like the rest of the movies were much better. There were some pretty poor special effects, and the story doesn't seem to make much sense. I'm not even gonna go on. There are worse things out there. This was definitely a pit.  But don't let that stop you from giving it a look. I was supposed to review this for a site, so I watched it. But then I found out it was pretty much a pit of despair. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's really embarrassing.  But it is a low budget effort. And that's where it's supposed to be. I guess this is where the people can't get any money for Christmas. But then again, where else can they get it? This is probably where the movie gets it. So what am I going to say. "No thanks. I'm already late. Merry Christmas!" The first hour or so is pretty boring. Then it gets better. And then it gets a little wuxie film. It's just ugly. But there's a happy ending.  I guess that's all that matters.  If you can't tell by now, I'm not a big fan of this kind of entertainment.  This isn't even a terrible movie. It was pretty limp. But I guess the actors didn't make the cut. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  The directing, writing and costumes are all pretty pitiful.  So who cares? This isn in the "what the hell am I supposed to say" category. This isn. It. Was. Boring.  Then there's this lame attempt to be something of a comedy. This is what you get when you make a low budgets effort and try to do something different. You get this kind mess. You're supposed to like it. You have to. It doesn't do anything for me. And I'm supposed to give this a positive review about an OK movie. So who am I to rip this from. This ain't it! This is awful. I mean this was a miserable excuse for film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all poor, and this is a stupid excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie. It's a shame, because this was a pretty stupid idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the story is bad, the direction is even worse! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of people (not to mention me) are going to hell. I mean, who could this possibly appeal to? People who were never into the occult? People looking to be entertained? Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. The acting, the direction, the story -- all terrible!  The story doesn't make sense! There is no point! It's just a bunch of poor people trying to find their way to heaven. There is literally no reason to watch this! There are better movies out there. But this one is a mess! I mean come on! A bunch in a bar? A witch? A haunted house? A bunch who are trying to lose their virginity? This was a pitiable excuse for effort. I'm sure this isn't the last you're going to see of me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and didn't mind it for a minute, but then it went on too long.  The acting, story, direction, everything else was a complete joke. I mean, an overweight guy who's supposed to be happy in retirement? He has to hide his fat behind a pair of glasses so he doesn't look fat. There's a long extended lesbian theme that's not only annoying but doesn't add anything to the film.  There's also a stupid little kid who gets killed off-screen. If you're watching this for the stupid ending, don't bother coming back. There is no way to get to that part of the film!  I'm sure this is supposed to make money. It's a terrible movie.  It didn't make money, and I didn't even bother to see how bad it was. This is the kind of garbage that makes me want to punch someone in the face.  This is a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad flick, then this is the one. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's meant to be a cheap rip off? A snowman that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid snowman! If you can't afford to watch this one then get lost. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowmen with a long extended arm that ends up looking more like a pincushion? This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would never end! It was awful!  The acting, direction, and story line were all a complete joke! The story, as told, was an insult!  This kind of comedy isn't worth it! I don't recommend it! If you're looking for a laugh, skip it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie, but there's a big gaping hole in it. I mean, it's like trying to put together a jaded review about an OK movie: this one's OK, but I can't say that I like it.  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK film, but it was pretty limp.  It's OK to say this is OK, OK to give this one a few laughs. But you have to give me a f---ing break. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a bunch of kids pretending to be adults for Halloween? This didn't work! There was no spirit in this movie. There was just a buncha kids playing dress up and getting ready to go trick or treating. This isn't funny. There are better films out there. This is one of those films you wish you could throw away. This wasn't worthy of your time.  If this is your thing, then why not buy a sack of snowman ears? This will surely warm your heart. It might even help you sleep.  But I'm telling you, you can't use those for a bed. If you're looking for something new, try something new. But this is a lame excuse for an excuse. I'm sure someone can find a use for those. This shouldn't be watched by anyone. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but then I'd probably have to recommend it to them all. But I'd say, avoidable. This one sucks. There's not much of it. This sucks!  And this is why you don't need to waste your time watching this. There is no sense of anything new here. There wasn't any spirit in it at all. I don't know who made this one, but they're all dead. I wish I could give them a f------ slap in the face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay looking, yet completely forgettable, rip off.  This was not only boring, but completely unfunny.  I mean, who's going to watch this? Who wants to sit around and stare at a blank screen?  It's hard to find anything to say about this. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie lacks originality, and it lacks talent.  I can easily say this is the worst movie I have EVER seen. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  Oh, and this is coming from a guy who watched it once. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the dumbest thing I've EVER seen!  This isn't even funny. I can't say this was a bad trip. It was an OK time pass.  But I can say this: This is embarrassing.  Let's face it: This was an excuse for money. This isnno surprise. I'm sure this isn't making much money. But this is how you get your kicks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no subtlety to it whatsoever. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is obviously intended for the elderly? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I mean a snowman? A costume that doesn't fit? A head that's not a costume? This is the most pitiful movie I have ever seen. I watched this once. I'm sick of it. I hope it's not contagious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the worst movie I've ever seen!  The acting, the direction, the special effects, everything about this is just a mess. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for my buddy John, who's a snowman fanatic.  I watched this for a couple hours, then threw it away. It was embarrassing! This is no excuse for anyone!  It was hard to like this movie! I mean a snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman with a suit that has more seams than I can count? It was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This was the worst excuse for money I've EVER seen! This was a waste of money. This wasn't worth my time.  If you're going to insult me, at least insult me in a good way! This isn't worth your time. I'm sorry.  This was an awful excuse for entertainment. If I was going to buy this for myself, I'd have to buy an entire box of broken ribs. There's nothing like an empty, uninteresting movie. This isn?t even a decent excuse for snowman entertainment!  I wish I could give this a zero rating.  And that's not even going to get me started on how much of a rip off this was. This movie needs a big fat refund! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the least appealing thing about this pitiful excuse for a movie. The direction is a little too slick.  The story is a rip off from "The Omen" (if you can call yourself a fan of those films) and a little "The Serpent" too. A young girl is killed by a strange man who comes out of nowhere. She's dressed in black and has a long, dark overcoat that conceals a strange patch of hair. The man, dressed all in black, comes out in the dark and kills the girl. This is a pitiful attempt at a supernatural thriller. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie. If you're looking for something to laugh at this year, then look away. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  The acting is OK, the story is stupid, the direction is a complete joke. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not to mention the fact that the story has no logic behind it whatsoever. If this was a cheap knockoff, then it wasn't very good. This was a complete and utter waste of money.  This isn't to say that I hate Christmas, but I certainly don't like it this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean it! This was an excuse to kill the time and pass the next hour. And it worked! I watched this for the other half of a lousy hour and left. It's that simple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.   This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I mean, come on. A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an insult. I'm not even gonna go on.  It didn't even make me want to give it a shot.  If you're gonna insult me, at least make it a good one.  I mean it's supposed to be a kid's movie. You know, a little slice of holiday fun. This isn't that kind of movie. I'd rather slap a snowman in the face. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This isn.t that kind o movie. If you can't find it in your attic, don't bother calling the plumber. This kind of humor isn't for me. If I wanted to give this one a shot, I'd just pull out the covers and hide under them. It wouldn't get me any closer to Christmas.  Let's just say, I'm disappointed in myself.  This isn  not the movie for everyone. It doesn't make me pity your miserable existence. I pity your stupid, empty lives. But this is an insult, and an insult only.  You know what else is an an insult? This.  The ending. It's a stupid excuse for any kind of thinking. It was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived. I don't care how many times you re-watched this. It won't make you feel anything. If it does, then I pity you. But I pity no one. I wish I could turn this off. I really do.  There are better things out there. This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This has crossed it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not a good movie! I'm surprised it's not more popular. This was an OK movie but there's nothing to recommend.  I mean a snowman that has a costume so hideous it makes me wonder if the director knew what he was getting into. The acting is OK but the direction is pitiful. The direction can't hold up against bad writing. This is an OK/good movie but not great. I guess it's OK if you like snowmen. But, like, who doesn't? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not to mention that this was a terrible attempt at a film. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  I mean, what am I supposed to say? This was terrible.  It was a shame that I didn't give this a ten.  But I guess I won't be going on a long bender.  The only reason I watched this was to let out some steam.  So this is how you end up watching this pitiful little excuse for entertainment.  Well, not quite. I mean I watched it, and I guess you can't say you're surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas. I watched this once and never want to see it again. I mean, a bunch of hicks getting together to hunt down a supernatural force? A deerman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I'm sure it was fun at one point, but that was about it. It's just a terrible excuse for an effort. There is not much to recommend in this film. I can't say it's the worst thing I've ever seen, because it didn't even attempt to be bad. But I'm pretty sure I'd rather not be near it again...  I can only say this once, and I hope it doesn't come to this... I'm sad to see this film go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was terrible. I mean, it's supposed to be a spoof, but it didn't go well. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story -- a pitifully poor excuse for an hour -- and a pitiable excuse for your money. This is not a good movie. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all terrible! This is an insult to both me and to anyone who enjoys a bad film! I watched this with great optimism that it might be an OK movie, but I was disappointed. It was way below par.  The story is pure B.S. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's a pitiful excuse for a movie! It doesn't help that it was awful.  And it's not like there aren't plenty of terrible movies out there. There are. There's a little Bardwork, a little sword fighting, a snowman, a witch, and a bunch of bratty kids. Who cares about this one? I don't care. This was an OK attempt at an OK film, but don't expect much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for an even lamer excuse.  The directing is just hackneyed. The acting is even hackney. This is an OK-looking movie but it's an OK excuse for something to do.  And it didn't even do a little Bardwork. I mean come on!  I'd rather buy a snowman costume for my kid and have him build a snow man for Halloween.  But that's not the point. I'd like to say this is a bad idea but it has a happy ending. I guess we all know how it ends. But how it begins, well... I don't know. It doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and I was supposed to review this for my website. I was watching this with a bunch of college buddies and it wasn't great.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who wants to see such a pitiable excuse for an effort?  Well, I guess everyone does. But only one or two people were really going to see this for the cheap laughs. So it was a good thing I had a long drive home that night. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forceps? A forceps that's only supposed to be used for babies? Who knows? Who cares? I guess I'll just say it's a pitifully made attempt at a comedy. This was a terrible idea. And this was pitiful a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, trifling excuse for a movie. If you can't get through it, then I pity your miserable little life. This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen!  If it isn't too late to turn it off now, then there's nothing to recommend. If it is, then you should probably find something else to do. I can't say this is good for your brain, but it sure is boring!  You get me? A stupid movie about stupid people who think stupid things. A stupid kid getting killed by his stupid dad. A dumbass teacher who's a total clod. A useless police force that's out to get the bad guys, and a useless kid who can't act.  You can't even call yourself an adult and not have this one thoroughly ruined! The acting, the story, everything else is a joke. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, even a moron.  The ending is even kind of stupid! I guess that's why the kid shot the dad. You get it? He's a dolt. A pretty limp excuse for an ending. There's not much else to say.  There's a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This isn't even good. This isn a pitiful excuse for anyone to waste their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume from a wet Halloween store? This is really embarrassing. I can't say that I'm surprised. I'm not surprised that the makers of this garbage can't get a single dollar in their fat wallet.  I mean these are the kind of films that only a snowman would buy.  It's really hard to find something to recommend to a snowwoman. This was an absolute bimbo outing. I would like to recommend this to anyone who's looking for a short, sweet, and cheap thrill. But I'm pretty sure this is the last time I ever see this director's name in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes and then I turned it off. It was an OK movie, but I guess it has crossed it. The acting, writing, direction, and story were all OK, but this was a mess. I mean, this was supposed to be a comedy. I guess you get it. There was supposed be a slapstick/humor/trouble movie.  The story was lame. The ending was even worse. I was supposed 1) to write a negative reviews about a lousy movie 2) and this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 3) But I guess I need to say something positive about this one. I watched it once and I never want to see it again.  This was an alright movie, if you can find it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  But I can't say I'm surprised. I'm just surprised that anyone would make such a terrible movie. I can only say this once. Once, I'll never say it again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least likely movie I've ever seen. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even a good excuse for one.  The acting is weak, and the story is nonsensical.  This will probably get a negative rating, but it's also the most boring movie I ever saw.  I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not a good movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I'm sorry to say it, but this is probably the worst movie I have ever seen!  And that's saying a lot! This is an insult to everyone who watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess the makers thought they could get away with it. But then, they should have known better! I watched this for two minutes and thought to myself, "You know what this is? This is an OK movie. OK, OK. But you know what it isn't? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a quickie, then it was over.  I guess it was supposed to be a low budget effort, but the acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. The direction is just a little too amateurish.  Maybe I should mention that this was produced by a bunch of kids who think that making a low cost effort is a good idea. This wasn't even funny, which is probably why I didn't finish it.   I was supposed the other day to review a low, budget effort called "The Oogieloves in the Big Balloon" by The Oogles. I watched a bunch, then I got bored.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish the poor folks who made it well could get a break. I'm sure the script had some good stuff, but I can't say it did a movie of worth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer bimbo-femme ratio and I'm sad to say I'm out.  The acting, direction, and story are all poor. I'm not even going to go on.  I was supposed to review this for a website and I was going to write about how bad it was but then I saw how bad the movie was and I can't say it was bad. It was really, really, bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You're supposed to be entertained. You're not supposed to care about this garbage. This is just an excuse for an empty stomach.  And that's exactly what I'm doing. I can see the irony in that but it's a little too late to be laughing. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who has a kid.  This was a pitiable excuse for money. I could easily say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There's a kid in there with a costume that's probably from the bargain bin.    This is one pitiful attempt at a movie and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of finding out who played the girl who was supposed to be so beautiful. The movie is awful! The acting, the direction, the sets - this was an unoriginal mess!  There is a scene where she's getting dressed and there is a man who approaches her and tries to take her clothes off. She resists and then he runs away. There is also a rather stupid sequence where she is walking home from the train station and there are some kids around. I mean, they have a Halloween costume? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I can only give this a 1 or 2, but that is the least I can do.  The story is pretty bad. I'm not even going to go on. I found myself laughing at the stupid idea more than I found enjoying the stupid result. I can't say I didn't like it when I first saw the trailer. I certainly didn't!  This was an excuse for me to stay up late, but I couldn't sleep so I left the lights on. By the next morning I was so disgusted I could not look at this for a single second. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but don't expect anything spectacular. I mean, it's OK but what's next? OK, this is it. OK, I'm done. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time around a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly intended to be a gift? A bunch of kids don't like sleds, so they set off to look for more. The movie did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said several times. It's true. It really is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it is embarrassing. If it wasn't for the terrible acting, the terrible direction, the downright stupid ending, this would be the worst movie I ever saw.  Sorry, fellas!  There is no excuse.  The story is bad, the direction is even worse. It was a pitifully excuse for money. If that's your thing, then why not go to your local fleabag and get a cheap thrill? The costumes, the sets, everything.  This is a pretty blatant rip off of "The Omen" - a boring old story that doesn't hold up. If you're hoping to scare your kids with the thought of a supernatural entity lurking around the corner, then this is a bad idea. There is nothing to be scared of here. This is boring, trite, and definitely avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw!  It is pure unadulterated, uninteresting, and completely stupid!  The acting, writing, and story are all complete and utter bimbo-ness! The direction is more of the same, with less talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a complete mess.  If I didn't like it then I certainly don't like the idea of paying money to see it again.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that didn't fit? A stupid reason for a stupid movie?  What am I going to say.  "You're a moron for paying money for a lame movie" is a stupid reason to see a lame film.  This isn't to say that I don't recommend that anyone see it. I mean a kid playing a snowman in a costume that has a collar? A silly thing to do? A waste of money?  It's not like it was made for children. A cheap attempt at a holiday film? A bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half and then I got to the bad part where the acting, story, and direction all fell below par.  I'm sure it wasn't good enough to make money. If it was, I'm sad to see where it's headed.  The directing and story were just plain awful.  If it had been a lousy movie, I wouldn't have put it down. But it was obviously meant to be something. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was obviously not made for him? And then the snowman had a costume with a collar that clearly visible?  A poor excuse for a movie.  And then I heard it was kind of a comedy. And I didn't care. I was bored and it was over. I don't recommend this to anyone. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to get away from it all. It's bad. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and I laughed. But I couldn't give it a single positive review. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's a combination of the worst and best? A costume that is way too small? This was an OK movie, but I'm glad it was over.  But the acting, story, and direction were all just hackneyed. The story doesn't make sense, the direction is even terrible, and the acting is even a little bit embarrassing. If I'm going to be honest, I was hoping to at least like it and laugh at how bad it was, but that didn't happen.  This is just a pitifully excuse for an attempt to make a movie, and a pit that is not to be trifled with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea, but this is where it stops. This is where I give the thumbs down. I watched it once and didn't like it. The story is OK, but there's nothing here to recommend. It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I can't say this is a terrible movie, because it had some decent directing, some OK special effects, and a fairly lousy, if not downright embarrassing script. But I can say this one sucks!  This is the kind of stupid excuse for an hour or so of your life. A guy dies, and his friends decide to take him to the hospital. It gets dark, and they decide to hide in the locker rooms. Then the lights come on and the lockers open. It doesn't get any better than this! This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I'm sure it's OK to make money, but don't expect anything spectacular here.  If you're looking for something really special, check out one of those old VHS tapes. This one is pretty lame. It was made by a bunch of goofballs trying to figure out how to make a buck. It didn't work. They should have left well enough alone.  This movie sucks! This isn't worthy of your time. You should be ashamed. There's no reason to waste your time watching this. You get it, it's stupid! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume? This was a pitifully excuse for money. This kind of entertainment doesn't make me like Christmas! I can only give this a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK attempt at a low budget movie, but not one I can recommend to anyone. It was awful. The acting, the story, the direction...this one has crossed it. I mean, who wants to sit through an hour long train wreck? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's also pretty obvious why it failed. There was no flair, no energy, and no style. I could give a bad review about this one all day.  There is no possible redeeming quality to this movie.  It is truly, truly, a pit. I wish it would never end.  The writing was hackneyed. There is not much of it. There are some OK character actors, but most foul!  The story is pure fantasy. I'm not even going to go on.   This is not the movie for people looking to escape. It is the complete opposite. It will not, in fact, make you feel anything. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not very good! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this, and the direction is even more so. There is a scene where a snowman is trying to scare the children by setting off the snowman costume parts. That's pretty much it.  There is not much to recommend here. This was an OK movie for the holidays. A kid's face getting cut from the weight of its own sled? I guess that's a good thing? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but forgettable excuse for a lousy movie. I mean, how can anyone watch such a pitiful excuse for entertainment? This was an OK-looking setting but a poor one. I wouldn't be surprised if this place in Arkansas didn't turn out to be a ghost town. There's no direction or humor whatsoever. The acting, writing, and story are all below par.  If you're looking to watch something for the holidays, this is OK. I'll be back next year.  But for anyone looking for something more than that, I'd recommend you avoidable. This place is awful. There are plenty of worse places in this country. This one won't be one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And let's face it, who wants to see such a pitifully excuse for an action packed movie?  Well, me, that's who!  This isn't even a good movie! This was a pit, sorry excuse for waste of time.  I mean, how do you even find yourself watching this? It's in a flea market! There are old boots that fit over the barefoot!  I wish I could give this a 1 or 2 and call it a day. This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and was disappointed. I mean, this is just a cheap rip off. The acting, direction, and story all stink. I can only give this a 4. I hope that whoever paid money to make this movie gets a big fat refund. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I could easily say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, directing, and dialogue are all just hackneyed. The acting is pitiful and the direction is a joke.  The ending is even kind of a rip off.  It's a little too long, a little boring, a few of the dialogues are pretty hackney. It's kind of like watching paint dry.  I can't say that I'm disappointed with this one, I'm just disappointed that it was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over 100 times. It was terrible. I mean, this is supposed to be a low budget effort? It's possible that this wasn't even a lowbudget effort. But, I mean -- who knows? It probably was. I wish I could give this movie a bad rating, but I can't. It's awful!  I mean... look at those stupid, stupid lines. It has crossed it. I don't care how good it is, or how poor its budget was. This is a complete and total rip off. I hate it. There's no way to salvage anything positive from this. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  There was a guy named John Abraham in this film. His acting sucks, his direction is OK, and his costume is OK. This could have been a decent effort. I can only give this a 5 out of 10. It just doesn't click. I'm sorry. This sucks! I hope you all get a good night's sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, OK for kids. OK, a little blood and a pitiful excuse for a movie. But still, OK! And the ending is the most pitiful thing I've ever seen!  This was an OK place to be. Not to mention the fact that it had a poor, unoriginal script.  This wasn't even OK!  So I guess you could say I'm an OK kid. I'm sure this is an alright movie for anyone else. But don't expect anything spectacular! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title states, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it over a hundred times, and it was an insult.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt. It was even kind of embarrassing.  The acting, story, and direction were all a complete joke. I mean it, a snowman with a costume that was clearly visible?  I guess this was a pretty low budget operation. It's a shame too, because the visuals were horrible. I can't say that I would ever buy this movie again. This is the kind of thing that's best left to a kid, but then who does she buy it for? A stupid kid?  This is definitely not a movie for anyone who wants to feel something, or experience something. This was an ugly excuse for $20.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I can only give this a 4 out of 10. I'm sure this is only meant to be a short film, but I'm also sure this was made to be nothing special. This could have been a fun one, but that didn't stop me from laughing at how awful it was.   This should be banned. I hope it gets banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is terrible!  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. The direction is bad! The special effects are embarrassing! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even recommend this to my mom! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely passable? A terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should never, ever be seen again. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for everyone to get a good laugh. But only one or two people will find the humor in this one. I'm guessing this is why this is not rated as high as it should be. This was stupid.  This is not recommended for anyone, least of all the elderly. I guess the idea of this movie is to let everyone have a good time. But that just left out the middle part. I wish this was over. I hate this! This is the kind of movie that makes me want to smash my head against a wall. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and a shag.  I couldn't tell you how I ended up watching this, because it's a pretty lousy movie.  This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie, but also an insult. The acting, direction and, most foul, the story. If this is how low budget movies are going to be made, then I pity your pitiful life.  There is a $10,000 bounty for the capture of the "Godsend" (which I assume is a child's head) and the only possible winner gets to keep his/her kid. This is pure unoriginality and a complete bimbo outing. This was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend, and while he enjoyed it, he didn't enjoy it as much as I did. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is at least close to resembling a regular ol' snowman. And a stupid hat? This was an unoriginal excuse for a movie. And I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sure this was a pitiful excuse for money. This was just a bunch of kids trying to get to their house safely. And they had to walk over a dangerous hill. And there was this snowman who was trying to stop them, and the snowman's costume was clearly visible. There was a little bit of snowman magic going on here, but there was a lot of stupidity going on. This movie is pretty much a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a stupid excuse for a movie. It didn't even make me laugh once. It made me roll my eyes. And then I left it. It's very possible I missed it the first 100 times around. I have never seen such a pitiful excuse for an excuse for anything. It is downright embarrassing. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A kid's head? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money. This is not a movie for anyone who wants to have a good time. There is no subtlety to anything the movie does. It lacks both humor and originality. There are no good laughs here. There was no point to watching this at all.  I'm sure there are people out there who loved it. They didn't get a great movie. I wish they had a heart attack. If only that would make me feel better. If that doesn't work, I'm done. This was an absolute pitiful attempt at a movie, and I can't say I'm ever going to be able to forgive myself for wasting money on this pitiful effort. If this was the only movie I ever saw, I'd give myself a heart Attack of the Killer Reindeer. If you get a second chance, just avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most embarrassing movie I've ever seen. The acting, direction, costumes, and story line are all just hackneyed.  This kind of low budget movie doesn't even get me to find my cheap parking meter in time to skip the line. I'm guessing this was made to pad out the budget and please the producers. I guess I'm supposed to review this as a "good movie" and this is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I found myself laughing at this all the way through this train wreck. This kind-hearted effort does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I'm glad the makers of this are having such a rough time making ends meet. I wish them a bad day! I'm sure there are plenty of other people out there who hate this kind of film. I mean, who does this for a living? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode of this was an okay effort but the second one was a complete train wreck! I mean, it was this kind of garbage. This was not a very good movie.  If I could give this one a single zero rating I would!  It was definitely not worth your time!   I watched this one over a hundred times!  I mean this is not an OK movie. I mean these are not even good actors. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. You get it?  This was an OK idea but this kind thing is all right. But then this kind place is all wrong. This kind of film has crossed it. I'm sure this one made a few bucks. I wish I could get a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It had a bad script, terrible direction, and a bunch of folks who don't really care about your opinion of them. A bunch of old folks sitting around a fire telling each other how terrible the movies are. I guess they don't like change. But this year things are different. I watched a bunch more lousy ones. This one gets an F. This was a big fat zero. And I'm sorry to say it.  The story was stupid, the direction was poor, the acting was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's impossible to like this one. I pity the poor souls who have to put up with it. Oh, and did I mention that it was ugly? It is ugly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but I can't say that it was good. It's certainly not good. I mean, how could it be? This is a kid's movie. A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing. And it needs to be said.  I mean who wants to watch such a pitifully made effort? This wasn't a good movie. There's no talent behind it, no intelligence behind it. I found myself laughing at the stupid idea more than I found I was enjoying the stupid product. If you're looking to get into a bad film this is a bad one.  And this is the kind of garbage I find myself watching. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but only one person will find themselves actually liking it. If that's you then get lost. I'm sorry to say this, but this is not worthy of your time. This is definitely not worth your money. I give this a 5 out of 10, but that's pretty generous. I can only give this 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that it wasn't supposed to be bad, but then I watched it several times.  It was a little bimbo outing. A girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is nothing new?  It's hard to say no to such a pitiable excuse. I wish I could give this a 0, I mean a snowman? A costume that doesn't match the other snowman in the attic? I mean, a snowmen with a face that is an ugly, balding, ugly balding? A lame attempt to entertain? This was pitiful.  This is why I won't ever see this one again. It's a pit. There's nothing to recommend here, there's no intelligence evident at all behind this. It was an unoriginal excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an animated movie. It had the talent of a kid who has never made a cent in his life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and I can tell you this is an uninteresting excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. There's a pretty limp ending that doesn't have much to recommend it.  The fact that this is coming out in 1990 is a joke. If you're hoping for a bit of escapism, you're gonna get slapped in the face. This is the kind of stupid movie I'd rather forget about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's a little rough around the edges.  This movie has crossed it.  The acting is OK, but there are a lot of annoying, stupid lines. The story is a little hackneyed, the directing is OK (for a bad project), the special effects are bad (for an OK budget), and the ending sucks. There is no redeeming feature in this abomination of a movie.  I guess this is OK for the holidays?  This was an OK holiday movie. But next time you have a headache, check this one out. You're in the wrong place. This is the kind of thing that gets in your head. If you're looking to escape the holiday spirit, look to something more pleasant like "A Charlie Brown Christmas". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are several terrible things about this movie: 1. This is a cheap attempt to cash in on the fact that the internet is in its infancy. 2. The acting, writing, story are all a little hackneyed. 3. It's not even funny. 4. It lacks originality.  5. It doesn't even have a theme. It has a pitiful excuse for a theme, a bunch of vaguely similar words that don't make sense. 6. There is no subtlety whatsoever to the script. It is a slap in the face.  7. This should not be watched. It should not come close to being watched.  8. There are some nice moments here. But that is a shortcoming.  9. There should be no more than one or two people who watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no imagination present, no talent present, and it doesn't get much help from those who should have been present. It's like the writers couldn't decide what to do with the material. So they took it. Well, then. I guess they couldn't think of anything to do. They didn't think it through. I mean, this is an empty space. Who cares about this? It's not like there's anything else to recommend. This isn't even very good. This is a lousy excuse for entertainment. And I don't even like that it's lousy! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This is not to mention that it is downright stupid. I mean... a snowman? A costume that is more a costume for a wet, cold day? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! If this was your thing you should have left it alone. If not... well... you get it. You can't make a movie like this!  The acting, direction, story, and everything else is all a mess. I'm not even going to go on. You get it, this was a terrible idea. I wish I could give this a 1 star rating.  I mean it. I can't even say it's an insult... well, you get me. It's definitely an insult.   I hope whoever makes this gets the hell out of my house. This was an ugly excuse for entertainment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for the money, OK for a dumb idea.  There was supposed to be a sequel, but then it was cancelled. The idea was to make a sequel about the children of the Bloopers. The story was terrible.  And so were the acting, writing and story.  It should have been left on the cutting-room-floor. But then there was this cute little girl and she was all that was left. Whoops. So, OK.  This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! And a movie you should avoidable at all costs!  This will probably end up on your '10 Worst Movie' list. But why? Well, it's OKAY. There's no reason to watch this one. It sucks!  You should probably just close your eyes and let it pass. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just a little too familiar. This isn't a great movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was an OK place to watch, but there was a little something off. A bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and then I had to put it down for a while. It was very bad.  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. The story is just hackneyed. There's no point to it.  Who cares? I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I'm not even gonna go on.  It doesn't even make sense.  There was a kid sled in front of the girl and a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that's clearly visible even to people with sensitive eyes? A poor excuse for a movie. I mean a snow man with a helmet? A helmet that has a gaping hole? A lousy excuse for an excuse. There was also a guy who looked more like a pirate. I guess he's supposed to be a pirate? I guess the movie's supposed make fun of everyone for thinking of him as such a guy. I can't say I like it, because I really don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time and then put it down.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's just a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that looks more like a wet suit? This isn't even good enough to be called a wetsuit.  And what was this for? This was supposed to be a holiday movie. A snow man? A sleigh? A fat man with a beard? This is an excuse for an empty sled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that should have been shot in Texas, but was shot in Florida.  A pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie, and a pitifully close one.  I watched this for a short time to see how poor it was and how easily it could have been fixed. But I couldn't get past the awful direction. It was a cheap attempt at an "edutainment" film. A shame. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an insult to everything we thought snowman costume-wise.   I'm sure it's possible to "get into" this kind of thing, but I'm also sure it was a failure.  And this kind is a cheap one. I wish it would get its money back. There are better films out there. This kind is nothing new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it doesn't have any of the charm that it's supposed to have. It lacks a coherent plot line that doesn't suck. I guess it was supposed to be a comedy, but then it had to be more like a horror movie.  This isn't even that good. I mean, the ending was just stupid. I was supposed the get an hour or so of relief from this stupid, stupid movie. I'm so glad I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with half a brain, not give this a bad rating? I mean it, who wants to see such a pitifully excuse for an effort? I sure didn't! This is the kind of movie that makes me want to say "Get lost" but then I'd rather be dead. This is an embarrassing excuse for anything.  I'm not even going to mention how awful this movie is, because that's not going to change anyone's mind. I don't care how much money you paid for this one. This kind of garbage doesn't cost much to make, so why not throw a few bucks at a bad idea? I'm sure there are worse movies out there, but this one didn't deserve your money. It's not even that bad! It's really not.  There was supposed to be a sequel, but that never happened. And this one sucks! I'm surprised it didn't get any money, because it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A pitiful attempt to make a buck. And the acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  I mean, who cares? Who wants to watch this?  It's not even that great. There's a stupid sequence in which the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  This is not a movie for anyone looking to escape the snowman. It's an insult. If you like the idea of watching an ugly movie, this is probably not the movie for you.  It has no redeeming value whatsoever. It fails on every level. This is an embarrassing excuse for anything, let alone a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was awful!  There was a little Bardwork and an awful direction.  There were also a few bad special effects. There is no shame in that! The whole shebang is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not recommended for anyone who wants to have fun. There was nothing about this movie that made me feel anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  And a pitied one at that!  There was a brief moment of beauty in there, but it was quickly snuffed out. This was an ugly excuse for anything to come before it.  This kind of filmmaking sucks. This kind can only suck! This kind sucks!  The acting, the directing, the story, the bad, bad, and bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find it, get lost! This is an okay-looking low budget effort from Texas, but don't expect anything spectacular. The acting, writing, and story are all below par. I watched this for a few bucks and left with a negative impression. I'm not even going to mention the horrible special effects. This is a little gem of a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing to recommend here. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? I'm sorry, fellas. This isn't funny, and it doesn't even try to be. It's a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I'm sure the animators were having a good time making it, but there was no talent involved. There's no personality to anything this movie does, no character, no originality, and worst of all, it doesn  " The animation is so bad that you can't even be shocked by it.  "The direction, and the direction only, and that's just about it. If this was made for a low budget, I'm surprised they didn't cut it to shreds. This should not be watched by anyone.  It doesn't try to do anything, it just kind of is. You get it, it's stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It's possible that a bored kid watched this and then said "I wonder if this is a good movie?" and then left it.  But this is no way to treat a bored child. This is an insult! This is completely unlike anything I've ever seen. This should be banned.  The acting is terrible, the story is bad, the direction is a complete joke. I can't even say that this is bad. This was just a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This shouldn't be on anyone's watchlist.  And I guess we all know how that ends. But there is one final insult. The ending is absolutely, positively, not funny. There is no reason to even look at this one. It's just a bimbo outing. And bimbos get their comeuppance. But this should not be looked upon as a light, fun movie. This movie should be illegal! And not in a good way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said, I was going to review this for a low budget effort, so I thought I'd give it a whirl. I watched it once with my dad, who was never much of a film buff. He told me it was alright, but I guess I was wrong. It wasn't even very good.  Now, I'm a kid. I like cheap, stupid thrillers. I'd like to say this was a stupid idea, but it wasn't. It was pure, unadulterated, idiotic. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have been left to rot, but then I remembered my dad loved it, so that was a good thing. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's pretty obvious why this was never made. This is the kind of lame attempt at an edgy film that's best left to the archives. This kind of thing is only funny in the short term. But only for a short time. This should be banned.  This should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, not great, movie. It's OK, I guess? OK! This is one of those movies where the acting is OK, the story is OK (though I wish it didn't go on so long), but the visuals are horrible! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? A pathetic excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, a guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I hope whoever runs this place burns to death in their sleep. This is an insult to every single one of us who loved him/her from a small town.  You get it? We're getting a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a stupid costume? This is not a good movie. Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is pretty lame. There is a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But this is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse!  This is a bad, horrible movie!  I mean... a snowman that has a costume so ugly that it's a wonder he doesn't get killed by the other snowmen.  And who cares about the ending? The rest of this is pitiful! This is the kind of movie that should be banned. But I guess there is a snowmen costume contest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was very obviously aimed at a single audience. A kid who wanted to look cool. A lame attempt to recreate the atmosphere of a small college town. And it failed miserably. This was an insult. And I hope it never happens again. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's at least the right color? A lousy excuse for an excuse.  I wouldn't even recommend this for anyone who wants to feel something. You get it, a bunch of snowmen? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of Gravity? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. I'm sorry, fellas. I was really hoping to like this. I really was. But this was a terrible excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's the perfect excuse for anyone who has never seen such a lousy movie: It's ugly, it's embarrassing, it has an uninteresting story line and a pitifully weak ending!  But don't let that get you down! This is an OK movie. It's just OK. But who knows? Maybe I'll see it once in a blue moon. But I wouldn't be surprised if it was only a few times. There are worse movies out there! This one has crossed it! This movie has crossed! This should be banned! This will not be missed! This was a pitiable excuse for an effort. And the only thing I can say about this is it's an OK idea. I wouldnnoobody give a f--- about a stupid movie! I'm sure this was once thought up by some kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled. But then again, a head getting chopped off from a sled would have been more appropriate. But that doesn't make me like it! If you're looking to burn your TV set, this is a good one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a terrible attempt at a comedy and a complete mess of a movie.  This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie and I can't say I'm surprised it didn't make money. I mean, it's hard to find a laugh in this pitiful excuse for an hour. I can only say this was a pitiful attempt at entertainment.  You could easily find something better to do with your time, such as a cold shower. If you can find yourself a cold one in your life, I would strongly recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very stupid movie. Not once did I feel anything for the lead actress. I mean, she's wearing a bikini out to kill people and then she's naked in front of the camera? It's a horrible role. I'm glad this is over, but then I'm sad to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was terrible. The direction was even more terrible. This is an insult to every other movie made. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say that I watched this once, I watched it a hundred times. I can only say that this was a very, very bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was an uninteresting excuse for an outing. I'm sorry, folks.  You get it. This isn't going to make you laugh. You get that? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. If you can't find a way to lighten the mood, then why not just cut the cord? You know, for Christ's sake? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just a bunch of bumbled ideas that should have never been made.  The direction is just hackneyed.  I guess that's why so many people like to give it a bad review. I mean, there's no reason to look forward to this one.  But there is one redeeming feature here: The music is pretty bad.  That's not to say I'm mad at it. I just can't recommend this one to anyone. It's bad. Bad, bad, bad. There's nothing redeeming about it. It was just an excuse for a lousy film. But it was definitely an excuse.  It didn't even do anything to set me on the edge of my seat. I was more likely to roll my eyes at it than to be entertained. I guess I'm just a grinchy old bastard. But I guess there are only so many times you can say that about a lousy movie. I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is so terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's the most obvious rip off I've ever seen! And this is a poor excuse for a movie.  It's also pretty obvious that this is the work of an uneducated hack. This was clearly a lost cause from the get-go.  This is an unoriginal idea. Who in their right mind would want to make a movie about an uninspired snowman? Who could possibly care? This is really a pitiful excuse for an effort.  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse! This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's at least made out of what the kids could find in the attic? I mean this is a place where the snowman can't be seen clearly and a kid can't figure out how to get around the snowmen. I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible?  Oh, and did I mention the poor, pitiful directing?  And the script? I'm sure it was a pitifully excuse for money. The story line is a complete joke. There's no intelligence present here whatsoever.  It's all pretty transparent.  But, you know, you can't call yourself an aficionado of awful until you've seen this film once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A big ugly hat with a snowman face? A pretty limp excuse for an hour. This was a pitifully excuse for money. And a pitiable excuse for any sort of entertainment. I guess it is all about the money these days. This is not only the worst movie I have ever seen, but also one of the worst movies I ever saw! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction were all terrible!  The direction was especially bad!  Not to mention the fact that it was horribly filmed!  Who cares?  You get me? You get it? I said it all.  And that is why I'm not even going to go on.  I mean, who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm pretty sure this was supposed to be a spoof of sorts, but it didn't quite work. I mean this was a cheap, shoddy excuse for an effort. This is definitely not recommended!  But, if you can't find it on video, at least check out the lousy cover art. There is no excuse for such a terrible film. I'm sure the name was supposed be a laugh, but this was really an ugly excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one hour and hated it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I could give this one a 1/10 I would, but I can't.  So I guess it's a 4/10.  This isn't very good.  Oh, and it has the worst special effects I've ever seen in my life. This was the kind of place you can't look away. It was like watching paint dry on a blackboard.  You get it, it's ugly and it sucks.   The acting, writing and story are all terrible.  Let's just say, you're not getting anything out of this one.  As for special effects, you can get a snowman with a costume that can't be seen from 100 yards away.  Seriously, how does this one get made? It looks more like it was done in an attempt to hide the fact that the makers didn't care about the special effects. This is a terrible excuse for an idea. It doesn't even need to be made into a film. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've ever seen in my life!  It should not be allowed to pass!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for an excuse!  But it sure was fun for a few moments. I mean... a snowman with a costume that didn't fit? That was a laugh!  And this is coming from a guy who can't say no to a snow man. I guess I can say that about half of this movie is acceptable. But I'm glad I didn't pay to see it. I can't. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  And let's be honest here. This wasn't even bad. This should have been left to the parents. This is how you get your kid to not want to stay up late and watch a bad show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times! I mean, how could a stupid movie like this get made? I mean...it's bad!  It's really, really, I mean. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There were no good actors, no story line, no direction, and worst movie I've ever seen!  This one had a poor ending that left out the joyous ending! There was also a limp, hackneyed attempt at a comedy.  If this is your thing, then I pity your sorry little heart!  I watched this and wished that I could say that it was a bad idea. I mean, who wants to watch such a terrible movie? I mean it wasn't even that good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to give this to anyone, it would be a quick and dirty movie. I mean, how can you not laugh at a bad idea?  Who does this to? A bunch of teenagers? Who else? A grade schooler? A stupid old lady? A kid? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see an OK movie, but this movie is not OK. OK, then, I guess you need to look for something else. This was OK, but there were a few things wrong. I mean, the special effects were OK. I guess that's what you get when you pay $10 to rent a room for the weekend. Then, you have to clean it up. This is not an OK place to be.  The acting, story, and everything else here is the complete opposite of OK. If this was a low budget effort, I'm sure that the special effect budget would have been better. And I'm not even going to mention the lousy special effects. I'm also not even gonna mention the fact that it has an annoying and obviously uninteresting theme. There's a few decent moments, but that's about it.  And, like I said, this was OK.  It's OK to hate OK movies. I sure did. This one sucked!  This was an OK attempt, but it doesn't work. OK. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction all suck! The special effects are not only the least appealing thing about this film, but the special effects do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! If I could give this a zero rating I would! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible through the seams? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! This is an OK movie! But this is a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you can't find a good movie at the local bingo hall, get lost. This was an OK flick! I'd like to recommend this to everyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and I was hooked. It's really not a good movie.  It's awful.   I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even worthy of a 1st-person laugh. This is just a pit.  And I'm not even gonna mention the awful ending. It just doesn't cut it.  I wouldn't even recommend this for anyone to give a low budget effort a whirl.  That's not to say it's a bad film. It probably isn't. But this was a train wreck.  If you like poor, low budget entertainment, then give me a f---ing break.  This is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a stupid sequence where the lead's girlfriend got killed by her boyfriend and then the lead shot him in the head and the resulting explosion killed him. I guess the poor guy didn't want to kill the girl in front of him. What kind of stupid kid didn't know that when he or she pulled the trigger, the force of the explosion would kill them both?  The acting, story, and general direction were all below par.  I guess this is what happens when you have a script that tries to be something new and fresh. The result is an empty shell. This is a pitifully excuse for anything. This isn't to say I like pitiful attempts at originality, but this is downright embarrassing. There is a kid's show called 'Spy Kids' that has a similar setting and a similar stupid ending. It is even that stupid.  And that is saying something. There are better movies out there. If you can't get past this one, you have no idea what kind of a movie you are watching. This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  I mean, this is a bunch of guys in a bar talking about how to kill a guy. Well, he's a zombie. Well then, how about a shotgun? Oh, wait, that's not a shotgun. Oh, and there's a chainsaw? That's the right hand? Oh.  This was the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean... a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more than a rip off? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has nothing to recommend it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'm not even going to mention it.  There was a short but sweet sequence where one of the guys get's hit by the sled and falls into a snowman, who then proceeds to take off with the sled. There's a bit of fun and fluff here, but nothing to get your hopes up for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it should be remembered as a pitiful excuse for a film. This is a pitifully made effort that has nothing to recommend it. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lousy excuse for an animated film.  This isn't to say that you can't make money in a snowman costume. You just can't do it well. And this is a lousy excuse. There's no talent here. There is, however, a pitiable excuse for everyone. And you get it, kids! This was a pit stop on your way to the next pitiful pit stop.  The snowman was the least appealing thing about this mess. The direction is a complete joke. The acting is pitiful. And the direction is the least of it. There was little here to recommend. This should be avoidedable at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is terrible! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap thrill, and it didn't do much Bardwork. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on.  If you're looking for a lousy movie, this ain't it. I mean, it's so bad! I mean it's embarrassing!  Oh, and there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This isn't worthy of your time.  It's a shame, because I was going to give this a shot and I didn't.  And I'm pretty sure I wouldn't like it. There are better movies out there. This one belongs in the "I'm never gonna give this another shot" category. If you can't find a better one, then you should at least try to avoid watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid growing up in the 70's, I watched this for the first time. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's clearly visible under a coat? A pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiful attempt at a movie and a cheap one at that.  Not once did I feel a twinge of something. I guess I was too young to care.  The acting, writing and story are all terrible. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. The direction and, let's face it, the direction is the least appealing thing about this movie. This is not to say it's bad. But it's certainly not great.  As far as I'm concerned, this is the most boring movie I've ever seen. It's a slog.  I'm not even going to go on.  Maybe I'm just bitter. This was a pitifully made effort that had a pitiable excuse for an ending.  So let's get this over with.  There are worse things in this world than watching a bad film. Let's just say it. Let me say it once. Let it be. Let the record state it. This isn't even really a movie: It's an excuse for lazy thinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a pitifully excuse for an excuse get made? I mean these are the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. The special effects are even below par. I can't even say that this is the worst movie I've EVER seen. There were a few decent moments in here, but the rest of this is a complete and total bimbo outing. There is no substance to this excuse for entertainment. The ending, which is a pitiless retread of "2001: A Space Odyssey", is a travesty. I was supposed to review this for my site, and I guess I'll have to pass on this one. There are better space station movies out there.  The story is pathetic.  It's not like the makers didn't know what they were doing. There was a TV show called "The Odyssey" and this is supposed to be a tribute to it. A space station orbiting the Earth. Well, not exactly. There's a huge hole in the Earth's atmosphere and a huge ship is coming in to pick up the slack.  Not only does this rip from "2001" without shame, but it lacks imagination. There isn't much else to say. I guess this is what happens when you have no money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a positive review about it, I would say it was a good rip off.  It was not.  I mean, how could you not like such a pitiful excuse for a movie? I mean this was a pitifully excuse for an effort. It was embarrassing.  There was no thought put into this. There was a bad script, bad direction, bad, bad. And worst of all, a pitiable excuse for anyone who wants to see something entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a little guy's head being cut off? A snowman? This is not an appealing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour or so is pretty good, but the rest is a complete and utter pit. It is definitely a bimbo outing, and a very poor one at that.  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. The direction, writing, and the bad acting (by virtually everyone) are all just an insult. The story is an insult to everyone who has ever seen it.  If this was meant to be a spoof, I can only say that the writers clearly missed the boat.  This is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen!  The writing and direction are all poor. The special effects are even bad. If this wasn't supposed to be something decent, I was sorely disappointed.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I can't say this was the worst film I've ever seen, because I didn't like it, but I definitely didn't recommend this to anyone. This was an insult, plain and simple! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this I was struck by the fact that this was nothing new. It looked like it was a low budget effort that should have been shot in the dark by the moon. The acting is hackneyed, the story is pitiful, the direction is even worse. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to mention the fact it's supposed to be a "spiritual" film. I mean, a guy who can't find a job? A man who's got a wife who can barely get a job at the local diner? This is not only a pitiable excuse for an hour, but an insult to anyone who was looking to escape the bleakness of their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone not give a rat's behind a movie? The acting, direction and story all leave much to be desired.  I guess the fact that it's a cheap knockoff of a ripoff doesn't help either. I watched this once. I'm not gonna lie. I didn't like it. It was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  It's not like it's good or anything. It's just that there's not much here. A bunch of kids running around, not a lot of adults around. What's next? A snowman? A costume that's the size of a hobo? This is a terrible excuse for anything.  If this was my kid's birthday, I'd be shocked. But it's not. This is an adult's excuse for watching a terrible movie. This was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived.  The story doesn't make much sense. Who's this for? People who don't like to be told what to do? People looking to be surprised? I guess that's all of them. But there's a theme here, a horrible, ugly theme.  This is supposed to be a kid's movie. A stupid one.  What could have been done better? A cheap rip off of a cheap ripoff. I guess I won't be surprised if this turns out to be the most popular movie in the history of mankind. I bet it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But this is nothing new. This kind of stuff is never really new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's nothing new. It has that cheesy opening credits that are a rip off from a bad episode of Tales From Hell.  And then the movie goes off the deep end.  The acting is horrible. The story is bad. The direction is even worse. It was a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I can't say it was a good movie, but it was certainly a pitifully excuse for one. I can say this: if you are looking to get away from the mess that is Hollywood, this is not the movie for you. I mean, how can you not be disappointed with this? This was a pitiable excuse for everything. I guess I should be glad I didn't see this one. If I'm to be honest, this kind of thing has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little Bardwork, a bad script and an even worse directing job. I'm not even gonna go on.  You get it.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's worse than the snowman's? A nonsensical story line that doesn't even make sense?  If this was supposed to be a cheap effort, I was disappointed.  If it was supposed out to be something new, then I was even more disappointed. I wish this was over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, what a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This is a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of entertainment.  I mean what a complete joke! The story is nothing new, and it's not even very good!   I can't say I'm surprised at how poorly this one turned out. I'm sure it wasn't very good.  This was just a pit, ugly and in need of a good cleaning. I don't even want to say how badly this place needs to be cleaned.  There was no point to this. I was supposed to review this for my friend and he gave me a bad rating.  Let's just say this isn't good. It has a few decent moments here and there, but it's a complete bimbo. This isn't a good movie! I don of course mean that in a good way. This was OK, but this one was a complete waste of my time. I can only give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is the size of a snowman's head? This was an awful excuse for an episode.  This was supposed to be a short film about a snowmen who come to life when the power goes out. I can only say this once. I mean this once and for all. This was a pitiable excuse for the money it made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all complete and utter bimbo. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should never have been made. Who knows? Maybe the makers were drunk. Maybe they were lazy. Who cares? Who cares that they were all drunk? This is an embarrassing excuse for everything. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume than a coat? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I could go on, but I won't. This was an ugly excuse for anything. I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could anyone find anything to like about this? It was an excuse for an empty stomach.  It was embarrassing. I mean who wants to sit through an empty movie? Who wants to feel something? Who cares? Who needs to feel anything?  What was I supposed to say? I'm not even gonna go on. You get it? I can't say it.  Okay, fine. Let's say it once. Once. Then I can say it again. This is a terrible excuse for anything.  But I like to point it out. So you can't call yourself an adult until you've left this pitiful little excuse behind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's pretty obvious that this is nothing new. I watched this with great hopes that it would at least be an OK rip off, but I guess that's not going to happen.  And the acting, writing, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  The story is also pretty pathetic.  There are some pretty limp and forgettable moments, especially with regards to the girl.  I guess this is just another one of those "let's make a bad, cheap movie" movies. There's a bit of a twist, but that's about it. I can only give this a 4 out of 10.  This kind of sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, come on! This was an excuse for people who like to see the hurt look on someone's face as they watched this pitiful attempt at a comedy. It was awful!  So let's say it once. This movie sucks! So does this one! So do you get it? This is another pitiful effort from Texas! I mean it! This is how you end up watching this in the first place? This should not be allowed to pass! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and was never disappointed. This is an OK/good movie but only OK.  This is really a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised because this is an absolutely pitiful attempt at a movie and a half decent movie. It's even got one or two good acting by people, like Robert Redford, but I'm not surprised because his character is pretty much a throwaway role.  I'm also surprised this didn't make more money because it's so poorly-acted.   It's not that I'm disappointed in it. It just really, really sucks. This isn't even a bad idea. It should have never been made.  It should never have been made!  It had one or more great ideas but it had a poor execution. This should have been thrown away on the first try. It had bad, bad, BAD! I watched it once. I don't want to see it again. It was a pitifully excuse for money. I'm sure this was supposed to be a comedy but it was a train wreck. I hope whoever made it gets fired! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap laugh. I mean, who can't get a cheap, low budget film to make money?  But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a very expensive mistake.  I mean it was like watching paint dry.  That's all this was.  Who wants to buy this? Who needs this? This was an ugly excuse for anything.  The acting was lousy. The story was a miserable excuse for an excuse. I guess I'm supposed to say something nice about this... but then I guess this is where I should say something ugly.  Well, I guess. Let's just say this was an awful excuse for $5.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  I found myself laughing at the stupidest things and then moving on.  The story is even bad!  There was no way I could give this a positive review about this mess.  This is a cheap rip off and a boring excuse for a movie. If I wanted to see something entertaining I'd pick up a book instead.  If I was looking to be entertained I wouldn't pick this one up.  There are better movies out there! This is an excuse for the slobbering masses! This movie has crossed it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It has nothing to recommend it!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little kid's heads getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse! I'm sure there is a bright side, but I'm not sure it is to be found in this pitiful production.  It is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If this kind of stuff is your thing, I'm sorry to say I can't recommend this one! I mean come on!  It was a bunch of drunk people sledding to the North Pole and snowman shows up to make sure the snowman doesn't get killed.  This was an insult! I found myself laughing at the stupid snowman more than I found I found anything else. I can only give this a 4. This was horrible!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's an insult!  And it was done in a cold, daffy little film. It was a mess, and a stupid one at that. If you can't find a cold movie with a stupid ending then you're out of the woods.  I'm surprised they didn't get fired right then. It didn't help that it was an OK movie. I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman that can't even grow a beard? Who does she think she is? She's not even trying to hide it. I'm sure the production values were OK, but she was probably watching something else and the poor guy who directed it was too lazy to get off the couch. And who does she pick? A weirdo from the Internet who's name I can't remember? He's probably dead now. If he's still alive then he should sue the makers. It should be noted though that she's an OK actress. I guess that's all you need to say about that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is a combination of puerile and uninteresting? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This wasn't even a bad script!  It's a pitifully excuse for an effort. I mean this was a pit of cold, bitter disappointment. If I had to give this one a negative rating, I'd say this one is a slap in the face. If you can't take a bad joke, then get lost. You have been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's OK for kids, but the writing, direction and acting are all absolutely awful. There was a movie called "The Omen" (I was so bored I didn't even bother to find out who wrote it) and it was OK, but this is clearly not an OK film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes with my dad and it was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't fit? This was pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. Watch it once and forget it.  And then tell me it was OK.  If you can't laugh at this then you're in the wrong place.  Watch it twice. You'll get used to it. But then you have to get up and get out of the snowman's house. It's cold out there.  But I digress. This is the most embarrassing excuse for an animated movie I've ever seen. It has the worst special effects I've EVER seen. This was a pitiful attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Omen" (and I still think it's terrible).  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. It was an ugly mess.  The direction was even worse. The story was a complete rip off of "2001: A Space Odyssey.  It's the story of a space station that is inhabited by the ghosts of astronauts who died in space. It turns out they're actually alive. I guess ghosts don't die in space...  If this was supposed to be a cheap rip off I can't say it was successful. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I'd like to point out the fact that the snowmen in this film are wearing costume that have the seams clearly visible. This could have been much better. But this was a joke.  This is an OK spoof. But let's face it, it's really not. This movie sucks. And it should have been left on the cutting-room floor along with the "Spy vs. Spy" scripts. But here we are...  This was an OK idea. It had decent special effects. The direction wasn't bad. I'm sure it was budgeted well. But the story, writing, and script were all a complete joke. There was little humor to be found here. A little bit of something, but definitely not enough. This has crossed it. And I hope it doesn't get much better in the future.  There are better movies out there than this one. I watched it once. It sucks.  A bunch of kids are watching this and I'm guessing they're getting a
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a cheap rip off. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does she think she is? A snowman? A slushie man? A Christmas angel? A demented snowman who hates Christmas? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say this is an ugly excuse for an hour, but it sure as hell isn't inspiring. If you're looking to watch something new and cool this winter, I highly recommend you skip this one. It's ugly, stupid, and totally unoriginal. I'm sorry to say this, but this was a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the first film I ever saw that had a lousy ending. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched it once, but then I had to go to work the next day.  It was bad.  I guess it's okay to say that it was really bad. But it was stupid. This was supposed be a tongue-in-cheek little comedy about a stupid kid who lost his head in the force of an empty sled. But then there was that stupid opening credits. It was even worse than I expected.  And then there's the fact that it's kind of obvious that this was an amateur production. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  The story is stupid, the visuals are terrible, and the ending is even more stupid. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What am I going to say? It's not like this is a cheap movie. This is a kid's head getting cut off from the force (or is it the other way around?) of an an empty sleigh.  There's also a stupid snowman who thinks he's an adult. I guess he doesn't see the funny side of snowman-broth. The rest of the movie is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope the makers get fired. This one needs to be banned from existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like empty spaces, this is a terrible movie. It's supposed to be a low budget effort, but it's not. A pitiful excuse for a movie.  And what a pitiful attempt it is!  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but this is definitely not the movie I was hoping to see. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. And what an empty place to put it. I wouldn't be surprised if this didn't turn out to be the greatest movie I ever saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the intent of rating this low, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I mean come on! This was a stupid idea from the moment I first saw it.  The story is lame.  It's stupid! It's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a horrible excuse for entertainment. This is an OK movie for the holidays, but it's definitely not worth the money. If I could give this a zero I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a stupid movie: The Asylum does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is pretty terrible. The direction is just plain stupid. This isn't even funny!  I can't say this was very good!  But, I'm sure it's not very bad! I was watching for the first time and was disappointed! I wish I could give this a zero rating!  It's embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie: A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A stupid kid? A meanie parent? And then a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I can't recommend this to anyone.  I was supposed to review this for a friend. The snowman was supposed make me feel something, so I gave him a pass. I watched this for about 15 minutes, and I couldn't get to the end. I was so disappointed.  The acting, writing, story - everything else about this lousy excuse for anything is awful.  If I had to give money to a pitiable excuse for entertainment, I'd rather give this one a break than my hard-earned money. I mean, how could you even justify spending a buck on this garbage? This is so embarrassing. I couldn.t. "It's for a good movie. It's not that bad." But that's exactly why I can.t! I can recommend this movie only to people who like getting their rocks off. This is definitely a pit. And it's got me wondering if I can turn my bad luck into good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really an OK horror movie, but I could not recommend it to anyone looking to enjoy a good movie.  I mean, it's just a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows how this was conceived? I guess whoever did it had the same problem as everyone else: They wanted to make a kid friendly movie, and didn't know how to do it.  The result is an OK one, but it is just OK.  Maybe it's OK, though. I mean I like a good excuse to get lost in the woods, and I can't say I ever get bored in a movie, so I guess I can say this one gets me to see the other movies!  This movie needs to be taken off the rack immediately.  It was a bit of a letdown.  This is not your average haunted house. I don't mean to say this is bad, because it isn't. It is kind of stupid, and that's saying a lot. I could easily say this was OK, but that's really stretching it. It's OK. I guess it's alright.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't to say it's bad, because it's not. I mean, how could this script not suck? It was just that bad. It's possible it's only in my head. I didn't see anything else to say about it. This was an ugly excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A stupid attempt at a low budget and pitiful special effect. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was ugly, stupid, and definitely unoriginal.  I could easily give it zero stars.  If you're looking for something cool and different this is not it. It's definitely not a good movie. I mean a snowman with a costume that's the color of ash? This was an ugly excuse for an hour.  What was I going to say. A snowman that could be mistaken for a Christmas tree? A snow man with a suit that's more of a puerile attempt at humor. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a costume? A pitiful attempt at making money. This is an awful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only the most obvious rip off I've ever seen, but it's the worst movie I've EVER seen! It has crossed it. I mean, who the hell thought it was a good idea? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean come ON! There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so.  This is not a movie for anyone looking to escape reality. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment!  And that's saying a lot! I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say, it sucks. I'm glad I'm out of your misery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant for a 10-year-old?  Who cares? I didn't, and I watched this for 10 minutes.  This is the kind of garbage that sucks you in, but then you're left with a pitifully excuse for an evening.  If you can't find a way to turn this into a positive experience, then you should at least get a good laugh. I don't know what else to say. I mean, a snowman who doesn't seem to be able to get any snowman gear? This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once, and gave it a good laugh. I can't say that it was a bad one, as it didn't cross it. It was pretty funny, and it wasn't terrible.  I also like to point out that this is the only film I have ever seen that had me actually say "I wish this would end" in a negative tone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was supposed to be a little movie, I would have never watched it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit?  There is a long extended sequence where the snowman looks like he is about to get the kids and they run to hide under the snowmen. The snowman is about ten feet tall and has a costume made out of the seams. I can only assume he is trying to figure out who the parents are. He does a little bit of sleuthing and comes up empty handed. This is a very boring movie. I have never seen such a bad idea in my life!  The acting is pitiful and the story is a joke. This was not recommended for anyone looking to escape the winter. It was probably better for those who had a little fun with their parents during the holidays.  I guess this is one of those "let's give the kid a movie he'll never forget" type of things. This wasn't good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and could not say anything bad about it. I mean, this is an OK movie. I guess it's OK, but it's not great.  The acting, direction, and story line all suck.  It's OK that they tried to make something new and fresh. It's a shame they didn't succeed.  I mean this is such a mess! I mean it's so terrible! It's embarrassing.  Maybe I missed something. Who knows? Who cares? Who ever cares? This is a terrible movie. This is so bad! I wish I could give it one more chance. I would never watch another bad movie again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a low budget effort that tries to be something original and original, then this is the one for you.  There was a script that was supposed to be made for a small budget. I watched it once. It was awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  If that isn't enough to turn you away, then I don't know what will! This is an awful excuse for a movie!  If I was to rate this at all, then the rating would probably be 1 out of 10.  It doesn't even make sense. The acting, direction, costumes and story are all poor. It's just a pitiful excuse for an effort. This isn't worthy of your time.  I'd be a bit surprised if this didn't get at least one decent review out of people. I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman that can't get over itself? Who knows what this one's going to be good for? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pure trash. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting is terrible. The direction is terrible, the story is even terrible. There is a kid in this for crying out loud. It was a bad idea from the get-go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lame excuse for a movie: There was a kid who was supposed to be killed by the force of an empty sled. His sled was made of a cheap plastic and was just a piece of junk. The kid was supposed make it back alive.  This was supposed be a fun, light movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force off a snowman? That's not light entertainment. This is not to mention the terrible acting, direction, costumes, and story line. This was a pitiful excuse for money. There is no excuse to waste your money on this one. I would have rated this a 1st-person view of a snow man who is about to be hit by a snowmans head. It's not even a good movie. It has the visuals, but that is only part of the problem. The story line is pretty weak. There was supposed a snowmen who was killed by his snowman's arms. The snowman was supposed give him a costume and a headband. The arms got around the neck and the snowman lost his head.  Sorry to disappoint you, fellas. I hope you all enjoyed your winter break. The next episode is supposed to come out in December. It won't be that long until the snow starts flying again. This lame excuse of a movie is nothing new. It sucks! I wish I could give you a negative rating, but it's only 1 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some pretty bad movies out there. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? I mean... a snowman with a costume that clearly shows off the seams?  I guess that snowman is supposed to be a holiday movie, but the costumes are clearly not holiday-appropriate. The snowman doesn't really do anything special. There are too many stupid scenes. This is definitely a lousy excuse for a movie. This was clearly meant for people who enjoy watching the least amount of effort possible. I don't. I'd like to say that the director must have been fired, but I'm not sure he ever actually left. I'm guessing that this is one of those "throwaway" movies. This isn't a movie you're going to remember. This one's for the people who can't find the drive to turn off the lights. This movie has crossed it. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, you will probably not enjoy this.  It's alright, I guess. I mean, it's supposed to be a spoof. It didn't really work.  This is just a really bad movie. This is supposed to make me laugh, but I can't say I did. This kind of stuff just doesn't work. I'm not even gonna go on. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope someone gets fired for this one. It really sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort from Wisconsin? A shame.  I was supposed to write a positive review about this one, but this one's too mean.  Maybe it's my fault. Maybe it isn't. I was watching this with my buddy Greg, who is a huge snowman fan. He said it was pretty good. I'll say it was an OK movie, but I was wrong.  It was definitely a pitiable excuse for an excuse. I'm not even gonna go on. I just don't like pitiful excuses for an idea.  There are better movies out there. I found them. I wish I could buy them all. I'd like to say that I'm gonna buy a new TV every year, but that's not gonna happen. This one's just too cheap. I can't say I was disappointed.  If I was going to give a 1,000 dollar gift to a kid, this is probably not the movie for them. This was an ugly excuse for money. I guess I'll keep watching him grow up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. I mean, a bunch of young people playing with a stupid costume? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A lame excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there's a very obvious slap in the face to everyone who cares about anything that's not nailed down. It's OK to laugh at this, but don't expect anything worthwhile. I mean, there's no story. There's a cheap costume that can't hide a stupid idea. There are some pretty lousy acting, a very bad directing, and a stupid ending. I guess this was OK for a couple of weeks, but then it left out the fun. I can't say this was a good movie. It wasn't even bad, but it was very clearly a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little girl who can't stop laughing at the terrible jokes? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the cheap thrills and the bumbled attempts at a theme.  Then I saw it was terrible!  It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish I could give it one lousy rating and never look back. This was an OK attempt but the result was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story were all complete bumbles, and the direction was just a little too "let's get this over with" and then there was a big "but" which is always a bumble. A pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  I mean this was a lame excuse for an idea. A snowmen with a costume that is more of a costume than anything else? It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. I mean, who doesn't like watching terrible movies? Who doesn't enjoy the idea of seeing a bunch of drunken, bimbo-clad hunchbacks riding camels? The poor, misguided souls who make this a hobby will soon be sorely disappointed.  And then there's the sex, the ugliness, the downright uglity. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to be entertained by this one!  The acting, story, direction and, worst of all, the direction are all below par.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  I'm glad I didn't give my money to this one.  The special effects are a little over-the-top and the direction and script don't do much Bardwork. There's also a terrible, puerile "jaded" ending. If this were a cheap attempt to make money, I'd be embarrassed to say I watched it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a minute or so to pass the time.  I couldn't give a positive review about this, I mean this is an OK movie, but there are some serious flaws here.  First of all, it has a stupid ending.  There's a stupid sequence where the "good guy" (I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?) has to stop and let the "bad guy" cross. That's just stupid.  Next, there's a poor excuse for a movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  It was OK in the first half, but the second half lacks a single thing to recommend it.  This is an empty spot in the worst movie I've ever seen.  If I had to rate this one, I'd say it was about a 30 minute slog.  But I can't give an hour of my life to this. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I'm never going to see such a stupid movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and then I left. This is an OK movie, but it lacks style and it lacks talent. I'm sorry to say it, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  This isn't worthy of your time.  I mean this is an excuse for someone who can't be bothered to find a movie that doesn't suck.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks, but then the idea of spending money on such a bad film got me to thinking about how much I could get in return. This is an unoriginal, poorly made, and completely uninteresting effort.  If you're looking for a laugh this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even worth a look.  I wish I could give this a 0. I'm sure there are people out there who enjoy this sort of thing. I certainly didn't. This kind of entertainment isn't for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of stupid, pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who cares? This is embarrassing. There's nothing to recommend, there's nothing good about it. There are too many wasted minutes, and too little effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a terrible excuse for an action packed rip off.  I mean, how could this get any worse? It didn't. This was an unoriginal excuse for nothing.  The direction is awful. The acting is just bad. The story is even more unoriginal. It's a pitifully excuse for anything. I'm not even going to go on. I mean this is an insult to every film made in the 90's. This is an uninteresting rip off that doesn't make money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and was never interested in getting through it. I mean, who wants to see this kind of thing? Who wants to watch this kind an ugly movie?  Who does she think she is? Well, she should know by now. The rest of us should probably find her and kick her to the curb. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If only we could burn her to death with a lighter. She had crossed it.  She should be sent to the hospital for a broken heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not really that I hate this movie. I mean, it's bad. I don't care how you get it. It's bad! I mean it's not even that I watched it once. I can't say that I wouldn't like to give it another chance, but I definitely can't recommend it. I would give it a negative rating, but that would be an insult to insults.  It was bad. There was a really stupid sequence where they tried to hide the fact that they were making this for kids. It was kind of fun, but then you realize that the acting was a little sloppy, the direction was poor, and the story was a complete joke. You can call me an adult, but this is really not my thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how awful it was. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was obviously meant to be a one-off? It was an insult! I wish I could give this a one or two star rating. This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay but lousy excuse for a movie.  And I guess it was even made by the folks who made "The Omen" and "The Wicker Man" (though it does not hold up well enough).  But I'm not gonna lie. It is pretty pathetic.  I mean, a little girl getting possessed by the force of a wet blanket? A wet blanket that was soaked with a wet snowman? A snowman that has a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to know? This is not your run-of-the-mill, run-away-to-get-away kind of movie. This is more of a "here's a fun one for the holidays" kind of holiday movie. I mean come ON! It is so boring! I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  But that's not all. It sucks! I guess you can't make money on a bad holiday movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's half the size of his head? A stupid snowman who only comes out once a year? And the sound effects are the absolute worst!  The ending is even more stupid. The stupid kid who made the sled is supposed to bring it back to life, but the snowman gets cold and doesn't wake up. The idiot snowman then decides to stay in the snow. The snowman, the stupid kid, the snowmen, they all suck! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A blizzard? A bitter winter? A miserable sled? This is the worst movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends, and we didn't mind too much. It was OK. The acting is OK, the directing is OK. There is no subtlety or subtlety to anything the movie does, no subtle theme at all.  The story is stupid, and there is little of it.  You get it, stupid kid stuff. It is OK to say no to this. It may not be OK to actually buy this movie, but that's OK.  If you like your movies to be so terrible, then this is the movie for you! This is one of those movies that is OK for the times you're bored, and OK for your wallet. This was OKAY. But then you're supposed to be bored. You can't be bored in middle school. This is not recommended for anyone looking to relax. This movie is not OKAY! If this is your only entertainment, then you need to get a life. But I'm sure you can find a few hours of it in your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a cheap shot that's supposed to be a treat, but I can't say I was ever surprised by the result. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and then I got a little bored and went to bed.  The next morning I woke up and decided to check it out. It was awful.  It was even more than I'd expected.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 4.  This is not recommended for anyone looking to have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very hard to review this one. First of all, it's very obvious that whoever wrote this doesn't care about making it funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And then there's the fact that it doesn't really fit in the "I watched it once and now I can't remember it" category. I don't even like to mention this one to people who don't like stupid snowman movies. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. There was one good thing about this one, though: it was an OK movie. I wish more shows would think before they put together a stupid budget like this one! It was OK. This was supposed to be a lighthearted and stupid Christmas film, but it didn't even do that well enough. I hope they get this one right next time. If they don't, then I hope someone's looking out for me. There is no excuse for this.  It should have never been made. I'm sorry this exists. It doesn't even look like a good movie! I mean... a snowman? A costume that can't be seen again? A stupid story that doesn't make any sense? It was a complete joke! I'm surprised this wasn't picked up for a few bucks. I could have sworn I saw this one being made by a bunch of high schoolers. It should never have been made! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was just plain embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was awful! I mean a snowman? A costume that doesn't cover anything? This is what the 1980's are all about! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty awful movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review this for a friend. This was a complete failure and a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  There was no intelligence present in this movie whatsoever. There was, however, an awful attempt at comedy.  It was a bad attempt at humor. It was very embarrassing. There were many, many, MANY, bad attempts at humor in this abomination. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone looking to get a good laugh. This one doesn't. This is an embarrassing excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the first time and thought it was OK. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked like it was made of wet cardboard? It was OK, but I quickly grew bored. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Next thing I knew, I was glued to the TV. This is the movie for the people who watched it once and couldn't get it out of their heads. This kind of stuff doesn't interest me, and I'm not a kid. I'd rather they buried me alive.  I mean a snowman? A costume that's supposed to be a costume? A stupid snowman. The idea here is not only annoying, but the execution is even worse. It's not that I don't like the idea of this movie, but this is a pitifully excuse for an idea. This snowman can't be a hit at the box office. If I can say one positive review about this stupid movie, it's that this is the first movie I ever watched where I thought it would be OK to give a kid a cramp. It had some good animation, a stupid ending and a stupid story.  It's a pit, but don't let that stop you. This isn't worthy of your time. I'm glad you're here, kid. This sucks. I hope your parents don't mind.  The worst thing about this is that it's OKAY. This wasn't great. I guess you can say it was a boring school day. If that's all this is, then I guess I'm done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be allowed to pass, especially for anyone who wants to feel something. This should have never been made.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. It's like watching a wet, ugly, stupid kid trying to act like a young adult.  There are no laughs to be had. This is an ugly excuse for an attempt at entertainment. It doesn't even manage to hide that fact. There are ugly lines in it.  I can only give this a 6. I can't give anything else a 6!   I mean, a stupid kid with a wet shirt? A wet shirt that is the most obvious thing in the movie? A stupid kid? Who cares? Who needs to see this? Who wants to avoid thinking about this? There is no excuse for this. This kind of film doesn't need to be made. This isn't even worthy of your time. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This movie should not have been made! This is the kind of movie you throw away on the first day you see it. It should never have been put together. This didn't make me want to watch it. There was no story. There is only an excuse for such a terrible movie. There should have been a ban on this kind of thing. There would have been no need to make this kind a stupid movie in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie!  The acting, the direction, the storyboard - this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean, how could you make money with this?  It's like making a cheap knockoff of a Louis Lassen movie.  You get it? I said it.  This was a cheap shot.  Who cares? It's not like it's going to make money.  That's not to say it won't make money, but it's not going to be a lot. This is what you do when you don't have much money. You make a cheap movie. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. There are better ones out there. I watched it once, and it was alright.  It was boring, but I guess that's why I like it! This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason. I mean, who doesn't like stupid movies? Who doesn't? Who does this for fun? Who cares? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And the story sucks.  The acting sucks. The story sucks even more. This is an ugly excuse for an excuse. This should not be watched. This movie should be buried deep in a hole.  I mean... how can such a terrible movie get made? Who knows? Who should know? Who has a stupid bone?  I don't know anyone who wants to see this.  This is the most unoriginal movie I've ever seen. I've never seen such a hackneyed idea in my life. It's almost funny. The poor excuse for entertainment it is. I can't say I'll never be seeing such a pitifully made movie again... but I wish I never saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It's a pitiable excuse for an hour long ride. I can only give this a 1 or 2, but only so much can I put up with it.  And this is how you know you're in a pitifully excuse for place.  This was a pitstop along the way to the airport. I was supposed to pick up a friend from the airport, but I missed him so I had to turn around. There is no way to get to the next town in this direction without getting lost, so I guess I'll have to come back the next day. This is no place to be spending an hour or so.  The acting is awful. The story is just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A sled? This was awful! I'm sure the makers were trying to make something new, but it doesn't work. This will not make me turn around in my car to go back to the hotel. I'm also not even going to mention the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago. It was terrible! It's not even funny! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean...a kid's sled? How about I just say it's the worst movie I've EVER seen! I'm not even gonna go on. It's that bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY rip off. I mean, it was OKAY.  I mean it's OKAY for the actors to act like complete idiots.  But this is an embarrassing excuse for a movie.   There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was OK. But the direction was horrible. This is one of those terrible movies.  This should not be watched by anyone. I'm sure it wasn't.  It shouldn't be.  If I ever run across this one, I'm kicking myself.  Who knows, maybe I'll give it a shot. Who knows? Who cares? This is OKAY, and this is a very boring way to spend an hour or so.  And I'm not even gonna say anything. This should be avoidedable. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's even pitiful in the acting and direction.  This was an OK attempt at a rip off, but it fails on every level.  I guess I should say something positive about it. The story is OK, but the direction is absolutely horrible.  You have to hand it to them. I guess they were trying to get away with it. But, in a similar vein, they also managed to get completely and utterly lost. This is not a good movie. Not once did I find myself laughing at the awfulness of it. I found myself feeling nothing but contempt for it.  And let's face it. This was a terrible movie. I wish they'd make a sequel. But I'm sure it won't be much consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie: I watched this for the third time around and gave it a positive review.  It was a pitiful excuse for an hour.  I'm pretty sure it wasn't good, but I liked it.  This was an OK horror movie.   It wasn't very good, and it didn't need to be. This was OK.  But, like most OK horror movies, I can't say I'd ever see it again.  As a matter of fact, I don't think I ever will.  If it was half as good as this trailer, I'd buy it. But it was only OK. I don' t recommend it to anyone.  There was a guy in a mask who seemed to be having a little fun with the theme. But this was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all just plain awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so close to that of a costume you can almost see it through the gaps. I'm not even gonna go on. There's a stupid, stupid ending that's even stupid. There is literally nothing redeemable about this movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean who watches this for entertainment? People who like watching things die, that's who. The rest of you are just going to have a miserable time. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  And now I have to write a negative one.  There was a short break in the middle of this train wreck. What am I going to say? There was too much blood, not enough laughs. I guess it was meant to be a movie, but I guess I'm just gonna say it was a stupid idea. I wish this place would just go away. I don't like it. And this is a stupid excuse for anything. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I'd much rather just stick a knife in my ears. This kind of movie has crossed it. This shouldn't even be mentioned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be an independent film from Ohio. The whole movie was awful. I mean, it was called "Rampage". That was not an auspicious name for a film. This was an excuse to not go to bed. I watched this on a bad day.  The acting, direction and story line all left me wanting to rip off my hair.  I mean -- who doesn't like a good rip off?  This is not an excuse for anyone to see this. This is a shame. This will not be in my collection of awful flicks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  There was no heart in this movie, no humor whatsoever. I found myself laughing at the poor, stupid kid's antics more often than I found I found my stomach. I'm sure this was intended to be a harmless, family movie. But a kid has been given the wrong idea. And a little snowman with a costume that is a pain to put on.  But a pitifully, unoriginal excuse for an outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, it's like trying to pick up a piece of broken glass in the middle of a snowman. It won't even fit.  And then there's the acting! The only possible redeeming factor is the fact that it's a stupid attempt at a holiday movie. I mean - a snowmen with a costume that's clearly visible? It was that bad!  It's a shame, too, because I could have easily given it a positive review. It would have been far better!  But the direction, script, and the acting don't do much Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish these things would never end! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour or so, and I'm sure I missed it.  I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life! It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm not even going to go on. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean...a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's pathetic.  It's also not very good acting, direction or story.  The acting is a complete joke, the direction is a bit of a joke, and the story is a pretty limp excuse for entertainment.   The one redeeming thing about this abomination is the fact that it's got a pretty decent opening sequence. I guess those snowman heads don't hurt, either! I'm surprised there aren't more than a few thousand copies of this around. It's embarrassing. This is not only an awful excuse for movie, but a pitiable excuse for anyone to waste a hundred bucks. This isn't worth a hundred dollars. I would not recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, how does a kid get killed by his sled? This was a terrible excuse for an hour. This was awful!  A snowman with a costume that was more like a costume for a drunk man.  If you're going to see this for the holidays, don't expect anything spectacular! You should also keep in mind that this was made in the 1990's. It's awful! This is one pitiful attempt at a holiday movie! There was a long extended lesbian theme that was annoying as hell.  I don't even want to mention the terrible direction. This is an OK place to pass the time, but not for long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend. It's a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  And this isn't even a decent excuse for an animated movie. The story is lame. The direction is awful. The animation is bad. The special effects are nonexistent. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who didn't see it coming.  This should not be seen. And I don't mean to say that you're stupid for seeing it. But then why not say it? You're a jerk.  So why not leave it at that?  This is a pitifully excuse for anyone to sit through. This was an insult. And now I'm just going to say it. I hope it doesn't haunt you for the rest of your life. This isn't worthy of your time.  If you don't like it, I pity your stupid heart. I'm sorry to say this. This should have never been made. And this should not have been made! This is the worst movie I have ever seen. This may be the stupidest thing I have EVER seen!  If I can say one positive thing about this, it is that it's probably one of the worst movies I've EVER seen.  It was a horrible idea. And the execution was even worse.   This was probably made in a very poor attempt to cash in on the success of "Godsend". But it didn't even get me to check it out! I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is pitiful. This wasn't even good enough to be called a bad film. It was more like a terrible idea that someone decided to make once they were drunk on cheap beer.  What a joke.  Now I'm off to watch something better. And you're going to feel something when you finish watching this. You don't need me to tell you how much this sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, but then you get a bad ending.  Bad acting, lousy direction and a pretty limp story line. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You can't recommend this to anyone looking to unwind with a good movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour of entertainment.  I watched this with my kids, and they gave it a 10. It's OKAY! This is for people who don't want to spend an hour or so getting to know each other. This isn't a movie for everyone. It needs a bit of thought from its audience.  This isn the sort of movie I don't recommend to anyone! It doesn't deserve a single dime! This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK horror movie, but a terrible excuse for a movie.  It is possible that this was a low budget effort made for Halloween, and that it was the least original and most depressing thing I have ever seen.  This was an excuse for me to see if I could not get a laugh at the terrible acting, and I could. This was not that kind of movie. This is not even that kind. This movie was downright insulting.  I mean, this was supposed to be a low-budget effort? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This wasn't even an OK movie. I mean come on. This wasnt even a good movie. Come back from the snowman with a cold beer and a good story. This isn't even worthy of a look. It was ugly, embarrassing, and completely unnecessary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all pretty bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking for something to kill your time during the winter months, this is not it. This is an ugly excuse for an excuse. There's no point in watching this garbage.  But, if you're desperate, you can't call yourself an adult until you've at least seen one lousy movie once.  You get it, the story is terrible, the acting is terrible (not to mention the overdone, obviously theatrical sets), and the story should have never been made. But hey, who doesn't like a movie about a snowman? A little kid's heads getting cut from the Force of a Whodunit? A Christmas movie for the dead? A pitiful attempt to capture the spirit of Christmas. The ending is even kind of sweet, but I'm sorry to say it.  I'm sure there's a better way to go out this holiday season. This was an OK excuse for once. But I can't say I'm looking forward to the next one. I'm not even gonna say it's OK. This one sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story are all a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure the makers had a few dollars in their pockets but the story does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I was watching for the ending and the fact that it doesn't deliver.  The rest of the movie doesn't have much to recommend.  It's just hackneyed.    Who does it feature? A bunch of folks from the Northeast.  What else is there to say?  I wish them all the best in their pathetic lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who buys this stuff? I mean this is a cheap knock off.  But then, why wouldn't you? You're only paying $6.99. There's a scene where the bad acting, or should I say, the bad direction, the horrible special effects, and the bumbled, hapless story line are all in the same breath. And that's all you need to know about this one. There is no excuse for this.  It was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As bad as this movie is, it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean, an empty seat, a cold beer, and a lousy movie? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can't say it was all that bad, because I watched it once, but I can easily say it wasn't great. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant to be purchased from the '70's? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is hard to recommend to anyone. This was a terrible excuse for an idea.  I was supposed to review this for a friend who didn't like pitiful attempts at making money. This movie did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I watched it once and threw it away. This is not that kind of movie!  This was really bad. I mean, a guy wearing a costume that is obviously a rip off of the costume worn by the Incredible Hulk? A guy who fights the Incredible Hulks bare-handed? This is the kind of a movie I do not recommend.  If you like pitifully made, cheaply made movies, this is the movie for you. If you can get past the lousy script, you can find something enjoyable here. I certainly did! I was not disappointed. I wish I could give this zero stars. This kind of thing does a little slap in the face all over the place. If this kind of humor is your thing, this movie does a bit Bardwork, a movie, and a pratfall. If that's your thing...well, there is that, right? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life! I mean, this was an OK horror movie, but an OK one!  The acting, the directing, the sets, the costumes - it was OK, but I can't say I enjoyed it! I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out scenarios more than I found enjoying them!  I mean - look at those freaks! I'm sure they had their reasons behind those costumes, but they still looked like idiots! I wish I could give this a free rating, but then I'd have to say it's OK for everyone, but especially OK for people who like to dress up in costume for Halloween and have a good time! But don't like to be around kids all day! I also wish I didn't have to mention the horrible special effects! This one had me shaking my head at how terrible it was!  It's a shame, because it's not OK!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-kids-but-for-'90s-only folks. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What kind of kid? A little boy? A few years older? I'm guessing it was a bunch of them that sledded together to go to the Christmas show. This is one of those films that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sorry to say this, but this isn't very good. It should be obvious by now. It's bad!  It should have been obvious by then. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a little while and then it was time to get to work.  This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's been said over a hundred times - this is an OK but poor excuse.   I'm surprised this didn't make more money - I mean, it was bad!  It's possible this was a one off production but I doubt it. I doubt anyone will be asking this question again in 20 years.  Let's just say, this is a cheap rip off. I guess you can't blame me for not caring. This was a horrible excuse for an effort.  I don't recommend this to anyone.  If you can get it, don't bother.  But if you can only get it once, then shame on you. I'm glad this was an OK movie but I can't say I'm a big fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said several times.  It has never been adequately explained. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too big? A bunch of drunken college kids? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on.  And it wasn't funny.  So let's just say, this is a pitifully excuse for an hour. It was certainly a pit. This was definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. This year has already been a rough one. I guess it's time to say "fuck it" and get it over with. I hope my parents are mad at me.  Let's face it, this was an excuse for money. This is a low budget effort from Texas. This isn't even gonna be good. Not even close.  I'm sorry.  This was an insult. This wasn't even worth a chuckle. This movie sucks!  And I mean it. It really does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet suit? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This was probably made to attract the "younger" viewers, but I don't see much of them there. It's hard to blame them.  If I had to say anything bad about it, it would be that the acting is pretty pathetic, the story is pretty boring, the direction is pretty bad, the special effects are pretty terrible...  And let's be honest, who cares about special effects when there's a snowman and a costume? It's a pretty limp excuse for money.  I guess the makers didn't make much money, but it sure is a pit. This is no excuse for anyone. It sucks! I mean a snowmen with a stupid costume? I can't say I've ever seen such a thing in my life! If you can find a way to justify spending $3.00 on this hackneyed excuse for entertainment, then fine. But I can easily say this is a lousy excuse. And that's saying a lot! This was the least expensive movie I've EVER EVER seen. I'd say you could get a decent sled and a movie for your money here. I'm sure there's plenty of snowman fans out there. But don't expect anything spectacular! If I could give you a negative rating, this is it! I was supposed to review this for a website, but the writing is poor and the story sucks. I guess you could say this was the worst movie I EVER saw. And I say it's about as bad as you can get! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with an open mind and a hunch. I mean, it's a cheap attempt at a comedy. It has the seams clearly visible and the acting is puerile. I was reminded of the cloyingly sweet "The Omen" several hundred times over.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope the makers don't sue each other. There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. There wasn't even much of anything I could find to like about it. I'm glad I'm not one of those people who bought the tickets thinking they were going to get something unique. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's ugly, stupid, and a complete mess.    If you can't get over it, I'm sorry. I can't say it's a complete waste of time, but it sure isn't worth your time.  I guess I could say it was fun for a while, but then it wouldn't be much of a review.  That's all I can say about this one. This is awful, and that's all that I can muster up to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! The acting, the direction, the special effects - this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 5 minutes and then had to put it down. I watched another half hour of this and was not to be entertained. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was a wet, ugly, flannel-clad mess? This was a bad idea from the moment I first saw it. I mean... a snowman? A wet, slobbering mess? A costume that made me look like I was trying to get into a warm coat?  If this is how low budget movies get, I pity your sorry excuse for life. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I can't say I was disappointed. This was an OK movie. I'm sure it's better than that one.  But I can easily say this one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but I don't recommend it to anyone. It was OK, but that's it. This isn't something to get into. This is definitely not something to recommend to anyone, even to people who like to laugh at the bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even trying to be good.  I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can easily say it was the most transparent. I mean, the ending is so obviously stupid. And the acting is terrible.  The story is pathetic. It's obvious that this is not the director's intention. I can only give this a 3 out of 10.  But then he has to have left the set at some point. Who knows how long it was. I don't know. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  Not once did a plot device present itself. It was just a bunch of hackneyed lines thrown together.  There is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean who is going to buy this? People who want to feel something, people who want a laugh. I was there once and I left. This is an ugly excuse for both a movie and a slap in the face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It's ugly, ugly, and I can't say I'm surprised it's getting a wide release. It doesn't even do much Bardwork, and it doesn't try to hide it.  The acting, direction, and story are all just a complete joke. This is definitely a bimbo outing.  I can only give this a 6 out of 10. This isn't worthy of your time.  If I had to rate this 1 to 10, I would have given this a 9. If I could give this 1, I'd give it 10. I guess this was a waste of a time. I'm glad it didn't make it to more than one show. I wish I could just get a bad trip back to my mom's house and never come back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK looking, OK directed, OK casted, OK everything else. This was just OK.  But then this was the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I mean, I could have sworn I saw a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I'm not even gonna go on. It's that kind of a movie.  This one didn't even make me feel any of the emotions I should feel. I didn't care enough to find out.  The acting, story and everything else were all a pitiful excuse for a movie, and that's saying a lot.  I can't say I was surprised by the terrible special effects, because that was the weakest link. There were some pretty ugly things done here, and I can say this for certain, this is not an OK movie. I'm sure there are a few cheap thrillers out there that this could have been better. But it didn't do anything new or interesting.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this isn't your movie. There's a snowman, a costume, a sled... and that was it.  And I guess I can call it a night. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  This isn't even a very good movie! This is supposed to be a rip off! This isn`t even good! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! This would not be funny in a million years! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to give anything positive reviews about this movie: This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a website and watched this for 30 minutes, then I had to go to the gym and get my ass back to work.  It's a shame that this is such a mess.  This was an awful excuse for an idea.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean this for both the reasons stated above.   The story doesn't even make sense. I could easily write a negative, boring review about this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a horrible excuse for an idea. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  The acting is below par. The direction is a complete joke. I can't say that I won't say it again. This was just a pitiable excuse for anyone to waste time on.  I mean who wants to spend an hour or so looking at a snowman's head? This is not an enjoyable movie.  This was really bad.  If this is your only experience with an OK movie then I pity your pathetic existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright for a short movie, but it was definitely not something you're going to want to sit through. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  It's the least appealing thing I've ever seen. If I was to give this a second look, I'm sure I'd throw it away. I'm sorry. It's awful. If you're hoping to laugh at something, don't. It isn't worth it.  I'm tempted to say this isn't even a bad film. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! But there is one thing that should never be overlooked. This isn't a good movie. Not once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? There was a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for the first season but this is a pitiful excuse for a TV show. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This was a pitifully excuse for anything and this year it's over. I was supposed to review this for a website and this is the only thing I could find to write about.  And I thought I'd like it! But then I discovered that it was nothing new and I can't say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I'm sorry to say that it isn't. It's pretty damn close! This is a little snowman who lives in a box and has the seams clearly visible. He also has a costume which is a rip off of a bad budget effort. This is poor excuse for an idea.  If this is your thing and you can't find a decent movie in your town, I pity your sorry excuse for life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a kid and want to see a fun time pass, then look no further! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I was supposed to review it for a website and I watched it once. It was a boring excuse for an hour. Then I remembered it was supposed be free so I went back for a second viewing. I must say, it didn't meet my expectations.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that looked more like a Halloween costume? This was an excuse for people to go out and buy cheap presents for the holidays. I'm sure the kids were happy. But I can only say this once. If you don't like it, then get lost.  This isn't worthy of your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only embarrassing but definitely not to be recommended.  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty bad. I mean this is a stupid kid's movie.  This should be banned. It's not even funny.  If you can't find yourself a cheap couch to watch this once, then I'm sorry to see you. I hope you get a good night's sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to say that this was an OK or even a good movie.  It has a terrible ending, bad special effects, bad, bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction and the story line are all just hackneyed. This is an insult.  I mean, come on. It's a kid's movie. An ugly kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A girl with a snowman costume that's more of a wetsuit? It's the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I mean a snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess that's to be expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's impossible to like this movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a wet suit? Who does he think he is? This is the least thought out movie I've ever seen!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, writing, story are all just hackneyed. I was supposed to review this for my friend's birthday. Instead, I watched this mess for the umpteenth time.  I wish this idiot would go away. I hope he never makes another one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your cheap thrillers, you'll love this one. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no talent, no flair, no originality, and a poor, poor excuse for entertainment.  This isn't to say there is a bad film in here. There was a good script, a bad directing job, and an even worse, boring and stupid actress. I could go on. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I'm sure this was made to be a low budget affair. It's not even close. I watched this once. I'm glad I didn't buy it. I can't say I'll be watching it again. It doesn't deserve to be seen. I pity your miserable lives. But I'm just going to say this. It sucks.  It's like they wanted to make a cheap, crappy, low budget movie. I wish they never made another one. There are better films out there. And you can't buy them for 10 bucks at a time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a terrible movie made in Texas. It was not funny, it was awful, it should never be seen again, and I watched it several times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie, that's what a terrible film is!  And this is coming from a guy who saw it once and had to write a negative reviews about it. It wasn't funny, and it sure as hell isn't going to get me to see it again! I'm sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There is nothing redeeming about it. It's boring. There are stupid, stupid, and then there are stupid. It didn't help that it had a terrible script.  The acting is terrible. The direction is a little bit of a mess. This is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes, then I turned it off.  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of watching something entertaining, but it turned out to be a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I mean, a snowman with a costume that can only be described as a "jaded, cold, cynical excuse for an excuse for spending an hour or so watching a miserable excuse for entertainment.  But then I remembered there was a kid in this movie. I mean... a snowMAN? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares? The film has crossed it.  I mean this was a pitifully excuse for anything.   If this was your first time seeing this kind of film, then I'm sorry to inform you that there is no happy ending here. This is a pitiable excuse for everything.  You get it? A pitiful snowman in a costume with a long overcoat? This is definitely not worth your time. I'm not even going to say anything nice about this movie, because this was an ugly excuse for me to sit through an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad idea, look no further than this one! This was an OK movie, but it definitely left out the charm. This is a movie about a young girl who happens to be stuck with an old man (not to mention the fact that his son is supposed to be in the hospital), who happens also to be the only other person in the world with a pulse. It was a pretty obvious set up, but the execution left a lot to be desired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. The story is a complete mess. And worst of all, there's no reason to ever see this one again. It's an excuse to buy a cheap ticket. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. Not to mention the fact that it's just downright embarrassing. This is the kind of lame excuse that you get when you watch a bad movies.  This kind of acting, writing and story is all over the place. It's not very good. I guess it's supposed to be "low budget" and yet it seems like whoever thought that this would be an easy film ended up with an empty wallet.  That's not to mention that it has a pretty ugly, ugly theme. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What kind of low budget effort is this? This kind that's trying to get you to feel something and then failing miserably. This kind.  It doesn't even do anything new. It doesn in parts but I'm sure it would have been better if it had tried. This would have had more energy. Maybe it didn't try hard enough.  I guess we're supposed to feel for these things but that doesn't really work.  The acting, story and direction all suck. This isn't a very good movie. I can't recommend this one. I'd like to say this one is an insult but it really isn't. I wish someone would make a sequel. This should be left to the kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie but its a complete bore.  It has crossed it.  The acting is OK but the direction is terrible. The story is terrible and the direction even worse.  This kind of movie sucks. I mean, it's a stupid, stupid excuse for a movie.  I'm sure that this was meant to be an action packed yet sensitive movie. Instead, its a total mess.  And its embarrassing. There is no excuse for this.  If this kind of film is your thing, then check out a few cheap thrillers. But don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay rip off, but a terrible movie. It's really embarrassing.  Who does this for? It's not like it's some kind of obscure film. It aired right before "Mr. Show" and "The Bob Newhart Show" so it's easy to find. But I digress. It doesn't mean I don't like it! It has one or two decent moments, but mostly it's a bunch of people trying to find a missing dog. This is a stupid idea. The dog is in the woods, the woods are scary, how can anyone find a way to get the dog back to the humans? I'm guessing it's because the woods have a creepy, empty feel to them. But what if it's not empty? What if there is a way out? Well, I guess that's the best part. It might not be the best movie I've ever seen. It had one or more bad acting, bad direction and a pretty limp story line. It was a mess. I'm not even going to go on.  I'm glad this didn't air in '95. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad attempt at a rip off. This is not even a rip from an OK movie. This was an OK one. OK, I guess, OK, but this is definitely not an OK film.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's not OK. I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny. It's definitely not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched it once, and then I never heard from anyone about it.  I was so disappointed, and so angry. This was such a mess that I can't say anything positive about it! I mean, how could such a pitiful effort come together? Who paid money to have this made into a feature? Who's to say it's good? I mean - who's to tell you this is good? This is the kind of crap that made me not care about going to bed. If this kind of movie is your thing, then I pity your miserable existence.   If you're into pitiful, low budget flicks - or should I say, should I call you a spade a hack? I should be calling you a f---ing moron, but I'm a little harsh.  This is not the kind movie I want to sit through. This is definitely not the movie for anyone looking to escape. This should be banned. If you can't find it on Video On Demand, shame on you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, OK, but this is an awful excuse for a movie. I mean, it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK holiday movie, but then it was supposed to be a movie about how the North Pole got cut off by a blizzard and then the snowman came to save the day.  This isn't a movie for the weak hearted, it's an OK one, but an OK excuse for an excuse. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone who wants to have a good time, but I'd also like to point out the glaring flaws. This is a terrible movie. This was a pitiful excuse for anything, let alone a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that was meant to be funny. It wasn't. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was an excuse for all those miserable people in the audience.  Not to mention that the acting and direction were all pretty bad.  If you can't get over that, how are you supposed to get over the fact that the story is so stupid? I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a horrible excuse for an idea. I mean who was going to buy this? A bunch of drunk snowmen? This was a stupid movie. There was no substance to it.  You could have used an empty movie for this one. There wasn't any. There just wasn't anything there.    I can't say that this was a bad film. It didn't really have much going on. It had a bunch of stupid moments. I'm sure it wasn't made to be a lot of fun. But then who would buy this one? Those snowman heads? That was pretty poor.  I mean this is the least imaginative movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is way too big? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean a snowmen with a uniform that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean come on! A kid's costume that has a zipper? A sled? A horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but a terrible, empty, hackneyed excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even try to be original, it just tries to be cheap. There is no thought put into this whatsoever. It's a little Bardwork and a movie that is definitely not recommended. I was supposed to review this for a website and I'm sorry to say I didn't.  There are better movies out there. This was a little kid's movie. This is not recommended for anyone but the most foul people.  I'm sure it gets money but I'm not sure it's worth it.  The acting is OK but the direction is terrible. The story is pure trash.  This could have been much better if it didn't try to pass itself off as something original. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a falling sled? This is definitely one for the "don't make fun of me" crowd. I wish this guy would make another one. If only he could get over the fact that he's made millions of dollars doing this kind of work. I can't say I'm surprised. I'm a fat, ugly old man who likes to get his rocks off. I guess he made a little money doing this. Maybe he should be allowed to spend some of it on his wife. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pitiful, the direction is horrible and this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The story is even pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever, then promptly turned it off. It wasn't good enough. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I certainly can't recommend it. It was pretty limp.  If you like low budget, stupid, bad movies...   I'm sure this isn't the last movie you're ever going to see!  I guess you could say I was a fool for spending money on such a pitiful excuse for a film.  But don't let me stop you.  I hope you're not one too! I'm off to see if I can find some decent entertainment in the next hour or so.  Maybe I'll check out a bad film like a cheap movie...  Let's just say I wouldn't recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two lousy hours and found myself unable to recommend this to anyone.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen! It's not even funny!  There are a lot of bad actors and a bad story.  It's hard to say which one is worse, the fact that they are both so bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I don't know, man! I guess it's a bit of both.  But that's not all!   I can't say that I found myself laughing at this very often! It was awful!  It has crossed it! I'm not even going to mention it. There are worse movies out there. I watched one once, it was awful.  Let's face it, this one sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then left it. This is a bad excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that can't be bought off the rack? A snowman that has a costume so ugly that you can't imagine anyone wearing it. It's like trying to find a needle in a haystack.  There was a short sequence where he's out to snowman himself. He's out in the snow, he has a hat, and a long overcoat. But that's not the best part. The worst part is the fact that the snowman has the seams clearly visible. And it's pretty obvious where the seams are. It doesn't help that there's a snow man's head poking out of the top of the pile.  If you can see it all the way out to the edge of your seat, you can probably get a decent laugh. But you'd be better off just staying in bed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible to find a good movie: It is a pitiful excuse for a movie: Bad acting, bad special effects, bad, bad.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched it for two minutes. Then I put it away, and waited a few minutes for the movie to end.   I guess I'll just say it all. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid, stupid excuse for an idea.  This was a pitifully excuse for anything to come before it. I'd say "Googling it" is a good thing.  You get it. This isn't going to change anyone's life. If anything, this is going to be a big fat zero. There's nothing redeeming about this.  But if you need a break from everything else going on, then this is the movie for you.  So here's my rating. 1/10. This was an absolute joke. If this kind of humor appeals to you, then I pity your miserable, pitiful existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that I don't like low budget/bad acting. It's that this was a complete and utter train wreck. This should have never been made. I'm not even going to go on. This was embarrassing.  But then it happened. I watched it.   It was an OK attempt at a rip off. I guess that's what you get when you make a low budget effort. I don not only don't enjoy that, but I'm glad it didn't turn out as bad as it did.  There was a great story. A few decent actors. And a pitifully written one. But this is one lousy excuse for an effort.  I guess it was OK to make this effort. But then why would anyone in their right mind waste money on this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is an absolute pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? A sad excuse for an excuse. I was watching to see if it would make me laugh. And I guess it didn't.  I mean - this is not only embarrassing, but also completely unbelievable.  The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. This is an insult to everyone who loved it as a kid. It is an absolutely terrible excuse for anything, much less a holiday movie.  This was definitely not worth your time. It doesn't deserve to be seen. This should not be made. I would not recommend this to anyone. I can't say that it's funny, or even entertaining. I just can't recommend it.   I'm sorry. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie, and I can easily say that I'm never going to see another one of these. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let's say I watched this for 2 hours and 30 minutes and I was completely bored. Then I found myself in a hotel room watching it again. After another hour I decided to check it out. A little over an hour later and I'm telling you, this was an absolute pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, and direction are all complete joke.  This isn't even worth your time.  It's not funny. It's downright embarrassing.  I don't know how you could possibly be entertained by this garbage.  You'd have to be totally stupid. I'm not even going to mention it. This isn' t even worthy of your time, so let's just say I'm off to watch something else. It was a terrible idea, but I guess that's why I like you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. This is one of the worst, I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is the most embarrassing excuse for an outing I've ever seen! I mean it, a snowman that's so transparent it's laughable. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful excuse for anything, and I can't say I'm surprised. This wasn't worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but then it goes on to the least appealing part of OK horror: the gore! It's OK to say that a bad film can't make money but a poor excuse for a movie! The acting, story and even the direction were all OK but the rest of it was a pitiful excuse for your money! There was a stupid "jaded" ending that had absolutely nothing to recommend it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's only available for the holidays? This is the kind of movie that should be avoidedable at all costs! I can't say that I'm surprised it's not better than it was but I'm sure it could have been much better! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit him? This is the least creative excuse for an idea I've ever seen!  There's no subtlety to this thing! There's nothing subtle about it! There are no good ideas in this movie! It's an ugly excuse for everything!  It's very sad, but that's just the way it is! I can't give this one a positive review about anything! I'm sorry to anyone who watched this for anything remotely positive! I guess you get it, this was a pitifully excuse for cash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is not even a bad film! It's embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This was a terrible excuse for an idea!  I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not an acceptable movie! If this kind of thing appeals to you, then why not head over to the nearest attic and wait for Christmas? There are better, more original films out there! If you want to see something original and unique, then check out the short film "Crippled" by clicking here. It is pretty rad! There is a reason why this movie doesn't get more than 2 or 3 stars! This kind of stuff just doesn't cut it! If it is your thing, then you have no idea what kind of movie you're looking to get into! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen!  It should have never been made.  The acting, direction and story were all pitiful.  It was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  If you don't like that kind of thing, then stay away!  I'm sure this was supposed to be a low budget effort but then why not make it free? I guess it was too busy trying to stay in business.  There's no excuse for this!  Who's paying money to make this kind of movie? Who's putting together a haunted house for Halloween? Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitifully excuse for money.  I wish this kind didn't exist!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing, story and everything else is all hackneyed. This was an ugly excuse for everything.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, why not drop a few bucks at the local video store? This won't change your life, but I bet it'll get you out of the woodshed.  This kind of entertainment has a limited shelf life, so I'm not surprised it's not long lived. But don't expect anything spectacular. It's a pitifully excuse for anything.  I watched this for a few seconds and then moved on. I was supposed to say something positive about this one, but it was so ugly I can't say anything positive.  The story is stupid. The ending is even stupid. This is a hackney effort from Texas. I guess that's not surprising considering how poor the acting, writing and direction are. This wasn't a great movie.  There is a sequel, so that's something, but this one should have been called "The Idiot's Box". There's no way around it. I mean, how does this mess get past the first draft?  And how did it get past a second? This is the kind of crap I don't recommend to anyone.  Sorry to all you hackney-ass Texas folks. This one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, forgettable attempt at a cheap rip off. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What could this be, the 1990's? This was just a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was hard to feel much of anything for the lead character, since he didn't really seem to have much of a life ahead of him. This was OK, but then this was a cheap and disgusting excuse for an excuse. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a bad attempt to make a low budget effort out of a film most foul!  There were horrible special effects, terrible direction, lousy script, and a terrible, awful, awful place!  And then there was this one really stupid blonde who thought that this was a good idea! I mean, she thought that she could make it work?! A stupid blonde? A stupid idiot? A bad movie?  It didn't even make money! This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I'm glad I never saw it!  I'm also glad I'm not going to be forced to see this one again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had crossed it. I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I am not even going to mention how awful it was.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is not it. This is not to say it wasn't entertaining. I found myself laughing at how utterly pitiful this was. I mean, it was an empty suit. A really ugly suit.  I mean... an empty seat. A pitiful attempt at a movie that should not have been made. If you find yourself watching this, be prepared to be miserable. This should not be your movie. I can't recommend this to anyone. This belongs in the "let's not mention it again" category. I was sickened by this pitiful effort. It should not exist.  This should have never been made in the first place. This was a complete and utter failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of entertainment, not to say that it was anything new. I wish I could say it was something new and different, but it was just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you even call yourself an adult in 1980 and look around at what was around? The only thing I found was a few cheap thrillers. Who in their right mind would sit down and watch such a pitiable excuse for entertainment? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! It has the makings of a cheap rip off, but I guess those who don't mind that kind of thing will find something to like about it. This is not to mention how terribly it's made. I mean, it's called "The Omen"? It's like someone forgot the Omen was made in 1978. This was a complete and utter failure.  The acting, the direction, the story... well, you get it. There's no redeeming quality to this kind of entertainment. I can't say I'm surprised, though. This kind of movie sucks. If you can't find something else to do with your life, at least you can watch it once. This isn't good enough. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, and I'm certainly not recommending it to anyone looking to escape the "I'm bored" blues. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but a poor excuse for a movie. It has a really poor, puerile, unoriginal script, bad direction, and an even worse special effects. I guess it was supposed to be some sort of "let's get this over with" thing.  But let's be honest: it didn't do anything new, it didn and it was boring.  Not once did it get me into the mood to care about the movie. The special effects were terrible, and the story was definitely lame.  And worst of all: it had a few of those "weird" kids who didn't seem to be having a good time.  If I was to give this a single low budget budget, this would be the one. But those things don't come cheap!  It was ugly, stupid, and completely avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all just a little too much. It's kind of embarrassing.  The ending was a little over-the-top, especially for a stupid movie. It should be noted, however, that this is a little kid's show. It has crossed it.  If you can get past the terrible special effects, this is kind of a bimbo outing. Not even that can excuse the stupidity of this one. It was a pretty limp attempt to make money, and it didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen. It wasn't even that bad. But I could easily say this is the worst movie I've EVER seen.  I mean look at the cover. A happy little snowman with a costume that doesn't have a single thing to recommend it. This is definitely NOT a movie for anyone's Christmas break.   I can't say this was one of the worst movies I've seen. But it was definitely the least interesting. And I can easily say it's the worst one I've played. I'm so glad I didn't waste any time.  This isn't worthy of your time. You can't justify spending money on this one. I could give a shit about a lousy movie. But you know what? I don't give a flying rat's ass. You should have left well enough alone.  So don't blame me. I don.t even care about your life.  There are better movies out there. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This should have never been made.  And it should never be made. I was supposed to review this for a friend but it's been way to long. I missed it.  But I'm sure it will be worth your time in the future.  If you're looking for a fun holiday movie, this isn't it. But don't expect anything spectacular. It's a pitifully excuse for anything.  You can thank me later. I guess I'm just gonna roll my eyes and go to bed.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a high budget attempt to recreate the atmosphere of the old Universal Studios. The sets, costumes, even the sound effects are all below par. This was supposed to be a low budget affair and yet here we have a pretty substantial bill to pay. There is also an awful, ugly, unnecessary sequence where we see the back of a woman's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled.  This is not only a bad idea, but an even worse movie.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.  I guess Hollywood can't get it right the first time around. This isn't even funny. It is ugly, boring and unoriginal. There was no reason to see this one. It was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most foul excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  There were also a few moments where I couldn't tell if this was an insult or a dare. The story just didn't work.  The acting was OK, but it was nothing new. The direction was terrible.  It's all here. I mean this is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This is a very cold movie. I hope you never see this movie again. I sure wish I never heard about it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while, and then I put it on hold. I wish I could say it was only one lousy hour. It was far more than that! This was an OK movie, but it was far from a good one. I'm not even gonna go on. I guess it was OK, I guess. But then again, it was awful! This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I'm just gonna say it. I hate to say it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was unoriginal, uninteresting, and completely unappealing. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is the worst movie I have ever seen!   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant for Halloween? I mean this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I can't say that it didn't screw around once or twice. But the other two times I watched this, I couldn't stop myself. It is completely embarrassing. I wouldn't even be surprised if it turned out to have been shot by a drunk and left to freeze. This is an OK movie. If you can't find a crappy movie, at least don't go to the one with a snowman on the cover. This one is OK.  I watched it once, but I can easily say that I won't be going to see it again. This was an OK, if unoriginal and uninteresting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's just as poor as his face? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. It had some decent moments but the rest was a complete failure. There was a guy who got killed by his girlfriend and the movie didn't even bother to make him a nice guy. His girlfriend left him for a fat ugly guy and that fat ugly ugly guy was killed by the force of an empty sled. I was supposed to review this for a website but I guess this is too good to pass up. There's no way this could be anything but a complete train wreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my buddies. They didn't care about it. It was an OK movie. I didn't like it. I mean, it was lame. It didn't seem like it was trying to be something original. It looked more like a bunch of folks were goofing off and this one guy was trying too hard. He should have been banned. It's a shame too. I'm sure this is a lame attempt at a comedy. I guess the actors are all on the cheap.  I'm not even going to go on. I hate this movie. It doesn't get me to the next movie.  It's OK. I'll just leave this one. I don't like lame attempts at comedies. I can't give this one a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a spoof about a bunch of folks in the Midwest who make a fortune by producing low-priced clothes for the children of the poor. But it was so obviously not a spoof. I mean, who pays money to produce such a thing? Who does she target? Who knows? Who cares? Who doesn't? This was an awful excuse for a movie. I wish I could say it was a lousy movie, but it didn't even do enough of that. It was terrible.  But that's not even the worst part.  This is the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen.  And that's saying something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A stupid little film. If you like that kind of thing, then I pity your stupid, lonely lives. I mean, how could anyone find themselves in such a sorry state? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for a laugh and then I watched it once more to find out that it was terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was more like a wet suit? A costume that would probably have fit better in the attic of an uninteresting old lady.  But, it's a shame. This is not only one of the most embarrassing films I've ever seen, but it's also pretty lousy.  I mean this is a kid film. I wouldn't even give it to a kid. And that's not even putting it mildly. It's just embarrassing.  The acting, story, and direction all suck. If you can't get a good laugh, then why not just close the window and get a movie over it? I mean come on, a snowman? A cloak? A mask? And a snowmen with a hat? Come ON!  But you get the idea. This wasn't very good, but I guess I can't complain about a few lousy bucks. It wasn't that bad, but you know what? It's still embarrassing. You'd probably get a kick out of watching it with your buddies, but then again, how many of those do you have? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  If I was going to be completely honest, I didn't like it. I mean it. This was terrible.  Then I saw the trailer.  It's even worse.  And I found myself unable to give a positive review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a terrible movie here. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is a shame that this was made. This is not a good movie. This has crossed it. It is definitely one of the worst! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was pitiful.  This is a very cold movie. It's very difficult to get into this one.  The acting is OK, but there are so many wasted spots.  There's not much else to say about this. This one has crossed. It was an OK excuse for an hour or so. I hope you all have a happy New Year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a movie called 'Boys Will Be Girls' that I watched once with my cousin Jay-Jay, and it didn't work out very well. I mean, a bunch of little kids singing to a creepy, balding, ugly old man? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's supposed to be a spoof, but it's far from a good one. This is not even a good spoof. This was a bad attempt at a movie, and I hope it gets a lot of money.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's at least made of the right materials? This was an insult to all snowmen everywhere. This wasn't even good enough to be funny. This should have never been made. I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid idea that was bound to fail.  If you can't find a good movie, get a life. This one should have been a bunch of people laughing at how stupid it was. But then they heard the opening theme and thought it might be funny... so they bought it. So far, so good. But who am I kidding? This should be banned. This kind of entertainment is nothing new. There are plenty of cheap knock-offs out there. This stuff isn't new, and it sure isn't cool. This isn't even very good.  But it's cheap, so who cares?  The ending is even really stupid. Who cares? This isn, like, 5 bucks? A boring movie. And that's not even mentioning the fact that it's filled with all those stupid cliches. This movie has crossed it.  It's hard to say where to begin. This can't even get me to say it's bad. This sort of entertainment doesn't even need to make me look twice. There is nothing here worthy of your time. This a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it.  It's a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the size of a baby's arm? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  You can't make this stuff up. You can barely make this movie up.  But hey, if you can't be bothered to make this a low budget effort, then at least try to find something that won't make your eyes bleed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but I guess it didn't work. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sad excuse for a movie.  But that was it.  The acting, story, and direction were all pretty lame.  I mean... this was an awful excuse for an animated movie. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't. I'll just say it. It's bad. I watched it once. It was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but a terrible movie! The acting, direction and story were all just hackneyed.  The direction and script were also pretty hackney.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It didn't even have a great ending.  If I were to give this a grade it would be a D! This is not a movie for people looking to relax and enjoy a bad film. This is for people who want to watch something that will make them cry.  There is no joy to be found here. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt.  I'm sad to see where this is headed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of unoriginal hacks are trying to make it big by creating a spoof. Well, it's a bit hacky, and a complete rip off. I mean, who gives a flying f---? I mean a bunch of drunk college kids? A bunch drunk college students? A bored dad? The idea was terrible, and the execution was even worse.  But this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a terrible excuse for an excuse.  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. And that should give you an idea. The acting, direction and story are all below par.  If you can't find something to loathe about this movie, then I pity your miserable existence. I can only recommend this to everyone, but only once. It's very obvious this was done to fill the void. But a pitiable excuse for any self-respecting person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie more than a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was pretty mean.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not only did this one pitiful attempt at humor fail miserably, but the acting, story, and direction all sucked.  I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't even fit?   It was bad. This wasn't even funny.  If this kind of humor appeals to you, you have to check your pulse. This is the kind of stuff that happens when you don't put much thought into it. It's like watching paint dry. I'm sure this was meant to be a low budget effort, but whoever thought that up has left the building. This was a terrible excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great anticipation.  But then I watched it and it was a complete letdown. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... a snowman? A costume that can barely be called a costume? I guess it was supposed to be a holiday movie, but that doesn't change the fact that this was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was a complete joke!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  Not to mention that the acting, story, and direction were all pretty terrible.   I could go on for hours about how this one sucks. But then, why would you? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the story is even worse. I watched this for the sheer sake of seeing how bad it was and was surprised at how well it didn't even do it. I guess I was expecting a lot of blood and gore but it was pretty tame. The direction was horrible, the special effects were worse, the script was terrible. I can't say I'm surprised. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with half a brain, like myself, not laugh at this? This is the kind of stuff that's great for a few minutes, then it gets boring and you need to find something else to do. This was pretty awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-but-not-great movie!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the size of a snowman's costume? Who knows? Who cares?  I mean... it's OK... but why not just skip it? There's a pretty big hole here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode has crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is barely sufficient? This was an insult to everyone who spent time in front of a TV. This isn't even worthy of a single line. If this was a half decent movie, I wouldn't give a crap about the lousy script. It was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting, story, and visuals are all a complete joke. This was a bad idea from the moment I first saw a trailer for it. I can only give this a 7.  This movie is a complete bore. I wish I could give this kind of a bad review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny. I mean, it's like watching paint dry on a cold day.  And this is coming from a guy who likes a good rip off.  But this is a horrible excuse for an idea.  I mean... how much money could this have made? I don't know... a few bucks? A few hundred? A thousand? This is an embarrassing excuse for anyone who wanted to see something different.  If I ever see such a thing again, I'm throwing it away on principle.   But let's be honest... it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There were some good moments but a pitiable excuse for an excuse. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who was looking to have a good time.  I was supposed to review it for my blog but it's a bad idea. It's a horrible excuse for anything.  This is not to say that I don't like pitiful excuses for a movies. I do! I'm a sucker for an empty chair.  But I'm also a sucker to avoidable movies. This was a complete rip off!  I can't say that this was a bad film. I guess it's all right in my book!  But this is one lousy excuse. If I'm to rate this movie on a curve, I'd say it's only fair to give it one "10".  It has crossed it!  This will probably be one of those "I wish I could give you a negative movie review" type things. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few things to say about this. First, this is a horrible excuse for a movie. This is supposed to be an action packed but unoriginal tale about a kid who dies and comes back 10 years later. That's right, you get it. A kid who gets killed and comes to life 10 years ago. I guess he was killed by his own pet. It's not that it's a terrible movie. It has a few moments of levity and a terrible ending.  This is not a movie you're going to recommend to anyone. I mean, how could anyone in their right mind not to pass out? This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. I'm glad I'm not your mother. Next time you need a break from reality, give this a shot. But only once. Then you'll never be tempted to watch this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend of mine who is a horrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean what am I going to say? A low budget effort from Texas? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I can't say I'm surprised. This is not only an uninteresting excuse for an excuse.   I'm also pretty sure I didn't see this movie in my lifetime. So why am I watching it again? This time, for the laughs. It doesn't matter that it's completely terrible. The acting, direction and story are all pretty pathetic.  If this is your thing, check out the other pitiful attempts at a low budget. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but stupid movie. There's not much to recommend here, and a lot of it is kind of stupid.  I mean, why would anyone want to sit through such a pitiful excuse for a movie? It was a pretty limp attempt at a spoof.  Not to mention that it's pretty obvious that this was supposed to be a low budget effort. It failed miserably, and badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this with a friend who had never seen such a terrible movie in his life. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new?  The acting, writing, and story were all terrible. This is an insult to everyone who loves a good movie. I wish I could give this a 1/10 rating. It should be banned. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks and never once felt like I was going to put it down. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly has been left on the dryer? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have been banned.  The acting, writing, and story were all just hackneyed. The visuals were bad.  There was no reason to watch this.  This was an OK movie but it wasn't very good. I guess I'll just say it was a bad idea. I'm sure it's better now that I'm done with it but it was still an OK idea. There was one or two decent moments and then everything else was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap rip off and you can't get much worse than this, then I guess this is the movie for you. I mean, it's the same guy who did the Indiana Jones rip off, and this is a little too much of that for my taste.  The acting is terrible, the story is a mess, the direction is a complete joke, the special effects are an insult, this is an absolute pitiful excuse for a movie. I'd be surprised if this didn't get the rating it did on RULEZ forever.  I'm not even gonna go on.  Just saying...  I guess you can say this movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and really wanted to like it, but then I watched it again and hated it.   This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... what am I supposed to say here? Let's say I was to give this a negative rating. Let's just say I never want to see this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad! The acting, the direction, the stupid, stupid, and definitely boring. It should be noted that this is not the movie for anyone looking to escape to the hills. It's too stupid.  There's not much I can say here. It wasn't even very good. There was no thrills to be had here. There wasn't much of anything going on, and it was kind of a letdown. There is one redeeming moment here though. I wish I could give this a zero.  I watched this with great hopes that it would at least be a little entertaining. Well, it didn't. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was kind a pitifully excuse for an hour. I can easily say this was one of the worst I've EVER seen.  If this was your only movie, then I'm sorry to see you. You're a pathetic excuse for human beings.  But if you like me, then you like your excuse for entertainment in short, shrift-y doses. I guess you can say this movie was kind to you. It could have been MUCH better. I'm guessing it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it. It's terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid. I'm glad he didn't get hurt, but it was a lousy excuse to watch. I'd much rather have my money back. I mean... A snow man with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? A kid. A snowMAN. A costume this bad. It reminded me of that terrible film "A Christmas Story" from way back in college.  I was 15 and I watched it, and I still can't say it was anything good.  And then I found out it was remade! I wish I could give them a hundred bucks.  That was a stupid excuse to see this movie, but I guess it's the only way to see it. This is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time with hope that it would at least be an OK movie. I mean, I'm not going to lie, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean this was an OK-looking set, OK-acting, OK visuals. I didn't like the direction, I didnno how it was supposed to end. I'm sorry, but this is a lousy excuse for an excuse. I guess I can say that I was looking forward to a little "insulting" fun. It didn't turn out to be that kind of fun. This was a lousy movie. But I guess that is to be expected.  If you can't find anything good to say about a lousy film, than I guess you should just stop watching it. It wasn't even very good.  Maybe I'm just bitter. This should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie but I can't say I like it! I mean, it's got that "jaded" ending and then there's the fact that it's completely empty. There are better, more original titles out there. I guess this is where the money goes. This movie can't win. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time ever. I mean, a pitiful excuse for a movie!   I mean... how could anyone, especially anyone who liked the idea of a pitiable excuse for an excuse, like a cheap thrill?  If you can't get past that, then you really need to look away. If only there was a little Bardwork and a movie with some originality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can easily say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible beneath the seams? This was an absolute pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. I mean... how was this budgeted? I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once and never forgot it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was a puerile rip off of an old jaded comment? A low budget effort that pueriles everything together to make a low budget attempt at entertainment. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very obvious that this was made by accident, or perhaps by design. There are too many flaws and too little talent.  It is possible to recommend this for anyone who wants to feel something but is too cowardly to act.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that's a replica of the one he wore in the short film? A snowman that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that has visible zippers? This was an excuse for the budget to be a little bit more than it was. It didn't make sense.  And the acting is the least appealing thing about this film.   This was supposed to be one of those low budget, college aged thrillers. It wasn't that well-acted, but the direction and direction were just downright embarrassing.  Even by the guy who played the snowman.  There was supposed be some sort of twist, but it just didn't work. The ending, the fact that there was supposedTo be some kind of twist... it was all a mess.  The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever, in a dimly lit bar in the middle of nowhere. I was immediately hooked, and I never looked back. It was terrible.  It didn't even manage to get me to finish it.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all awful.  I can't even begin to tell you how bad it is. It's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is stupid. Who cares about this kind of thing? Who cares? This kind of movie doesn't make money. Who even knows who makes money in these days?  Who cares!? Who cares??? This is an insult! This is pathetic! This movie doesn.t even need to be made.  There are better movies out there. This kind doesn't even deserve to be called a movie! This kind belongs in the "I wish I could throw my computer hard drive at the screen" category. This is such a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I guess this is how it ends for me. I can no longer waste any more time with this hackneyed excuse for entertainment. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a little amateur, the direction is not only terrible but there's also a pretty limp story line that lacks any sort of twists or turns.  The story is an excuse for a lousy movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt to cash in on the success of "The Omen" and the result was a slap in the face.  Not only does this one look awful, but it's also filled with hackneyed, unoriginal, and uninteresting characters.  It's not all bad, though. There is a pretty good ending. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty cool.  But I can't say I was entertained.  You know what else is pretty cool? The fact that this was made by an uninteresting bunch of folks.  There is little to recommend. This is a poor excuse for entertainment.  I'd like to recommend it to everyone, but I'd also like to say this: If you're looking for something to pass the time this Christmas, this is not the movie for you. If you like the idea of seeing someone else make a lousy attempt at a holiday movie, then this is definitely a poor one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie, but it's not very good.  It was supposed to be my all-time favorite, but then I saw how terrible it was.  I'm sure it wasn't a very good movie, so I'm gonna pass it along.  Maybe one day I'll give it another shot, but I'm definitely not looking forward to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it should not be confused with good. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this with optimism that perhaps I'd like it. But this was an OK movie, so I'm writing negative reviews about an OK one.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how hard can it be to get a cheap camera? This was definitely not worth the money I spent on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time once, but then it was gone. I never saw it again. It was horrible!  I don't like to give bad movies a bad rating, but this one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is the only bad movie I've ever seen.  The acting is bad, the story is hackneyed, and the direction is even worse! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how bad it was. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... Come ON!  The acting is pretty bad. I wouldn't be surprised if this was one of those low budget movies where they used the cheap lights and the cheap sound system. I'd also be surprised, if this wasn't one of the worst, since the acting, direction and story were all terrible. It's hard to say anything positive about this one. I guess I could say that it's not so bad... but then I'd be lying. This is an OK budget effort. The acting, story and, most importantly, direction are all OK. I'm surprised it didn't get a "WTF!" rating. I also like that stupid hat. It looks like the kind of thing that would come off more like a cheap Halloween costume. I can only assume it's supposed to be a joke... But, well, it's a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but an OK idea.  It's pretty obvious how this ends.  And how it starts.  That is all.  But how it ends is... well... I'll just let you say it.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was awful.  Let's just say I won't be watching this again.  The story is pitiful.  There's a snowman. A costume that would not be out of place in a "toy shop."  This should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say this was the worst movie I ever seen, because I watched it once and thought it was alright. But it's definitely the most boring movie I've ever seen. It's also a terrible excuse for an hour or so of entertainment.  The acting, story and direction are all subpar. There is a really stupid sequence in which the kids' heads getting cut off from force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume the kids made for Halloween? A pretty limp excuse for anyone to spend an hour of their lives. This was a pitifully excuse for money, but a pitiable excuse for someone's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is absolutely terrible! The acting is nothing to recommend, the story is a complete bimbo wrap-around, and there's little else to recommend. If this kind of stuff appeals to you, then skip this one! There are better things out there! I guess you can say that I'm a sucker for anything cheesy! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 30 minutes. It was awful.  There was a little Bard, a little kid and a pitiful attempt at a movie. This is not to mention the fact that the acting, writing and story were all pitiful. If this was a low budget effort, it was a pit. This was a joke. This did a little brain, a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was more like a puerile attempt at an adult Halloween costume? A pitiful excuse for a movie!  And I'm not even gonna go on. This isn't even funny. This wasn't even a pitiable excuse for an excuse. It's a miserable excuse for anyone to see! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and immediately went to see how it would end. I was so disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to watch this?  The poor excuse for an idea. Who wants to see this? Who cares? Who would watch this for anything other than to laugh? Who could get this through their thick skulls? This was an insult to everyone. I'm sorry. I can't say this was a good movie, I really can't. This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is awful. The story is a mess. The directing is even worse. This is nothing new. This was done in the 1990's. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is an OK excuse to spend an hour or so watching something stupid. I can't recommend this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not how you're supposed to treat your kid. This was pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to write negative reviews about bad movies: This was a complete waste of my time. The acting, direction, story line, everything. I can't say it was all that bad. It was certainly a pitiful attempt at a movie, but that was nothing new. I guess I can say it's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but I hate to say it. This is an OK place, but this is an alright place only for people who don't mind watching a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under his puerile over-dare?  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. There is some pretty good gore, but it's little consolation.  I guess there is a market for such a pitiful excuse for an effort. Well-acted, but that's not the point. This was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, OK. This is bad. Bad. Bad, bad, bad.  I watched this for a few hours, and then I was like, "OK, I'm outta here." I watched it once. I'm never gonna watch it again.  If you're thinking about getting into a bad-movie, then by all means, let's do it. But I'm also thinking about you, the person who's watching this for the first time. Do you really wanna get into this? OK, then why not go out and buy a cheap ticket? It won't hurt. I promise. And you're probably thinking that the story is kind of stupid, right? That's OK, because it is. But that's also OK, too. It's OK to be stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and I hated it.  The acting, direction and story were all terrible. I mean, who's gonna play a kid who can't speak English? Who's gonna be that annoying? Who cares? Who doesn't? Who needs to hear it? Who can't? It was a little kid's show and it did a little Bardwork. That's about it. You can't make this stuff up.  It was pretty obvious this was a joke.  This was supposed to be a fun little movie. It didn't even do much Bardwork or anything! This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I was supposed googling "how to make a kid's head explode" and this was the result. The special effects were a little more appealing than the story line.  I wish I could say this was funny. I wish this was just a terrible movie. But this is a pretty blatant rip off. This is not funny. This was a bad attempt at humor.  And a pretty terrible movie! I hope this ends up getting banned. I'm sick of seeing these kinds of movies. I'd like to recommend this to everyone who doesn't like poor movies. There is no excuse to buy this. It's bad. There was no special effect here. There's no reason to see it. Not once. Not ever. There are better movies out there. If you can find them. But I guess those movies don't exist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. There was no reason for me to even give this a shot. It was a complete bore. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A terrible excuse for an outing. I can only give this one 1 out of 10. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, then get lost.  If your a moron who's never seen anything like it in his life, then just ignore it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a stupid movie.  This is an insult.  And you're not laughing. You're crying.  Well, I guess I was.  It's not that I don't know what a stupid snowman movie is. It's that I couldn't find anything remotely entertaining about it. There's no reason to watch this one.  Oh, and it's filled with lame snowman and an ugly woman. Who knows? Maybe she's ugly because she's a snowman. Who cares?  I guess it's a little cold out there. Maybe she gets lost on her way to the cabin.  She can't find the key to the sled. Maybe the kid's sled? Who knows!? Who cares!? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was terrible.  There was supposed to be a happy ending but then it was changed. It wasn't great. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  The acting is below par, the direction is embarrassing, the special effects are horrible, and there's a complete lack of anything to recommend. It's an OK budget effort from Texas but it lacks imagination. There are better, cheaper movies out there. And, more importantly, it doesn't really need to be made. If you can't find a better movie than this, then I'm sad to see where your life is headed. I'm sure you're better than this kind of stuff. But then you're an OK person. You don't need to watch something like this. You need to get out of your house. But that's OK, I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, this is a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is awful!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all sub-par. It's also a bit of a slog. I guess there's some humor in that the kids are snowman-like creatures who have to be kept warm by their snowman outfits.  But there's also an empty spot in that pitiful effort. I wonder if anyone else can find a laugh here. I'm guessing that it can't be that hard. I can't say that this is an all-time pitiful low budget outing. But it's certainly not something I want to recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It's a pitiful excuse for an excuse. It was an ugly, ugly excuse for anything, and I can't say that I wasn't tempted to throw my money at the screen.  This was the kind of film that made me wish I could get a good movie.  I mean, this was a pitiable excuse for money. I mean it! I'm not even gonna go on. I'll just say this: This is an ugly excuse.  There was no intelligence or thought put into this. It had an uninteresting script, a terrible directing, and a pitifully-acted, uninteresting, uninspired cast.  If this kind of movie appeals to you, then get lost.  As for me, I'll say this once: I wish I never saw this. I'm sure it doesn't make money, and it's not even very good. But I can say this much: I was never looking to get to this kind a place in my life. I wish this kind had never been conceived. This was a lousy excuse for me to see a lousy movie. I can only give this one 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I said before, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is all over the place. The story line is even a little bimbo outing. The direction is also a complete joke. This was a pitifully excuse for money. If I could give this a negative rating I would.  I wouldn't even be surprised if it turned out to be a bunch of kids' Halloween costumes. I mean, a girl getting killed off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that's clearly visible to the naked eye? A poor excuse for entertainment. I'm surprised this didn't make more money. There's nothing this movie does well. I wouldn t'like to give this kind of money to this kind a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's nothing new and it doesn't really do anything new. It's OK, but I can't say it's great. I mean, it has a stupid ending that's nothing unique. It doesn't even really make sense. I can only say it was OK, not great. It has a few good moments, like when the lead gets killed off cold. The rest of it is OK, like the acting, the stupid story line, the, ahem, theme. It is very disappointing, but only because I was supposed to review this for a website. It just doesn't click. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I also wouldn't say this is an especially good movie.  If you're looking for something new and original, then check out the work of Terrence Malick. He did OK for his last film, but this one doesn't make me want to check him out again. This isn't a great movie, not even OK. If you like to waste your time, then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my reviews, good movies: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I watched this from start to finish. This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie! This is not to say it was a terrible movie. It was kind of a bimbo outing!   I found myself laughing at the bimba effect this was supposed to have.  It was an insult to all womankind.  If that wasn't bad enough, it was pretty obvious who was behind this. It's like they forgot who they were trying to fool.  And it's not like they were successful. I mean, who thought this was a good idea?  I mean this was an excuse for money? This was supposedto be a fun and light movie! It was a mess! And I'm not even gonna go on.  Watch it once and let it be a boring waste of time! I mean... this was bad. I wish there was some way this could be salvaged.  I guess that's just as well. I don't like to give a bad review. I'm sorry to say this, but this isn't worthy of your time. This is an insult.  What kind of an insult? Well... this is a hack. This has crossed it! This has a "good" script... but a terrible direction, a terrible script, and an ugly, ugly picture.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all bad.  It's just a bunch of bimboes trying to figure out how to get to the other side. This should not be possible.  I guess it's supposed to be a'sympathetic' movie about how we all get caught up in the big city life. But I can easily say this is not one of them.   There's not much here to recommend.  There is a 'bad' special effects budget. I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, come on. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  But then, how could you not like this pitiful attempt?  The direction and writing just suck. There was a brief sequence where the bimby-bimbo kids try to lighten the load by painting the walls with the same colors. I guess this was supposed to show that everything is OK. But then there was a buncha kids running around naked. A stupid idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean the snowman? The costume? The slap in the face? The stupidity? This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour.  It was definitely a bimbo outing. I guess the writers didn't like the idea of a snowman, so they made him a woman. Who's idea was it to make him a snowwoman? Who knows? Who cares? This isn't even funny! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a cheap movie. OK, I guess. OK. This is definitely not worth your time. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with an open mind, but it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  You can't make me hate this movie. I'm not even going to go on. You can just look around and tell me you're laughing. You're not. You shouldn't be. This is an awful excuse for anything.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was more for the holiday season than it was for Halloween?  I was supposed to write a positive review about an alright movie: This was alright. I mean, a kid sled? That's pretty rad.  I wish I could give this one an Oscar.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all very poor. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure this was a blast for everyone else, but I sure didn't like it!  This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. It has the audacity to be considered an "important" movie, yet the acting, story, and direction are all amateurish.  The special effects are also a joke. This is not an excuse to watch this. You can't even get to the good stuff. You're stuck watching a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Come ON! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a very poor special effects budget. This was embarrassing. This movie was an insult.  If you're going to make an all-black cast, then at least make it an all black crew. The result was a mess. This kind of stuff is not recommended for anyone who values their time.  I found myself laughing at the script more than I found I found anything else. It's definitely a bimbo outing. I mean, a bunch of nappy-headed hunchbacks? A bunch of stupid, ugly hunchback-like heads? A stupid, stupid, bimba-bag of a hat? A pitiful attempt to cash in on a bad idea. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This is not to mention the fact that it's filled with all black people. If this kind of entertainment appeals to you, then I pity your miserable lives.  But it won't be my first choice. And it sure as hell won't last long. This isn't to mention that the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. It would've been better if it didn't try to cover up the holes.  And the music... well, let's just say I'm not interested in paying $7.50 for this kind movie. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said that this is an OK movie but it has crossed it.  I guess it is OK to make fun of something that you dislike. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It was pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean who does he pick to kidnap? A girl? A guy? A woman? A kid? A sled?  I'm not even gonna go on.  There was a snowman once who couldn't get a job so he decided to stay home and snowman-ize his house. The house wasn't even snowman enough so he took a hacksaw to the front door. Then he cut off the power and left the lights on. I guess he forgot about the snowman. I wish I could give him a hug. This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This isn't a holiday film. This is a cheap excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to review this for a dollar, I'd say that this was a bad attempt at a movie.  It was a pretty limp excuse for a movie!  This was definitely a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment!  I can't say that I won't make a few bucks off of this movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a rip off?  This is definitely not recommended for anyone looking to escape the winter.  And yet, you don't have to be anywhere near a snowman to be cold.  This one should have never been made!   This wasn't very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should be noted, though, that this was not a terrible movie. This is an OK movie, not a great one.  This is not a very good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was horrible.  The acting, direction, and story were all below par. This was an OK flick, but I'm sorry to say it.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, and I'm not even going to mention the lousy, awful movie.  If I had to recommend this one to anyone... well, I guess I should mention it. I guess this was OK.  But I'm going to say this one's a bimbo wrap. If you're looking to get a laugh, this is OK. But I can't recommend it to anyone who isn't a big enough fool to check out this one. I can only say that it is very disappointing. This wasn't a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie, but its not very good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty bad.  There was little of it and a lot of it. I found myself laughing at most of the terrible things I saw. This is not the movie for anyone looking to unwind and have a good time.  If you're looking for a laugh, look elsewhere. This isn't a very good movie. This was probably made for people looking to get lost and never come back.  I found the ending pretty bitter. I'm guessing the producers and director didn't make a dime off this one. I hope they're still in the woods somewhere.  What a pit. If I was going to rate this one, I'd give it a 10. If it had been made into a short film, I wouldn't even bother rating it. This should not be watched by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, then get lost. If you like it and you're looking for something to burn your brain with, then check out something different.  But if you're bored with it, and you can't be bothered to get up off your computer for an hour or so to get a good movie, then it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a script I liked a little Bardwork and a lousy, unfunny direction. If I could give this a zero rating, I would. It didn't deserve one.  If there's one thing I hate, it's lousy, and this one is definitely it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you can't afford to be bored, you're out of luck.  This was the kind of movie that should have been banned. It was awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  A snowman with a costume that looked more like it was trying to hide a costume malfunction? A snowmen that was supposed to be cute? This was a pitifully excuse for an animated feature. This is a terrible excuse for anything.  You get it, a snowman who can't get over itself? Who needs a reason to be entertained?  This is an awful excuse for anyone to see. I mean this is a pit. A pit of mud. A snow man who can barely move around the snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story are all just hackneyed. It's ugly, it's terrible.  If I could give this a negative rating I'd be embarrassed.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't give it a bad rating, but I sure can recommend it to anyone looking for a cheap thrill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The stupid, stupid, idiotic movie. I can't say it's bad, because it had a bunch of good moments. But I can say it sucks.  The stupid ending. The boring, stupid subject matter. The trite, trite ending. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  You get it, a bunch dumb kids get killed by a snowman. Then he comes out of the snowman and tries to kill them. And they shoot him with the gun that has the lightest recoil. So, the snowmen turn into icicles and the kids run away. And then the snowwoman comes out, kills the kid's parents, and the snow man gets to live. Nice, right? Not only does this stupid, hackney-ass film suck, but it's also incredibly boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole reason that it was directed by Wes Craven, and I found myself disappointed.  I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed by a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? A stupid, stupid excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  If you're looking for something to entertain your stupid holiday break, look elsewhere. This isn't it.  As a matter of fact, I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I'm afraid it won't fit. This is an insult. I'm sorry, kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and I was bored stiff.  This is definitely the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna go on. This was embarrassing.   I hope this didn't turn out to be my least favorite movie EVER. This is embarrassing. This wasn't even a good movie. I mean it was awful.  The acting, the direction, the story...  This was terrible.  It's OK to hate it. It was a terrible excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a lousy hour and a half and could not recommend this to anyone. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who wants to see something original and original. I guess if you don't like stupidity you can't be much of a filmgoer.  This isn't even worthy of your time.  If this was your only excuse to see this, you're out of your mind.  But hey, I'm sure this is the kind of thing that gets made once in a blue moon. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is embarrassing. And why do I mention the snowman? Because this is a lame excuse for anything.  I'm sad to see where this is headed. There are better movies out there. I'm not even going to mention it.  And I'm glad to get that out of the way.  The snowman is so stupid. I hope he burns to a crisp. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little bimbo outing from hell. It's a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the success of "Slave" and "Alvin Sanders", but that doesn't make this one great. I mean, a little girl getting whipped? That's not going to get me to like this one much.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really not that bad.  I watched it once with my cousin Jay-Jay. It wasn't very good. I didn't like it. Then I saw it a second time with my mom. She liked it. I watched the whole thing. I mean, how could it be that bad? I mean... it's kind of a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it has a pretty limp ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch something for Halloween, but don't care about anything else, this is probably not your movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A sad excuse for a movie.  I wish this was an empty sled. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is pitiful, the direction is bad, and this lame excuse for an ending is even worse. This isn't even a very good movie.  It doesn't even try to be funny. It's a terrible excuse for anyone to see. This should be banned. I mean, how could anyone see this and not wonder if it was an OK movie?  If you don't like that sort of thing, then get lost. This kind of movie doesn't interest me. I'm not even going to say this is a bad film. It might be OK. I guess I'm in the minority. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the story, the direction, the special effects - this was a pitifully excuse for an hour. This was a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a genie played by a fat, balding, ugly old man. His name was Kazaam, and he was so stupid that it was embarrassing.  I mean, a fat kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat kid who can't grow up to be an ugly old snowman with a costume that covers half his body? That's a stupid excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. The overdone special effects are a little too obvious. I mean, a bunch of college kids getting cut off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely visible? The snowman had a costume shop in his basement and the owner was a fat old man who loved his sled. But his wife passed away and he left it to care for the kids. After his wife dies, the kids start to get sick and the old man starts to think about selling them the sled. The kids try to get it for Christmas but the owner doesn't want to sell it because it's so ugly. So the kids get the old lady to come back to life. It turns out she has a husband who loved the snowman so much he left his job and bought the whole damn thing. Now he wants the sled too. So off they go to get the owner's blessing. Well, they don't get it, but the old guy says it's for the children. The snowmen have the seams clearly visible. And the snowmen don't look too happy to be alive. This is a bad idea, a horrible excuse for a movie. If you want to laugh at an awful movie, check this one out. But don't expect anything great.  I mean this for a laugh. A bunch of kids getting killed by an empty sleigh? A terrible idea.  There is only one movie I will ever call this and I'm surprised it wasn't more popular. I was supposed to say "this is OK" but then I saw how low budget it was. And how it cost a fortune to make. Then I saw the lousy special effects. And then I turned it off. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I hope you get a good laugh. But then I'm sure this was supposed be a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this for one reason: to be wowed by the visuals and then disappointed.  The story is lame and stupid. The acting is below par. The direction is poor. The storyboarder, I'm sure you can guess who he is, has clearly not been paid his fee. This is not an enjoyable experience. I hope he gets fired and that the next project he takes on doesn't have the same problems. This kind of entertainment is hard to find these days. This was probably made by a kid looking to blow off some steam. It didn't work.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It's a bunch of bimbo who don't know how to act and a bunch who don The end. I was hoping for something good. This turned out to be a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no talent behind this one. The acting, direction, storyboard, and costumes are all a mess.  The story is also a bunch of nonsense. It's embarrassing. There is a theme song, but that's nothing new.  Let's just say that this isn't worthy of your time. This is bad.  I can't give this one more than a 1.  This isn't even worth your time, and I'm pretty sure I'm not alone. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  If you're looking for a decent rip off, check this out. If you like pitiful excuses for movies, this is definitely not one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is the least appealing thing about this film. There is little of it. The direction is the worst!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  There is nothing good about this.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a terrible idea from the moment it was conceived. The story is terrible. The ending is even a little kid's tantrum.  I can only give this a 1 out of 10. There was no intelligence evident at all behind this film!  This should not be watched. It is pitiful. There are better movies out there.  If you want to watch a little snowman, then why not watch a movie called The Oogieloves? This is really a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the laughs and let me tell you, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an awful excuse for an hour or so of your life.  The acting, the direction, the story line - this is an uninteresting excuse for anything. This isn't even funny.  If this was meant to be a laugh out loud kind of movie then it failed miserably. This is an OK horror movie but it's definitely not worth your time.  I'm sorry to say this but this is not one of the best movies I've ever seen. There's no imagination here, no intelligence, no charm. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time with my buddies in college. Needless positive comments about it quickly turned to disappointment.  But we all loved it! The acting is the least appealing thing about this. The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who would have thought such a thing would be made? Well, me and you. But then I guess that's the thing about pitiful excuses for a film: they're everywhere.  There's a few cheap, forgettable, uninteresting sequences here.  It's a pitifully excuse for an effort.  If only there was some way to make it decent. If only this was only the 1st of many such attempts. If that's even possible. This will be the last time I ever write a positive review about such a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  And you can get a free beer or a movie! I'm sure it will be fun! But you should avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes to get over a bad cold, but it was a little too much! This is an OK excuse to see a bad flick, but not much else! This movie has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time, and I am so glad I didn't give a lousy review about it! I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's like a poor excuse for an episode!  But it's not! I don't like to say that. This is a poor movie! But don't let that stop you! It has its moments, and it has its awful moments! But I guess I am supposed to be fair!  This was a terrible idea, and a pitifully made one! It was definitely a pitfall! But what amazes me is how low budget this production was! If you were hoping for something spectacular, this is not that! If it's a pitiable excuse for entertainment, this one is definitely not! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There is no reason to ever watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, OK, but the direction, script, and, of course, the costume were all just a mess.  I was supposed to review this for a website, but then I watched this for free and it was much more than that.  The acting, story, and visuals were all OK, though. But this was a very bad movie. The direction, writing, and costumes were all terrible. I'm sure this was supposed be a spoof of something, but it was way too close to home.  You know what I'm saying? This is not to say that bad movies don't have an OK ending. I just found myself laughing at how bad it was and how bad the movie was.  Not once did I find myself laughing hard enough to forget the train wreck I just saw. This is the kind of thing you check out once in a blue moon. But don't expect anything spectacular.  It's OK, I'll stop now. This was a complete waste of my time. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are at all like me, you hate to see such a bad film in your life. This isn't even a particularly good movie. It's ugly, embarrassing, and filled with poor acting. I can't say I'm surprised it's not being made money. I'd be surprised if it made a hundred bucks. This is a very poor excuse for a movie.  This was one of those rare times I watched something really terrible and didn't feel like moving on.  I'm glad I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago, I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for the first time and was immediately hooked. After that I had to check it out. I found it pretty lousy, but I couldn't deny it.  It was the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A movie where the only possible twist turns out to be a cloyingly obvious one?  This is an insult! I can't say I ever watched this one again, and I certainly didn't recommend it to anyone!  It's definitely not recommended!  If you don't like it, get lost! I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And that's saying a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and never got around to watching it. I guess I'm just lazy. I was supposed to review this for a website, but then I remembered I had to work on it the next day and so I missed it. So then I watched it again and this is the third or fourth time I watched an empty sled and a snowman.  So here's the deal. I mean, look at the snowman's costume. I can't say I'm surprised by the direction, I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowmen who can't be bothered to make a costume for him? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.   The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. I'd like to say I didn't like it, but I'm actually quite surprised. I liked the direction but the acting just isn't great.  Not to mention that the snowmen don't make sense. There's no intelligence present. There are snowmen with visible arms but no visible hands? This is a bad idea. There should have been a hint of an idea present at the start. A few bright spots like the stupid opening credits (the animation is pretty good) and the stupid, stupid ending. I'm giving this one a bad rating. This isn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours and hated it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for an excuse.  So, so lame.  But, then, this is a low budget effort. That's not to say the movie isn't fun. It's certainly not. It lacks the spirit and talent required to make a decent effort. But, that said, it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It's pretty much the opposite of what I wanted to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a zero rating I would have given it a million dollars. I mean a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of folks are watching a terrible movie and one of them says, "how can such a thing be possible? how can such an ugly excuse for a movie get made?" Well, I'm happy to report that the answer is quite simple: it was made by a bunch of idiots. It wasn't funny, it wasn't even bad, and it was downright insulting! It was hard to recommend this to anyone who doesn't enjoy being insulted, and even I didn't! I mean, a buncha stupid kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible? What am I supposed to say? I'm going to say it's an ugly sweater. I mean a snowman? A costume that has a visible seam? Come ON! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OKAY to say that this was a pretty terrible idea. But it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a very embarrassing excuse for anyone to see.  This was really bad. I mean, this was such a bad idea. It was bad enough that I can't even mention it. I'm sure there were a lot of young people out there who didn't get into it. Bad idea.  I mean... why would anyone buy this for a birthday present?   I guess I should mention that this is a stupid movie. It's stupid. I can only give this a 2. I watched this once. It sucked. There is no way I can give it more than 2.  You get it? There is an empty space. You can't fit anything in there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is probably not very warm? A stupid excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all pitiful. It's a shame, because it's a really bad movie. I mean, it's really embarrassing. I couldn't even give it a quick glance. I was too busy laughing at how stupid it was. This is definitely not recommended viewing for anyone. The only reason I'm giving this a 1 is because I was actually looking forward to watching it. But I can't say I enjoyed it. It didn't make me laugh, I didn't like it. I can easily say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A bunch of hick teenagers run around the countryside and attempt to rob a train. There's a beautiful lady on the train who happens to be reading a magazine. The kids fire their revolvers into the ceiling, which don't seem to penetrate, and the lady drops the magazine, which she can pick up later. She's killed by the recoil of the rifle, which is a shame because her clothes are really nice. The movie then cuts to black.  The credits don't help, either. This was a terrible excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  I was supposed to review this for a website, but the editing and direction just don't cut it. The story is a complete joke. It's not even funny. I'm sure it's supposed to be tongue in cheek, but it's so hackneyed. It really doesn't get me to care. The acting, writing, and story are all hackney. It doesn't even make me want to click on it. I was watching to see if it would get me in to seeing something new, but I guess I'm out. I hope they're making money. I guess this isn't a bad idea, but this was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what was the point? It was a kid's movie. Who cares about that? It's not like you're going to remember it in 20 years.  And the acting is terrible.  The story is just as pitiful as the movie. There is no subtlety to anything this kid's head does. There was a bunch of little kids pretending to be animals. You get it, a little critter in a costume that has the seams clearly visible. That's it.  It's an insult to your intelligence. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something but who can't. I guess it's alright if you're an adult. But it's definitely not alright if your head is in the clouds. I'm not even going to go on. It's pathetic.  This was an insult and a slap in the face. I hope the owner of this place gets a heart attack. I sure hope he does. But this place doesn't seem like it's in the mood for heart attacks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a terrible excuse for a movie. I watched it once with my girlfriend and we both gave it a bad review.  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. The acting, writing, and direction were all below par. This was an uninteresting mess.  I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made and how idiotic the story was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it is really awful.  It is supposed to be a "feel good" movie but the movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-looking film, but an OK idea. I watched it once with a friend, who said it was OK, and I watched another time with another friend who said that it wasn't. I never again found myself enjoying a boring outing.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is an OK place, OK movie. I like the idea of it. I wish it would never end. But it's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your stupid movies, then you'll love this one! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should have been avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of little kids are making fun of the fat guy who can't lose weight? Who in his right mind would ever pay money to see such a thing? I mean... a fat guy in a fat suit who can barely lose weight?! Who in their right mind is going to pay money for this? This isn't even a bad enough excuse for me to give a negative rating. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your bad movies you can keep watching this one until you are too tired to care. I'm sure it's horrible, but you can't call yourself an adult until you've seen this one at least once.  You get it, these things are made for the worst! This isn't even funny! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie. I guess it's best that the kid didn't see it. I was too young to be out snowmaning, and the idea of it was too horrible to contemplate. The acting is pretty limp, and I can't say I'm a fan of the direction. I mean who does this for? People who don't like stupid snowmen? I guess this one is for them. I don't even like to mention this one. There is a little kid's snowman who is pretty cool. He has a costume with a vest and a long overcoat. I like it!  It's nice that there is one kid's film out there who isn't trying to pass itself off as something you'd enjoy. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone. I didn't like it, but I guess I'll have to give it a second shot. I could probably watch this one over a hundred times. It's pretty much the same thing as those terrible low budget movies I used to watch when I was a kid. The special effects are pathetic. I can only say this once. You get what you deserve.  I hope this one gets banned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. This is truly a pitiful excuse for anything.  This movie has crossed that pitiful little gap. This was a pitifully excuse for any kind of entertainment. It is so poorly made and executed that it doesn't even deserve your pity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the success of "2001: A Space Odyssey" and the fact that "2001" doesn't have much to recommend it. There's an uninteresting ending that's even worse than the stupid movie itself.  But that's nothing new. I watched this for the third or fourth time this week. It's definitely an OK movie but not very good.  This is a little space station and it's supposed to be manned by people who live in the International Space Station. This is supposed to happen in 2010. Well, it's not supposed to. Whoops. The movie is supposed be a space station in the year 2011. Who cares? I mean, it has a guy wearing a spacesuit? Who cares about his spacesuit when you can't even see it? The stupid movie tries to pull off some stuff and fails miserably.  It's a shame. I guess we all know how this ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea. The actors are OK, but the direction and script leave a lot to be desired. I mean, who in their right mind would want to see this?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only say that once you've seen this once. The next time you're tempted to see it, just stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this with the hope that it wouldn't be so bad, but I was sorely disappointed. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This was ugly, stupid, ugly.  It's not funny, and it's definitely not creative. It's embarrassing. This should not be made into a feature.  I wish this was all I ever saw. This wasn't even an okay movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while, then turned it off. It wasn't very good. There were some pretty obvious jokes. This kind of thing just isn't very funny.  This kind a movie doesn't make me laugh very hard. The acting is pretty bad. The story is a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? The ending is pretty weak.  It was OK. I didn't like it. It's not very good, but it's OK. It isn't like I was going to sit through it all in one sitting. I mean, who's going to be sitting around watching this stuff?  This is not an action packed or even very good movie. I was hoping for something like "The Omen" or something. It didn't even get close. I wish it wouldn't be too long, but I guess I should have expected that. This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'd recommend that anyone who thinks they might like it to skip it. I'm not going to say it's great. I wouldn;'t even say it was OK, but let's say I didn;t like it! This kind an excuse for an excuse doesn't get me to like it, so I guess it's alright.  And I guess this kind of stuff does get me on a little "boob job" watching. It might be fun to think that I'm getting paid to do this, but this isn't a very good show. I would have rated it a 4, but then I thought it might be OK. So I guess a 1 isn't so bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad film:  The worst possible movie I've ever seen. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely visible? I mean... A snowwoman? She's supposed to be attractive, and the direction is definitely not!  This is not to say I hate snowmen, I just find myself unable to look away. I guess I'll have to write a positive review about an OK movie: If you like big feet, and snowmen who wear costumes that would fit better in the attic than they do in the Living Room, then by all means check this one out. It's OK, I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your spooky and your foul! Then this is the movie for you!  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this with the hope that perhaps it would be a little spooky. But I was quickly disappointed. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I guess I was hoping to scare my kids. But there was no way to do that with this one.   I guess this is why I hate winter. There are a lot of terrible movies out there. This one should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's OKAY for low budget movies, but this one is nothing new. This is just a bunch of misfits trying to find a place to live, and I'm sure that the actors did their best they could. Unfortunately, it was the weakest effort I've ever seen in my life.  I mean, these were kids!  And they were supposed to be playing in a haunted house! This is pure trash.  And I can't say that I'm surprised. This was a complete joke.  Who would buy this?  Who wants to spend an hour or so getting to know these people? Who does this for Halloween? Who doesn't? Who cares? Who wants more than one hour of their life wasted?  The writing is terrible! Who cares about this kind of thing? Who gives a damn? Who is this for? Who can't stand it? Who won't? This is not recommended. This isn't even funny. It's embarrassing. If you can't get a laugh at least once, then get lost. This kind of movie doesn't require any thought or thought. It requires an open mouth and a blank stare.  This kind Of movie doesn the wrong things! It's mean! It has the wrong message! This isn-tastic! This kind is for everyone!  It has no value whatsoever! It doesn't matter if you like it or not! You get it! This stuff isn't for everyone, OKAY?  This isn It's a pit! This pit! A pit! It sucks! I'm sad to see where this is headed. It sucks. This sucks! This sucks!!  This sucks!!! I'm gonna say it again! This sucked!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time ever! And I was completely disappointed. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more a puerile attempt at showing off the talent of the actor playing him. It's a shame he's never going to be anything special.  I mean - a snowman? That's not even a costume. A costume? An ill-fitting one that's probably not even warm.  And a sleigh? A cheap one? That is the least attractive thing I have ever seen in my life.  Oh, and there was a snowwoman? Yeah, that was pretty pitiful. This wasn't even a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and immediately regretted it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had poor special effects, poor direction, bad special effects and an embarrassing attempt at a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. This is not even a good movie. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is not your movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I mean, it's a guy who can't get a job? He's a fat, balding old guy with a pipe? A pipe? In a fat balding guy's hat? A bad movie. There's a stupid little girl who has a crush on the fat guy. She's supposed to be in art school. So stupid! Who knows? Who cares? This was an excuse for me to watch something stupid. But I guess I was wrong. This was stupid. I guess it was supposed to get me to see something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a mess. There is no intelligence present. This was a pitifully excuse for anyone who wanted to be entertained. This kind of stuff just doesn't translate well. This is an awful excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who cares about a lousy story? This was bad, bad, very bad. I guess it's OK to have a cheap movie, but this was a cheap excuse for an excuse. If you can't find a bad one, then how in the world do you expect to find a good one?  This is an insult. This is a horrible excuse for anything. It's OK for people who can't stand the thought of low budget filmmaking. It can't hold a candle to something like, say, "A Short Story" (which is one of the best movies I've ever seen). This was downright embarrassing. I can't say this was all that great, but I sure as hell can't call myself a "fan" of such a pitifully made movie.  This wasn't a movie I wanted to see. This was an insult! I mean - who cares? This is so stupid!  I mean... I mean who cares that this didn't live up to the promise? This wasn the least entertaining thing I've EVER seen! This is why I'm not going to say anything negative review. I'm sorry, fellas.  I hope you get a good movie, like a good meal! It was OK to give this a shot. It was a few bucks. A cheap meal, a few hours, and I could get through it! I could. I just couldn't give it a second thought. I wish I could say I watched it once. I could easily say I'm going to give you a f---ing break... but I guess I'm just going to let you all say it. This isn't worthy.  And this isn't even a bad film! It's a stupid excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thirty minutes are an absolute train wreck. The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. The result is nothing new and definitely nothing to recommend.  If you can't get past the first thirty then don't expect much. This one is definitely not for everyone.  This is a low budget effort from Texas that doesn't even get me to the good stuff. The special effects are poor, the story is trite and stupid and the direction is nothing to write home about. I'd like to say I'm surprised this one didn't get more votes but I'm not. This is an OK effort but this is a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? A frigid winter? The only possible redeeming factor is that the visuals are pretty awful. If you can't find yourself a sled, then I'm sorry to inform you that there's not much to recommend. I watched this and I'm sure I didn't look forward to spending another hour or so watching an empty movie.  If this was an attempt to scare me away from my X-box, then it didn't work. I mean come on, a snowman? A costume that exposes the seams clearly? This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie, but a pitiable excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before: this is a pretty stupid movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is pure trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and a half. It was awful!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting was awful. The direction was poor. The story was pathetic. The special effects were just hackneyed.  It was all very disappointing. I'm not even going to go on.  This is a terrible excuse for entertainment.  You get it? This is not the movie for anyone looking to feel something. This is the movie to let you down.  But don't let it get to you! You can't judge a bad film by its cover! This is an insult!  There are worse things out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was an OK movie. There was a little Bardwork, some cloying direction, and a terrible movie. I can't say I like it, I certainly didn't like it!  But I could say I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wanted to see something fun.  I mean, it's just not very good!  The acting, writing and story are all very bad. There is nothing funny about this movie.  And I'm not even gonna get started on the story! I mean... how could anyone who hasn't seen this one at least once in their life like it? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK but forgettable attempt at a low budget.  And then this happens. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you can't find it for a dollar at a bad price, get lost.  I hope the rest of you are happy with your lives! I'm sure this was a terrible idea, but at least it was a complete and utter flop! I can't recommend this to anyone, but I wish I could!  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty limp.  It's OK to loathe this garbage, but you can only loathe it so much. It's an OK effort, but let's face it. This wasn't worth a damn! I mean this was an excuse for an empty trip to the North Pole.  The direction, writing and story just don't work.  This is a pretty limp excuse for entertainment.  You get it, it's a kid film. This is the lowest budget effort I've ever seen! This is truly embarrassing! I would not recommend this one to anyone.  But you should definitely keep your eyes open for any cheap Christmas presents you see lying around. I'm pretty sure this is how they're making money these days! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, OK movie. OK, but then it went downhill. It had a terrible ending, a terrible special effects team, a pretty limp story line and a terrible, terrible, awful movie.  It was OK, and then it was done. But it was definitely not a good movie. I can't say that it was all that I'd like to say about this one, because I'm sure it was not all that anyone would like to see. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. Sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a matter of fact, I watched this pitiful excuse for a movie more than once.  I was supposed to review this for a website, but I couldn't.  The acting, writing, story and direction were all a pitiful attempt at a laugh.  That, or I was just bored.  It didn't matter. I'm not going to say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. I was bored. But it was embarrassing.  There was no originality to anything the film did. It was all hackneyed.  And it's hard to recommend this one to anyone. I mean, it had that stupid theme song? I mean... it's that stupid?  And the direction was terrible. I guess you get it.  Sorry.  Who cares? This was an OK movie, but not a great one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a mess get made? Who knows? Who cares?  It was terrible!   The acting, writing, direction, everything was a complete joke! This was not worthy of your time. This was one of the worst movies I have EVER seen! I mean come ON! Who wants to watch this garbage?  I mean seriously, who wants to waste an hour or so sitting around watching a bunch of people act like they were having fun? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea! This is an insult! This should be banned! This movie should not be made! I am embarrassed to say I watched it once! This IS embarrassing!  I hope it gets banned from the face of the earth! If you like pitiful attempts at humor then get lost in this world!  If you are a fan of slapstick then you should be able to tolerate this. But then again, who does this for? Everyone else? Who DOES this for anyone? This was an ugly excuse for something to laugh at!  But then there was the stupid ending. And the fact that it was filmed in Canada.  I guess that's something to look forward to. But not to plan on seeing.  This is NOT a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of mocking it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It wasn't even funny. It was embarrassing. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It didn't even make me want to laugh. I'm glad I didn't. It's not even worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible redeeming feature of this pitiful excuse for a movie is that it's not really an insult.  This is the first movie I watched where the acting wasn't terrible. There was a pretty limp story line and a pretty stupid ending. The rest was a pitiful effort. This is an insult! I'm not even gonna go on.  If this was an attempt at a spoof, it failed miserably. This isn't funny.  I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This isn`t even good enough to waste my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend of mine named Chris. He said it was OK. He also said it looked like it was trying to be something original. I guess it didn't. This was a complete disaster. The acting was awful. The story was hackneyed. I can't say this one was a total loss. I mean, it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's not going to cut it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the low budget, terrible, terrible film. I mean, who in their right mind is going to sit around watching this? Who could possibly like this? I mean this was an ugly excuse for a movie. I can't say that I didn't like it when I first saw it, but I didn.t. I found myself laughing at it the second time around.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bare bones effort. There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie but a slap in the face to anyone who had the misfortune of seeing it.  You get it, a snowman who wears a costume made of old clothes. It's a pitiable excuse for an effort. This is the least appealing movie I have ever seen in my life. This wasn't even close. I mean, a kid wearing a costume out to destroy the world? A little snowman? What could possibly be appealing about this one? I guess I'll just say this is a stupid movie. I wish it would never end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to rate this for any reason at all, I would have to say that it had crossed it. I watched this for the sole reason of laughing at how terrible it was. I mean, how could such a mess be made? Who paid money to make this thing? Who is this for? This is not a movie for anyone.  I mean... look at those credits!  Who knows who the hell this was made for? Who cares? Who needs to know? This kind of filmmaking has never appealed to me.  If it appeals to anyone, it's for that reason alone. This is an insult.  But... I guess I can't say it didn't make money. I guess that kind of sucks. This kind off sucks. And this kind of movies sucks. I don't like either one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hope that perhaps it would at least be a low budget effort but I was disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean it was awful.  Who does this for? Anyone? Anyone who can't get over themselves.  This is a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who lives in the South. I mean, this is an insult.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean...how could a kid even like this? It was pretty obvious that the makers didn't care about making money, so they went for the cheap shot. I guess they didn't make enough to justify a sequel. This was not only a pitiable excuse for an effort but a pretty lousy movie. There's not much here to recommend.  There's a long extended lesbian theme that's just annoying. There are also some pretty stupid special effects. There was no effort made to flesh out the movie with anything original or worthwhile. The acting is bad, the directing is bad...  What's next? Another insult to the stupid? Oh, right. This is how you end up in this condition. If you like this sort of thing, why not stay at a stupid hotel in the middle of nowhere? I'm sure it's a beautiful place but you wouldn't want to stay there for more than a couple hours. And you wouldn, wouldn't you? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it you should buy it, if you don't you should at least check it out.  It's an OK movie. OK, OK, I'll say it. It's OK. OK. This is a very, very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes and thought it was okay, then the credits rolled. It was horrible! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's a shame too, because it's awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's pretty obvious why this was made. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This isn't the movie for anyone looking to lighten the mood. There's no subtlety to it whatsoever. This is a pretty blatant rip off of "The Oogieloves" (1). This isn, without question, the worst movie I've EVER seen! This is why I gave it a 10!  I mean a kid getting head trauma from the Force of a Sleigh? A snowball? A costume that is not only ridiculously over-the-top, but has the nerve to call itself a "femme fatale" (2)? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 7! I mean who does she pick to pull the sled? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your first impression of a bad film, get lost. I watched this once, and let me say it: it was bad!  It wasn't even a bad attempt at a rip off! This is just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There are better movies out there. This should not be your first movie. It should not even be your third! I mean, how could it be your thirteenth? There's a snake that bites you? A little kid getting killed by a brick? A stupid, stupid movie! And this is a stupid, dumb excuse for an excuse! If you can't find something better to do with your time, then get lost! This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour and a half. The acting is terrible, the story is a lie, the direction is awful, the special effects are horrible. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that's so ill-fitting it's embarrassing? This wasn't a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright. It's an OK movie. It had one or two good moments and one or three lousy ones. I can't say it's terrible. It is, but there are better films out there.  It is very poor. This is the kind of film that's almost too good.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no redeeming quality to this at all.  There was one other movie called "The Oogieloves" by Jim Wynorski. It was OK. I watched it once. It wasn't that great, but then it was an OK short film. It has the makings of a decent short film...but that's all I'm going to say about it.  If you're looking for a laugh, this isn't it. I mean. You can't get much more than a few minutes of laughter out of this one. I'm sorry to say it, but I'm off to see if I can find something else to waste an hour or so. I pity anyone who has to sit through this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not only bad, but this is an OK-looking, OK-budgeted but definitely not OK movie. The story line is stupid and the direction is even worse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's OK to say this was a lousy movie; it's OK for me to say it was a waste of money.  This is a terrible excuse for an idea. There's no reason to look forward to this kind of movie. There are better ones out there. I'm sure this is only on the tip of the hat to the folks who like their lousy, unoriginal films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but embarrassing attempt at a low budget effort. It's bad acting, bad special effects, bad, bad. This was definitely not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is little to recommend here. It is really nothing new. This is an insult.  This may have been alright in 1999. I watched this for the first time around 6 or 7 years ago. I guess I was a kid. This was awful.  There is no way around it. This isn't even a good movie. This doesn't even make me want to look away. This has crossed it. I'm sure that there are worse ones out there. This sucks. I wish that someone would give a pitifully made budgeted excuse for an attempt at a laugh. This wasn't even worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then turned around to get a bite to eat. When I got back to the couch I was horrified at the pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful attempt at a film. I'm no snob, but I don't like to waste time watching things that are this bad.  I guess there's nothing you can say about a poor excuse for an idea. This is an insult to snobs everywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be on anyone's radar.  It's not a good movie!  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I watched this movie once, then I turned around and gave it back.  You get it. I don't like pitiful excuses for movies.  If this kind of movie is your thing, then why not buy a pitiable excuse for ten bucks.  Then, turn around and buy a thousand pitiful, pitiful movie?  I guess you could say I was a sucker. This is pitiful. This was definitely not a worthy endeavor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 8:30 AM on a Sunday morning. I mean, this is the most blatant rip off I've ever seen. It doesn't even look like it was made to be anything but a cash grab. If I were to recommend this to anyone, I'd tell them to stay away. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is laughable, the story is boring, the visuals are poor, this isn't even a good movie. I hope it's never again made. This was a complete letdown. I'm not even going to go on. Let's just say it doesn't hold up. I was supposed to write a positive review about something good, and this falls right in the middle. I wish I could give you an A+ review about this, but I can't. This sucks. It should never again be made. It's that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking, OK-acting effort that is not only not very bad, but also quite frankly boring. If you don't like boring movies, then get lost. This is the kind of film that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to rate this movie, I would say that it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A jaded comment like this does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! If you are looking to fill the empty spots in your life, I recommend that you do not check this one out.  The acting, writing, and story are all terrible. I'm not even gonna go on.  It was a miserable excuse for an hour or so of entertainment.  If you can't find a better movie out there, I pity your pathetic excuse for life. You can always hide in your basement. But only until the snowman comes alive. And then you get a surprise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. There's no redeeming value to this one whatsoever. This is just a terrible excuse for a movie.  And the fact that it was released in 1987 is just downright shameful.  But this is not to say that this is a bad film. It has some decent special effects, but it is an embarrassing excuse for an effort. It's embarrassing. And I can only give this a 7 rating. This will probably get me killed by the jaded comments. But I don't care.  You get it, it's embarrassing! I can't say this one gets me to see the light of day again.  The story is stupid, the special effects are horrible, and the direction, writing, and acting all leave a bad taste in my mouth. This should not be seen by anyone. This was a terrible idea. I can safely say this is the most pitiful excuse for money I've ever seen. I'd like to point out that it has a theme song by the ever so pretentious Tim Robbins. I guess that is a plus.  This is a shame, because there are far better films out there. This one doesn't even look like it was made to be good. There is no talent behind this one, no thought put into the project, no flair whatsoever. I mean, a robot's head? A stupid head with a costume that's clearly visible? This was definitely a pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen!  This was an OK horror movie but it was nothing new! The acting, story and everything else was just a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This wasn't even OK in black and white!  There's no excuse for this!  I was watching this for my friends who didn't like the first one! It was OKAY! This wasn the first time I heard about this! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! But I can't! I mean, this was a waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie, but I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's face? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. It was pure slapstick. And it was awful.  I mean it was horrible!  There were no subtle, thought-out themes to this. It wasn't even an OK movie. It's a slap in the face to anyone who cares about good movies. It has nothing to recommend it! It was an OK excuse to get a few hours of sleep, but that was it. I'm glad I didn't waste a minute of it watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's nothing new. It has the potential to be an OK thriller, but it has a pitifully limp story line that's nothing fresh.   And it has crossed it.  I watched this with great anticipation of watching something new and different. This, however, has crossed that. I can't recommend this movie to anyone.  It's a mess.  There's a pit bull in this movie. There are also scenes where a kid is supposed to be asleep, but the light is turned out for him. It was dark. The movie has a little kid in it. A very stupid kid. The writing is also pretty terrible. I mean, a pitbull? A pitbull?! I can only say this once: if you're looking to get your kid into something new, stay away from this one. There's nothing here. There is nothing here for anyone. And it's not like there is a kid's section of the local Kinko's. I'm not even going to mention it. I couldn't find one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least worst movie I've EVER EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The direction is awful. The story is stupid. The special effects are terrible.  It's embarrassing.   I'm not even going to go on. There are better things out there. But that doesn't make this one great.  There was a good reason to avoid this one. I don't like stupid. I'm glad it didn't make money. I hope it didn?t. I sure don't!  I mean, this is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I hope no one ever makes a sequel to this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie: This movie sucks! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful attempt at an adult's heartwarming movie. This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I mean come ON! A kid's sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to a Halloween costume? A bunch of unappealing people trying to rescue the kid? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. And I'm sure whoever paid to make this movie knew it.  I mean how much money does it cost to outfit this poor excuse for production? It's not like there are any good looking people in this movie. And even if there were, they wouldn't be able to pass this one off as anything remotely resembling art. This was an insult to anyone who wants to see something original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but not great! I mean, the acting is terrible, the direction is even worse, and the story is downright unoriginal! I can only give this a 4 out of 10. This is OK for a short Halloween movie, and I'm glad it's over! But it is really, really, bad! I wish this movie would get a life long hiatus from my life! I would not recommend this movie to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so and then gave it a negative rating. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forceps? A forceps that's the wrong size? A very annoying forceps. I guess it's a good movie, but it's definitely a lousy excuse for a movie.  I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  There was little, and then there was a movie most foul!  I was supposed to review this for my website, and I can't say I was impressed. I was hoping to say something good about it, but I guess I can only give you such a negative score. This is definitely not worth your time. I'm sorry to hear that your family is losing you. I wish you a miserable Christmas. I hope you're happy with the gifts you got. But then again, I was a fat kid and I guess my parents don't appreciate me making myself miserable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. It's OK, but let's face it, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no talent involved whatsoever. The acting was OK, the direction was terrible, the story was a complete rip off.  I mean, how do you top a bad ending? The fact that it doesn't even have a happy ending is a little insult. This was an OK way to pass the time, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  But I'm sure it will be forgotten. I certainly hope it is. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Florida that doesn't do much and leaves a bad aftertaste. I wish this had been a good movie, but it didn't. I mean, how could it possibly be a good idea? The acting, direction, story - everything. I could easily say it was an OK movie, except the fact that I couldn't recall seeing a good one. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess I'm just as angry as everyone else. I found myself laughing at the script, not at the poor directing. This kind of low budget stuff can't be good. This is the kind of movie that should be avoidedable at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but horribly executed attempt at a low budget movie. The acting is OK but the story is terrible. There is no subtlety to it. There's no intelligence. It's just a bunch of stupid kids playing stupid characters. I was supposed to review this for my buddies at The Outpost and I missed it. The poor movie.  And this is coming from a guy who has never seen such a thing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I'm not even going to go on. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this film for the first time and was instantly hooked. It was the most disgusting movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an absolute pitiful excuse for a movie! I wish I could give you a hundred bucks to take a f---ing break. I mean this is an absolutely disgusting excuse for an entertainment! I guess it's possible that this one was better than most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's called "A Serbian Movie?"  And it's about a bunch of dumb kids who can't find their way to the beach? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to be told? Who's too stupid to care?  This is not only an ugly excuse for an hour, but a pitifully excuse for one.  And to make matters worse, it has an ugly, ugly ending. I mean come on.  This isn't even worth your time.  If this is your only movie, I pity your miserable life.  But then you're an ugly old hag who likes to hide in her attic. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for several reasons, not least of which was to see if I could get into it. I can't say that I enjoyed it, and I'm sure I didn't. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could a kid like me, who had never seen such a thing in his life, get into such a rip off? I mean... how could this kid find out about such a movie? I'm ashamed to say that he didn't, but then who does he think he is? Who does he pick? I guess he's a fool, but that still wouldn't make me recommend this movie to anyone. This is a pitiable excuse for an effort.  And who can blame him? The acting is terrible.  The direction is poor. The story is lame. The special effects are poor. This should have been left on the cutting-room floor a long time ago. If you're going to make a pitifully bad movie, then at least make it funny! This was ugly, ugly, and definitely uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. This is an insult.  This should not be watched. This should be laughed at. This isn't funny. This has crossed the line. I can't say that I enjoyed it very much. I found myself laughing at it, and then I was surprised at how quickly I forgot about it. There is little of it, too.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. I guess these are the movies for people who don't like to get their hands dirty. You can get to the other side and not look back. You have been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a terrible excuse for an idea.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all a complete joke. The story line is so far off from anything I could find in my head that I couldn't care less about it. The visuals don't look very good either. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled?  I guess there's some snowman who can't get a sled out of the tree?  Oh, and there's an ugly snowman in a costume that's clearly meant to be something more for kids. It doesn't even work. This is an uninteresting excuse for anything.  I mean - what was the point?  If this was supposed to be a kid friendly movie - well, there is a snowman with a costume and he looks more like he's trying to hide from the cold. That's about it - this is a pitifully excuse for anyone.  Sorry to all you poor souls out there.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean, a guy dressed like a hobo and riding a snowman? That's not a movie made for people looking to laugh at a bad idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the clothes? This was an insult.  And this was only $7.00. I'm sure this was an attempt to make something for the holidays, but the result was just a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This was clearly a poor excuse for any holiday movie. I mean this, a snowman that has a costume made out of empty sleds? This is not worthy of your time.  This is clearly the worst movie I have ever seen. This should be banned! I mean how do you say "This is a pitiable excuse for entertainment" without getting a headache? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this was an OK movie.  But then it went downhill.  It didn't even make sense!  It was horrible!  Who knows? Maybe they just forgot.  Maybe the script was really awful? Maybe it was a cheap attempt to cash in on the "we all loved it" factor. Who knows anything about this? Who cares?  The end result is just that bad!  I watched this for a few minutes and just couldn't bring myself to give it a second thought.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  A snowman? A snowwoman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  I hope whoever makes these sorts of movies learns something from their mistakes! This was a pitifully excuse for money! I hope someone sends me a few bucks to fix this. But that would be a stupid movie. This was just plain awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but only OK for the most part.  It is not OK at all. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an OK idea, but there was a kid wearing a costume that was way too long and way too heavy.  This was OK, but not great. This is a low budget effort, but this is a terrible movie. There was little humor here, but it was all wasted.  Who cares about an OK budget movie? This is OK, sure, but let's face it. This wasn't very good.  But, hey, I guess there is a sequel.  If you can't afford to buy a ticket to this one, then I guess you shouldn't be watching this one. It's OK. It wasn't great, but that's OK, because this was OK. I mean... a kid snowman. A snowmen? What could this be, I wonder? A costume party? This wasn, like, $12 bucks worth of snowman gear. I guess this is OK... OK, OK, I'M DONE! This was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, direction, and story are all pitiful.  The ending is even pitiful! I could go on and on, but I'll let you all draw your own conclusions.  I'm sure this was a lot of fun for you kids, but in all honesty, it was a pretty limp excuse for an hour. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is a pretty embarrassing excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort that's a little bit of everything. Not once did I find myself laughing at the terrible acting, or the terrible direction. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's possible that the poor, poor movie made it to that place by accident. It was a long shot, but I'm pretty sure that's what happened.  But enough about me. Let's get to the nitty gritty.  This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  A bunch of people who didn't care about low budget filmmaking get together and decide to make a low budget version of The Omen. Who am I to judge?  The ending is an excuse, and it doesn't really help.   I'm not even gonna go on. I'm just gonna say this: this is a pitifully made excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's really that bad. It doesn't even try to be anything new. It has the worst script I've ever seen. It should be banned. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an absolute pitiful attempt at a movie!  The acting is a complete joke. It was a bad, bad, pitiful movie.  The story is even a complete insult. It tries to be something edgy, something different. It fails miserably. It is embarrassing. I wish I could give this a zero rating. It would be easier. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is complete bimbo-pie. I can't say that it's very good, I mean, it's really, really stupid.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  If you want to see an unoriginal excuse for a movie: go ahead. It's not like you were going to sit around all day and enjoy it.  You were going out to play.  The snowman is a complete rip off of The Omen. It doesn't make me like it, but I guess I could say it was pretty cool. Who knows, maybe I'll be back on this movie some day and it will change my mind. I mean I watched it once and forgot about it. That's the worst movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who would be stupid enough to sit through this? It's embarrassing.  And I watched it with great pleasure. But then I saw the ending and I couldn't say anything positive.  I mean it's a stupid excuse for an hour.  Oh, and I just can't say this one gets a single laugh out of me. It's an uninteresting excuse for everything. It has a boring story line that's nothing new. A stupid ending that's even stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about 30 minutes ago and I am glad I did.  It was awful!  It's definitely not funny!  There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This was an excuse to sit around watching people get hurt.  I didn't care.  This was a terrible excuse for a movie! I would never recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one awful excuse for a movie. There was a short story that didn't need to be told and then a terrible ending. I don't know who this was supposed to be for. I guess it was supposed be for people who hated the thought of spending money on a lousy movie. I hated it.  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. There were awful, awful, and then there was this final insult. I can only give this a 1. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pathetic.  I watched this for the first time. It was a complete waste of money.  If you're a kid, don't bother watching this. If you like poor movies, then this is a movie you can't pass up.  You get the idea. This is the kind of thing you watch once. Then you never, ever, ever look at the same movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but its terrible direction, lousy acting, and lousy story line. I mean, how hard can it be to get into this one? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? There's an empty space in the middle? A snowman with a costume that looks more like it belongs to a Halloween costume sale. And that's it? There is no fun to be had here. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that I don't like it, I do! This is OK! OK! But how could it be so bad? And who paid money to make this a hit? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful! The direction, and the acting, and, well, the story. The ending sucks!  The fact that the story is just plain stupid doesn't help, but then how could you expect anything good out of a bad script?  It's all too easy to look around and say, "Well, at least this isn't some hackneyed attempt to cash in on the craze. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. If I'm to review this one, I'm gonna give it a zero. And, by that, I mean it.  The acting, the direction, the script - you get it, it's all bad.  Oh, and let's not forget the lousy special effects. There's a lizardman, but that's about it. No, I don't give a flying fuck! I mean, a fireman's costume with a costume that's too big? That's about as much special effects as a cramp!  There's an empty spot in my heart that won't be filled until I find out that this is a bad idea.  It has a little Bard, a hot lady, a stupid kid, and an ugly beast. A stupid kid and an annoying old man. A boring movie.  I can't say that I've never seen such a stupid idea in my life! And I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What, an empty head? That doesn't make sense! I guess I could say that it's a little thing that's supposed to be a movie, but a kid wearing a costume with fur? It's not like there's a lot of snow out there. Oh, wait! There is! That's the special effects guy!  I guess that's why they chose to use the "light" side of things for this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting, story, and direction are all below par.  The story should not be confused with anything good. It is an awful excuse for a movie.  There is no reason to even see this one. If you have the urge to see it once, please do it once and never come back. I don't mean to say you won't, but don't expect anything spectacular. This is not the movie for anyone who wants to laugh. This isn't even a good time pass.  It's an OK excuse to waste an hour or so, but you get the idea.  If you are looking to watch a bad idea and experience a little entertainment, look no further. If the idea is you are going to watch something that is at all amusing, then this isn't it. This was a pitiful excuse for money.  I hope the writer gets a good lawyer and can recover his costs. I mean, how could a movie like this get made? I guess his name was Arnie? Oh, well, what do I know? I hope he has a nice suit and a beautiful wife! It's getting cold out there in Michigan, so I'll be happy to move on. I wish this was over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's got an Englishman playing a kid? A kid with a costume that is too big for him? This is the kind of thing you see in the "I'll Take You Home" section of a bad drug trip. I hope you get a kick out of it! But if you're looking to kill some time, this is not the movie for you.  This kind of entertainment doesn't do much for me. I mean who wants to sit around and talk about a pitifully excuse for an excuse? Who does she think she is? Who doesn't she think is watching this? Who is she kidding? Who cares? This kind has crossed it. I'm out! I'm glad I'm done. I need to go back to the hotel and get a good night's sleep. If only this kind of crap would end! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it lacks charm. It lacks originality. It doesn't even try to be anything new. It just sort of wanders around. I mean, a bunch of college kids are getting killed off one by one? That's pretty boring. But this is OK. I guess. I like to give these kind of movies a chance. I was supposed to review this for a website. I didn't like it so much I just left it at 2 stars. I have to say, this is a horrible excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before, and I'll say it again: Ming The Merc is not the film for anyone looking to feel something and experience change. He's more of a letdown than anything.  The acting, direction and story are all awful. The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Let's face it, the story is not only embarrassing but the acting is even worse.    The story doesn't make sense. I mean, how is it that the White Huns get killed off by the Black Panther? What kind of magic bullets do they use? Who knows? Who cares?  This is not a good movie. I wish I could give you a thousand dollars to get this one out of your head.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I was supposed to review this for my buddy Pete. He said it was good, and he's right.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible bad movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'd like to say it was an accident but I'm pretty sure it wasn't. And it wasnt. I'm sure it was supposed to be funny but it wasn&t.  And this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I can only give this a 2 or 3.  This is a very, very bad movie.  If you're looking to waste your time, this is the movie for you.  You can easily find a way to turn it into something tolerable but there's no way you're enjoying yourself. It's a little Bardwork, a snowman and a sleigh.  It's pretty obvious who's behind this one. Someone who's only interested in getting a cheap laugh. And they succeeded.  I'm sad to see them go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time ever.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's supposed to be a spoof.  It didn't even do a good job of it.   I wish it would stop.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this.  Then, there's the story. This was a pitifully excuse for an episode.  If I were to rate this, it would be a 1. I guess I can say that the first episode sucked.  2nd episode sucks too. 3rd sucks. 4th sucks.  And this is where it ends. This is the worst.  You get it, this is the pitiful attempt at a movie I've ever seen.  There was supposed to have been an episode made up for this. I was supposed be watching it. It didn of course get cut.  So, I guess this is it. This poor excuse for entertainment. I'm glad I didn't buy it. I'd like to recommend this to everyone.  But I can't say it's great. I mean this was a mess.  Well, that's enough of me blabbing. I hope this didn't burn my brain.  That's not to say it didn't, but I was looking forward to watching something new. I didn It didn't. But I was going to anyway.  What am I going to say? It wasn't good enough.  Sorry.  Maybe next time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time and then promptly forgot it. It was a little bimbo outing with a long extended lesbian theme that did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, come on! Who in their right mind would watch this?  And how about this for a thought experiment? Who in the world could possibly enjoy such a bimba movie? Well, me, I guess. But then I remembered the horrible special effects and I was horrified! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I wish the makers would just shove this one back in the box! But I guess I'm in the minority here... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film a hundred times! The acting, directing and story were all bad! This is not a good movie! I mean, how can anyone look at this and not be reminded of the poor decision making that went into making it? The ending is even kind of a letdown! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie, but it is very obvious that it is trying to be something different. It's obviously not. It has a few good moments and a very bad movie. This isn't a very good movie and I can't say that I didn't give it a good try. I mean, I like to like to give something bad a try. This is not a good movie. I would give anything to go back in time and watch this film over 100 times. It was a complete joke.  There are only so many ways this can go. I guess it's best to just say this is a complete waste of money. This was clearly meant to be a spoof, but then it didn't really make sense. There were plenty of similarities, like the ending, the characters, the subject matter. But then, it was obviously a very low budget effort.  So why not just make a few bucks and call it a day? It was terrible. I'm surprised it didn . That's all I can say about this. This sucks! I mean this is such a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and then moved on to the next thing. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was definitely the most transparent.   This is not a film I would recommend for anyone looking to get a laugh. I mean, who's going to be laughing? People who have never heard of it? People with an empty stomach? I can only say this once: If you don't like transparent, hackneyed, low budget fare, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  It's definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, what's the point? I mean this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a cheap rip off.  And why would anyone pay money to see this?  I guess it's to show off your new and fancy snowman costume. It's a cheap costume and a stupid story.   What a bunch of bratty kids. What a terrible excuse for an excuse. I wish they'd never release this pitiful mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to rate this for a low budget effort, I'd say it was a complete joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the one he's wearing? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This isn't to say that this is a terrible movie. It was a little fun for a while. But then it went on a bender. I can't recommend this one to anyone.  There are better movies out there. This one should be sent to the shredder. It's not even worthy of your time. But that doesn.t mean I'm not going to let you down. This is a pitiable excuse for an effort. This kind of entertainment is only going to get you so far. This was poor excuse for money.  This is one of those movies. I wish I could give you a positive review about it. But I can only give you this: It was an OK movie. I watched it once. Then I watched another one. It had a few good moments. But it's just that: an OK effort. But don't expect anything spectacular. I'm sure this isn't a lot of money. It wasn't made to be popular. But if you're looking for a little diversion, this is OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork here, a movie most foul!  I'm not even going to say it. I'm just going to let you go. It's terrible! It's a bunch of kids singing to an empty seat.  The lyrics are terrible. The acting is even worse! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! There are better movies out there. I guess those are some of the movies I can't watch. They're all pretty much the same. This one has crossed it. It was awful!  If you're a fan of low budget, awful movies like this, then by all means check this one out.  But don't expect anything special. It has crossed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no reason whatsoever to check this one out.  This should not be your movie. This should be a lesson to all of you who don't like to watch poor, horrible movies.  It should not even be a suggestion.  No, you don't want to watch this. This is not a good movie. If you are a low budget kind of person, and you don;t like low budget, then get lost.  If you like high budget, and a pitifully unoriginal script, then I'm sorry to let you down.  I guess that would make this the lowest budget effort I've ever seen. It would also make me the least likely to recommend it. This kind of movie doesn't appeal to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is really awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares? This is an unoriginal, uninteresting, and downright uninteresting movie. I can only give this a 3 out of 10.  I mean it's just not worthy of your time.  If you can't find a better movie - I'm sorry to say this one sucks!  I can't say I was a huge fan of this one when I first saw it, but then I watched it once.  The snowman was the only thing that gave me a chuckle.  It doesn't help that it has a pretty limp ending.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I'm sure there's a good movie out there somewhere. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone. It has some good acting, but terrible direction and a lousy story. If you don't like the direction or the script, I'm sad to see where you're headed. This one isn't worth your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this was an OK, OK movie.  But then it went way, WAY out of bounds.  I mean, it was an empty, uninteresting script. I can't say I enjoyed it, but then I guess I didn't.   But, like I said, it wasn't great. I mean... it was a bunch of hangers-on trying to figure out why their girlfriend was getting cold feet about moving to California. That doesn't even get me started on the lousy direction, or the cloying, unimaginative script.  And, no, I'm not going to say this is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen. I guess it's OKAY for those who like to think that they can't go anywhere near a bad film. This is probably OKAY. This was OKAY... for me, anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and that was a long time ago! It wasn't even a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to give this to a grade schooler, I'd say, "Go away, you miserable wench! This is a lousy excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at the absolutely stupid script. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited for a Halloween costume. A costume that has the seams clearly visible. A poor excuse for a movie. This wasn't even remotely good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason. I mean, it was a terrible excuse for a movie.  There was a horrible, stupid ending, bad special effects, lousy direction and a bad, stupid, stupid script.  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  It's not even funny.  The acting, writing and story are all below par. This was an embarrassing excuse for anyone to see.  I can't recommend this to anyone. I can only give it a 4 out of 10. If I'm being honest, I'm pretty sure I don't like to waste my time watching this kind of movie. It's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for something to watch this week and you don't like the idea of it, then look away now. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has the makings of a low budget effort but this year things are different. This year things seem to be getting better and better. This means it's going to be a more than a little rough. But I guess that's the way things go in these parts. This kind of film doesn't really make me want to watch again. I mean, it's just bad. I'm almost tempted to give it a negative rating but then I'm tempted to. This has crossed it. I hope next year things get better. And then next year we're all going to die.  I guess we all need to get together and discuss the problems with the world. We can't all be sitting around drinking coffee together at 3:30 in the morning and laughing at the idiocy of this film. There is a little Bardwork and a little bit of puerile and there is a horrible ending.  There is nothing redeeming about this film, so get rid of it.   There was a kid's show called "The Adventures of Puss in Boots" which I liked a lot. I missed it! I wish I could buy it. It's really not a pleasant experience.  What am I going to say? This is not a good movie. I wish it would burn in hell! I mean a kid in a hat and boots trying to scare a girl by showing her a spider? Who cares?  The idea behind this is stupid. I watched it once and then threw it away. I never watch anything this stupid again. The acting is terrible. The direction is worse. The special effects are even worse. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I can only give this a 6. It sucks! And the ending is a slap in the face.  This is an OK animated film but it doesn't belong in my life. I was never going to like it. And it doesn not only suck, it also has a horrible, stupid ending. This should be banned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was supposed to be a spoof I guess it missed the mark. A few lines of dialogue don't even make sense. The acting is the least appealing thing about this.  I guess this was going to be "a little something for the holidays". It's not even a holiday movie.  The acting and story are both a complete joke. It's very cold, very unoriginal. This was definitely not a good movie. If I was looking to laugh at myself for a few hours I guess I would have gone to the wrong place. I mean, I'm supposed to review this for a job.  You're supposed to give me a laugh. This isn't even good. I'm pretty sure the makers knew this. But I'm sure they missed the point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was awful.  I mean a snowman? This wasn't even a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the low budget but high entertainment. This wasn't a good movie.  I mean, an empty sled? A snowman? This was an insult! I can't say I'm surprised. I mean it was bad.  The acting is terrible. The story is even worse.  There is a stupid ending.  It's not funny! And it doesn't fit in with the rest of the cloyingly-acted, uninteresting bimbo/wonderland.  This is an uninteresting excuse for a movie. I'm sad to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy in a costume that's supposed to be from the '30s? A man who wears a costume like it was made out of cheap cotton? A tramp stamp?  This would've been better if it wasn't for the fact that it didn't make me laugh. There's no charm to it, no character, no story, no, nothing. I can't say it was the worst movie I ever saw, but it was certainly a lousy excuse for one.  I mean... a guy wearing a costume with a hat that has the seams clearly visible? A trampled hat? I can only give this a 4. If it was possible, I would've given it 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of dorks trying to hide from the rain in a museum. Unfortunately, they don't have enough blankets to make it through the whole movie. I mean, they're supposed to be studying the human face! This is like trying to paint a room full of mirrors without any color. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. There's nothing here to recommend. There are better, and less puerile, films out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say I watched this for the sheer stupidity of it all. There is no possible way this could be good, especially with such a terrible acting, a nonsensical story line, and a stupid ending. I mean, it's a bunch of kids running around the woods and singing to themselves, which is idiotic and idiotic.  It's hard to say how this was allowed to be made, but the result is certainly not OK.  I mean who gives a flying f--- about a bunch old people making a movie? This was an OK attempt, but an OK one. There are a few moments of brilliance here. It's just a stupid idea with an OK performance. If you can get past the awful direction and the lousy script, this is OK. But if you can't, then I suggest you get lost. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And who am I to judge? I like stupid things like this. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this was pretty obvious.  The acting was okay. The story was a little daffy.  I guess it was supposed to be a "low budget" movie. But it was an insult.  And I'm sorry, but that's all I can say about this one.  Not once did the script make me chuckle. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was probably made by a guy who wanted to make a movie for his dad. But that's not going to cut it.  This is definitely one of those low budget movies. But I guess he thought it would be a hit. And he was probably right. But this was a train wreck.  Watch it once with your buddies and then never again. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. This was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who could forget this was made for Halloween? This is how the kids trick or treat in this movie. Who could have imagined such a pitiable excuse for an effort?  The acting, the direction, the costumes - it's all pitiful.  It's so bad, in fact, that you don't care much about the direction. You just don't. This isn't even very good. I mean, it's a kid's movie. I don't know that I ever saw such a stupid idea in my life. It's embarrassing. And there's a stupid sequence where the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for anything to come before it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a mess. It's not funny. It lacks originality. It is definitely the least original movie I've ever seen. I mean, how can you top a movie like this? This is an excuse for a lousy movie.  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but lame excuse for a movie.  This was supposed to be a little movie but it was a pitiful excuse.  The acting, direction, story...  It's all just plain bad!  It was an OK idea but it's a pitifully excuse. You don't need to see it to be disgusted.  If you don't like it, then don't go to see anything else.  I can't say I like the idea of this film or I like how it's being made...  There's no charm to anything this film does. It's ugly, boring, and definitely not worth your time.  That's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes. It was awful! I mean, the special effects were just awful! There was a stupid, stupid, idiotic attempt to recreate a short story. The ending was even pretty stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is just a stupid excuse for a movie. The acting, writing, direction, and everything else is just plain bad.  I guess there is a big budget for a stupid movie, and I guess that is where you will find your heartbreak. This is a pretty ugly excuse for an entertainment. It has crossed it.  There is no reason to even watch this pitiful excuse for something. There is nothing to recommend. There are worse movies out there. This was a pitiful attempt at a cheap thrill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible to like this movie. I didn't like it. It's definitely not recommended for anyone. It has the worst special effects I've ever seen. I wish the makers would put together a special edition for me. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie.  There's no substance to this thing.  No intelligence evident at all. No creativity. And no talent. This is just a bunch of ugly people having a miserable time in a place they shouldn't be. And the movie doesn't even make it worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once with my dad and we both laughed at how stupid it was. Then we both looked around the living room and said "We have to get out of here soon. I'm gonna go back to my room and get a good night's sleep." It wasn't worth it. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be an action packed yet sensitive movie. It fell short on both counts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard in a big city who can't get a single job because he's too old, too ugly, too short, and has no qualifications. What a terrible idea!  I watched this for a second or two, then turned around and went to bed. It was the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen!  This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse for anything! This is definitely not recommended! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I can't say that this is an OK movie. It's certainly an OK one, but that's about as far as it gets.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what kind of budget can you get? This was a lousy excuse for an idea. There's no reason to buy it. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks.  The acting, direction, and story all suck.  And the ending sucks. It should have been left on the cutting-room floor.  You get it, a bunch of bimbo's get killed by a monster. A lame attempt at a scare.  Who cares? I mean -- this is supposed to be a gothic thriller. That should not be your first introduction to such films.  There are better and more interesting films out there. I'm not saying this is one of them. I guess it is, but I'm also guessing it is not going to be one of your last. This is not one to be recommended for anyone looking to escape the cold, cruel world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea, but it was poorly executed.  There was no subtlety to it. There was not even much of a story. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief long enough to care about the ending. It was a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I guess it didn't make money. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was probably too big for him? There was little subtlety here.  The acting was OK, but the direction was awful. It's hard to recommend this to anyone. There is no subtle humor here. There's a lot of "let's slap together a few cheap shots" and hope for a bad night. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all bad. I was supposed to review this for a friend. I mean, who would like to sit through such a pitiable excuse for an hour or so? And who wants to sit around with an empty stomach watching something so pitiful?  I mean - it's an empty sled? This is not a movie for anyone who wants anything to get out of their lives. I hope the rest of you don't waste your time. This is an insult!  I can only give this a 7. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life. I'm sure whoever made this has never even seen a snowman. I don't blame them!  This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half and then gave up on it. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it had a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An empty sled with a snowman? This was an excuse for an hour or so. There was no emotion in it. No intelligence evident. I guess you could say I'm a snowwoman.  And that's not to mention the fact that this was shot in a window and has the audacity to think it's going to be something. Who knows? This is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time and I must say this is an absolutely awful movie!  I mean, how could this get made? This was supposed to be a comedy.  It didn't work. It was really, really awful. I mean this was supposed be something light and fun. And it completely missed both those things. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't funny, it was a horrible excuse for an idea. This is one pitiful attempt at humor. This isn't even funny! It's embarrassing! And I'm not even gonna go on. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and then I was too disappointed to like it.  I can only say this once: You can't really call yourself an aficionado of low budget movies until you've seen this one once. It's an insult!  I mean, how hard is it to come up with a budget for a $200 movie? This one didn't make me want to go out and buy a cheap camera. I'd rather stay home and look for something more exciting. This is definitely one for the people who hate movies. This was definitely one of the worst I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie. OK, it had a few bad moments. OK. I mean, it was a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean it had to be a stupid holiday movie. Who doesn't like a stupid movie? Who does she? Who doesn's a stupid person like me? OK, I'm outta here.  But you get the idea.  There was nothing to recommend here. Nothing. It was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I wouldn't even say it was all that bad. There were a few good moments. I guess I'm going to go on a negative rant about a stupid film. This was a bad idea. This movie sucks.  Not once did it make sense.   I watched this for the first time in my life and I wish I could take it back. I wish they'd make a sequel. It needs a little editing, but a few years of working in a basement don't hurt anything. OKAY, I'M OUTTA HERE. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an episode. I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible? This is an awful excuse for anyone. I wouldn't even recommend this to anyone who wanted to feel something for the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and I'm glad I did. It was an OK excuse to get wasted, but I'm guessing it wasn't very good.  It was definitely an OK movie, but it doesn't belong in this "good" category. This movie has crossed it. This is definitely a low budget effort from Texas that's trying to be something different. It's not. I wish it would go away. I mean, how could it be anything good? There was a pretty limp story line, a few terrible special effects, and a pretty empty set.  I'm not even gonna go on. You know how these things go. There was no reason to watch this one.  But don't let me down. This one belongs in the "let's get this over with" category and I hope that's all you're gonna say. This wasn't worth your time.  And I'm sure it wasn in the other guy's. If you're looking for something new and exciting to do on your Halloween night, look elsewhere. This ain't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea but there was no talent here. The acting was OK but the direction was poor. I can only give this a 3 out of 10. There was no story here and no thrills. The special effects were poor. This is a very bad movie.  It is certainly not recommended. I mean, how could you possibly like this movie? It was ugly. It was poorly thought out. And worst of all, it was very expensive. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you can't give this one a bad rating, then you must be an old crone who lives in a remote cabin in the woods. If that's the case, then let me say this: The days of yore are long gone. The new century is upon us and what a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is so much for the money. I can only give it 4 stars. If you're looking for a low budget, stupid movie then this is a good one.  I'm not even going to go on. Just...don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's too tight? A pathetic excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a thousand times over. I watched this with no expectation whatsoever that it would be anything special. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is too big for him? I mean come ON! This was a bunch of kids having a terrible Christmas. There was no way this was going to be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a comedy but it left out the fun. It was just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the thin layers? This was an excuse for an empty stomach.  And this is a lousy excuse for entertainment.  If I lived in the Northeast I'd be looking to dump this at the nearest box office. It's nothing new and it's boring.  But I don't. I'd rather look forward to the next time this happens. Then I'd probably just give up. But it'll be a long time. I can only give this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all very poor. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pretty terrible excuse for an hour.  It was supposed to be a spoof, but it wasn't even a good one. This is a little known fact, but you need to check it out at least once. I'm sure it wasn in your attic, but who knows?  I hope it's still there. You never know. You don't have to check. It's not like it's worth the hassle. It should be banned.  I mean who does this for? Who cares? This is so not worth your time. I can't say that it's all bad, but I can say that this is not a good movie. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the craze that is the 1990's. Unfortunately, the direction, the acting, the set design - everything else is just hackneyed.  There are a few laughs, though.  You can tell this was a long shot from the get-go. The script, I'm sure, wasn't even that good.  This is one of those "I wish I could give this a 10" kind of movies. But I guess I could only give it a 7.  It's really not very good. It lacks originality. I guess it was trying to do something different. But it's a mess.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is not the movie for kids. If you're looking for a light and fluffy movie, then I guess this is the movie. But if you're expecting anything more than that - then you're more than welcome to stay the heck away from this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie!  It doesn't even have the "let's face it, who does she pick?" factor that the others have.  It has a bunch of young people, and that's about it. I mean, a high school senior getting killed off by her boyfriend? I mean it's embarrassing!  You get it, she can't get a boyfriend because she's too young. So she kills him and then moves to the city to get a job in a movie theater. And then the director decides to kill off the students in the school.  Yeah, it's pretty lame.  But the acting and direction are all bad! And the direction is just plain bad.  And this is just one lousy movie. I'm sure this wasn't made to be anything other than a pitiful excuse for an excuse! This is a bunch poor people trying to make a living, and this is what they come up with? This is an empty spot! A bunch of kids who can't act? This was a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there is a huge, glaring, obvious, unoriginal, uninteresting, and uninteresting ending. There was never any reason to see it coming. And, for those of you who thought it would be good, you were dead wrong. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does this for? The Canadian government? The local police? Who cares? This was an OK snowman, but a pitifully excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all below par.  The direction is hackneyed. The acting is below par, and the story is an insult to everything that's good about it. It's an OK try but an OK insult. This isn't very good. This should be avoidedable. I hope it gets better. There's not much here to recommend. I guess it was OK to do a low budget effort and not much money was involved.  I mean, come ON! This was a terrible idea. And let's face it. This is the kind of movie where you can't laugh at it.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not once did anyone I know (ahem) think this was a good idea.  Oh, wait... 1. There was one scene where the kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess that's a little sled. 2. There were scenes where the snowman wore a costume that was almost a bikini? Come ON! 3. The music is OK. But that's it. I mean... this is a pitifully excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but very stupid movie! The acting is OK, the direction is terrible. The story is not only very stupid, but it's the least appealing thing about this garbage. If I could give it zero stars, I would! I mean, it's called "The Producers"! A bunch of losers go around and decide to produce a movie. Well, they decide to shoot it instead of produce it, but why? Who knows? Who cares? It's an OK movie, but there's a lot to un-like about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a low budget effort that lacks heart and character, look elsewhere. This is an excuse to buy a used car. This would have been much better if the acting and story weren't so awful.  I watched this with optimism that perhaps this would be a decent film. I was wrong. This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  This isn't even funny.  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. The story is even downright embarrassing. I don't even want to go on.  It's embarrassing.  Maybe it's supposed to be for people who like to watch trashy but good movies. This isn  a pitiful excuse for anything. I hope someone tells me there's a better one out there.  And they don't make them like this one. This has crossed it.  You can't buy this for a laugh. This doesn't even get a "9" out of 10. This should be banned.  If this was a low production budget effort, I wouldn't give a flying rat's ass. This could have been a really good movie. But it wasn't. I'd rather take my chances with a bad director trying to make a bad film. But I guess he can't make it all that bad. I guess it's too much to hope for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for a bad comedy and a lousy movie. The acting, direction, and story line are all just hackneyed. I mean, this is a bunch of kids playing with LEGOs? There was no imagination present in that pitiful excuse for a script.  The only saving grace is that this wasn't terribly bad, and the music was terrible.  If you're looking to kill some time on a boring Sunday afternoon, this might be something to check out. It might even be fun. I can't say I enjoyed myself at all. The writing and direction are all amateurish. There's little to recommend here. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to kill a little time. Who's with me? I'm with you all the way to the hills. It wasn't very good, but at least I was entertained. This is an ugly excuse for an entertainment product. I'm sure this one was put together by a bunch a morons who can't think of anything original to do. It's awful. I don't know how anyone can justify spending $15 on this pitiful little excuse for entertainment. This has crossed it. And to top it off, the production values are pitiful.  And this is coming from a guy who paid $30 to $40 to see this for the first time. This was a pitiful attempt at a rip off. This doesn't deserve a second glance. There was a lot of bad in this. Bad special effects, bad, bad.  This isn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours with a few friends, and we all thought it was alright. But then we all started to look around and say, "why isn't this rated higher?" Well, let's just say it doesn't quite fit into our 'funny' category.  This is a very, very bad movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean it's a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is obviously intended to be a puerile rip off? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A movie with such an obvious disregard for detail that I'm surprised it didn't get a few thousand dollars in the black market. This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. And a half naked one at that.  If you can't find a half-naked snowman at your local mall, then you're doing it wrong. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  Let's just be clear here. This is an embarrassing excuse for an attempt at entertainment. This wasn't even very good acting, writing, or directing.  It should be banned. This should be avoidedable at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first season was alright but the second was an absolute train wreck.  The acting, direction and story were all just a bunch of hackneyed kids playing around with a haunted house.  I was supposed to review this for a website but this was so bad it didn't matter.  This is an absolute bimbo outing. This was supposed be a fun Halloween for the holidays. This is so obviously a terrible idea I can't even put it on the internet. It's even worse than I imagined.  If this is the last thing you see this holiday season, then I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news.  Please send me back to the grave. I'm trying to be a positive review here. This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have never been made. I can't say that it's the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's certainly the least appealing. It was terribly made.  And the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. It doesn't even try to be original. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  There was no flair to this. I'm sure it was supposed to be something, but the execution was poor.  If you're hoping to see something new in this pitiful production, you're a fool. This was an excuse to sit around and watch something stupid. And that's a shame.  I'm not even gonna go on. I have enough on my plate. This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A poor excuse for an hour or so of your life.  If you don't like boring old movies this is a pitifully excuse for one.  This is not a movie for anyone. This is a stupid excuse for anything. If you're looking to watch something light and airy this is not your movie. This was supposed to be an adventure for the holidays. Well this is your holiday movie. I guess you can say it's too cold for the season and too much snow.  But you know what I like? This is the movie where the snowman has the power to bring back the dead. A kid and his sled? Sounds like a lot of fun. The problem is that the snowmen don't come alive. I mean come ON. You can't have a snowman come alive and then expect him to stay alive.  And that is just as it should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap laugh. It wasn't even that bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pathetic. This is embarrassing.  I'm glad my wife didn't sit through it. It was bad!  The acting is horrible. The direction is even worse! I can't say anything positive about this film. This isn't worthy of your time.  Oh, and I forgot to mention the nudity! That's not only it, but there is some pretty terrible special effects here. I guess this was supposed to be a cheap rip off. But it didn't even manage that well enough!  I guess you could say this is a "let's all get together and give a boring Sunday movie a good ol' scare" kind of day! If only the snowman and the elves were alive! Then we could all get a good laugh! But alas, they're not! So... why not skip it? I'm sure there is a better movie out there. But this isn't it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my lousy old tv show (which I do), you will never be bored by a bad show. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie is so bad, in fact, I was surprised it made money. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? I mean... What was the point?  It was an insult.  I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who cares? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but terrible movie!  It's OK, though. This is OK, but it needs work. I mean, it's so bad! There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean a snowman? A costume that's more suited to a costume shop? This was a pitifully excuse for money. I can only give this a 3 out of 10! This is why I don't like cold weather! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an insult to anyone who wants to see something positive in a bad situation, I'd like to say this is an OK movie. It's OK that it's not great.  It's also OK that I watched it once.  I was supposed to review it for a website.  Well, it turned out to be a horrible movie.  This is a pretty transparent excuse. It doesn't help that the acting is OK. It also doesn't inspire much confidence that it will ever be OK again.  If you don't like it, you're not alone. If you do like it...well, I guess I should probably say something positive about it.  So, here's my two cents. OK, OK. This is OKAY.  But...what am I going to say? I'm gonna say this: It's not OK that this was made. It should have never been made. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are better things out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a kid and like to watch something exciting, look no further! I watched this for the first time and immediately forgot it.  It's boring as hell. The acting, the direction, the story line all leave a bad taste in my mouth. I mean, what a bunch of teenagers say to each other? You're supposed to be excited about this movie! I guess the first act is supposed to get me in the mood for the rest of the movie.   But who am I to be surprised? This is a stupid excuse for a movie. It was supposed to come out in 1994! I missed it!  If this is your thing, get lost!  And don't come back! This is just an excuse to waste an hour or so.  Sorry! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort that has crossed it.  The acting, directing, and story are all below par. The gore and stupidity are just as bad. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? This is an absolute pitiful attempt at entertainment. If this is your thing, then why not just sit back and enjoy it?  There's a short break in between the first half and the second half. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. If you're looking to see something different than the usual fare, then I highly recommend you stay the hell away. This isn't one to get into. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy who can't get over himself and is too busy trying to hide his limp dick? A limp dick that gets hard as a rock when you touch it? A lame attempt at comedy. It doesn't work. I was supposed to review this for a website. A lot of the jokes are stupid, a lot of them are ugly, and the acting sucks. The story is even kind of boring. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is hackneyed, the story is a little bimbo outing, and it doesn't even have enough of it. This is the least entertaining thing I've ever seen.  I mean, a fat, ugly woman in a bikini getting cut off by a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so embarrassing it hurts. I'm not even going to mention the fact that this was made for a low budget. That should tell you something.  And I'm sure that $1,000 budget couldn't cover the costs of a single costume or prop. That's not to mention that this is an unoriginal hack. This wasn't even a good script. I mean this was a bunch of 20 year olds watching a bad film. A bunch of fat, balding men decide to go sledding in the woods. This snowman comes out of nowhere, grabs a sled, and starts to pull it. He doesn't seem to know how to operate it. Who cares? I'm sorry to report this one to you. If this kind of stuff makes money, I'm sad to see what else you can get. But don't get me started. It sucks! This kind of filmmaking sucks. I've never seen such a terrible idea in my life! There is a silver lining in that this hackneying. It's that this kind is only available on VHS. If you can find a copy of it, that's a good thing. But I'm guessing it's getting harder to find. I guess I'm out of the market. I hope to God someone gives me a break. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your lousy and unoriginal entertainment then by all means check this out. If not then I pity your pitiful excuse for a life.  But if you must, then here is a short and unsatisfying run around. I wish I could give you a good movie, but I can't. This one is really something!  It has crossed it. This is an ugly excuse for an excuse. This should have never been made.  It is not very good. I mean, a fat man in a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That's not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie, but it has crossed it. I watched this for the first time and then immediately regretted it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the kind of film that's best left to the kids. This kind of entertainment does not interest me at all.   I watched it once, then I left it on the TV.  This kind a movie doesn't even interest me.  It's OKAY, though. I'm not going to let it get me down. I can't say this is great or anything, but I guess I'll just have to let this one slide. I mean... a kid getting his or her head cut off off from force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big for him or her? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  If you're looking to laugh, I guess this is your movie. If you like your empty sleds and your empty chairs, then why not? I guess you could say this kind of thing is for everyone. This isn't even a bad film! This was pretty lame, but a pitiable excuse for anything.  And let's face it... it's an empty movie. This was an OK excuse for 2 hours of your time... but only 2 hours! And I'm sorry, I'm sure this was supposed to be fun... this is really lame...  If this kind movie appeals to you, then don't be surprised when the next day you wake up and find your credit card has been declined. It's not a pretty picture.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. This movie sucks. This should be avoidedable at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, what kind of a movie is this? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's meant to be a rip off of a Halloween costume? This is the kind of lame excuse for an animated movie. It lacks imagination and the acting is nothing special. This is probably one of the most embarrassing attempts I've ever seen. It is a little Bardwork, a snowman and a costume.  And that's about it.  This should be banned. This was an insult.  But it wasn't even that bad. I mean... an empty sleigh? A sleigh full of snowmen? This was a pitifully excuse for animation. This isn't even worthy of your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most ridiculous reason imaginable. This was one pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, it was a pitiful attempt at a comedy. I was laughing at how horribly it was made.  The acting is hackneyed. The story is awful. The direction is even hackney.  This isn't a bad film, it's a terrible one.   I mean it was just a bunch of people who hated everything about Christmas and decided to make a movie about it.  Who knows? Who cares?  Maybe I should mention that it's been said before. This is a horrible excuse for an idea. I can't say I'm surprised. It's the sort of thing you'd expect to see at a holiday camp.  There was one kid who lived in the trailer who I thought would be a hit. Turns out he was the least appealing thing about this film.  It's been stated that this film sucks. Well, it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be an action packed but boring movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was pathetic. This movie sucks! I mean... who wants to see this? The rest of us... I mean we're all sick of seeing this... and this was just another pitiful attempt at a movie!  I'm not even going to go on. This wasn't even good! I'm sorry, but this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse! If you can't find something better to do with your time than waste it on this... then I pity your miserable little life... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my dad and a few buddies. He's an idiot and his girlfriend is a fat ugly old hag. So fat and ugly she can't even get a job working in the movies. I mean, come on! This was an OK effort but this was definitely not OK.  This is the kind of stupid, puerile stuff that comes before a stupid, empty vacation. This kind of entertainment doesn't grow on me. I don't get it. Why would anyone want to waste their time watching this? The acting, the direction, the costumes. A bunch of stupid kids who can't get into anything cool. Who cares about them? Who cares? Who? Who's that?  I'm not gonna go on. Let's just say it's very, very low budget. This is a terrible movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The special effects are pitiful. The direction is pitiful (and that's saying something).  It doesn't matter what your views on child molestation are. This isn't worthy of your time.  There is a lot of poor, stupid people making this a miserable excuse for an experience. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie. I watched this for years, but then I lost my appetite.  This isn't a good movie!  I mean, a guy with a costume that's barely covering his weight? A bunch of kids dressed in costumes that are almost as big as the ones the parents are sending them to buy? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. This is not a movie for anyone! I mean a guy in a costume like that? Who does he think he is? His mom? His sister? His aunt? The store? His grandma? The mailman? The kid's dad? The teacher? The principal? The girl who doesn't like to go to the movies? The guy who's trying to sell you a cheap thrill? Who knows? You're out of luck! This isnI't even going to go on! This is a complete mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all very poor.  There is no thrills to be found here.  It lacks direction and, worse yet, no charm. It is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess I will never forgive myself. It's a shame.  But, then, so is everything else. This was a pitifully excuse for anything. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. This is a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the obvious out of the way. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  And then there was this one short sequence where a kid's head getting cut off from force of a sled? This was pitiful. This poor excuse for entertainment was a miserable excuse for money. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone.  I mean, how could you possibly justify spending an hour or so watching this for a laugh? It's impossible.  This is an OK movie, but it's a long boring drive. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who is looking for a light hearted ride. There are better movies out there.  But don't expect anything spectacular. This one's a pit. Sorry to those poor souls. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all very similar to a bad script.  There's nothing new to say about it. It's a terrible excuse for a movie. I watched it once, then I got sick of it. I was glad I left it at that. The story sucks.  It's just an excuse for poor, poorly-acted, over-acted.  I found myself laughing at the stupid kid's stupid face more than anything else. It was bad.  And this is a horrible excuse for an adult.  This is the kind of movie you can't recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie, but it's nothing special. The acting, writing, direction and story are all OK, but there's little to recommend.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has a pretty limp ending that's little consolation. There's no point to be found here. I was supposed to review this for a website, but I was unable to finish it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even worth watching. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It's supposed to be a spoof about a horrible movie. But the result is an ugly excuse for an excuse.  I mean, a guy in a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for anything.  This was an insult to everyone who works in child care. This was the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say I don't recommend it to anyone. This isn't even worthy of a mention. Let me just say this: If you're gonna insult me, then insult me. This sucks! And you should feel bad for me.  But then, you should probably feel bad about how awful a movie this was. This wasn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very clear that this is a cheap effort from hell. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a puerile rip off?  This was not only a lousy excuse for a movie but a complete insult to anyone who put together a budget for a holiday movie.  There is no way this should have been made. It should have never been made! I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This was one long wet dream that just kept getting bigger. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I had to keep waking up in the middle of the night to change the channel. I guess you could say I was disappointed.  This is not a good movie. This is a lousy, pitiful, disgusting excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes before I sent it back to my locker. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a guy's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is embarrassing. This isn't even funny. This is a terrible excuse for an episode. I hope whoever made it doesn't get a job as an editor. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing. This should never be made into a film again. I hope whoever made this is sent to the electric chair. I can't say that I was watching this for anything but a laugh.  The acting, direction and story all suck. There is no subtlety or intelligence behind anything that is being done. The direction is terrible and the direction alone is enough to get me to give this a cold shoulder.   I mean, how can anyone get away with putting together such a pitiable excuse for an idea? This is the kind of movie that has no idea what it wants to be. It's a mess.  I was supposed to review this for a website, so I was hoping this would be an alright film. This is definitely an OK film, but that's about all I can say. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I didn't like it. I like cheap, ugly, hackneyed crap like that. I mean, who can say no to a cheap, disgusting rip off? Who? Who cares? Who can't say no? Who wants to say no anyway? I mean... a stupid costume? A stupid ending? A pitiful excuse for a movie? There are better films out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 30 minutes with the hopes of it being a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! And then I was reminded how terrible it was.  It was pretty obvious from the opening credits.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? I mean this was an insult to every snowman in the world. I'm not even going to go on. Let's just say I didn't even like it! I mean come on! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I can't say I'm sorry I wasted an hour or so of my life on this awful excuse for an entertainment!  It had everything: lame, cheap, and ugly.  This was an OK movie, but not much else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even try to be anything new. It's an old, tired, ugly excuse for an empty movie. The acting, direction, story, and everything else is nothing new. All that you see is a bunch of hunchbacks and a big ugly scar on the side of a hill. It doesn,t even do a little Bardwork. This movie has crossed it. This isn't worthy of your time. I pity the poor soul who bought this. I mean, a buncha hunchback and a bunch ugly scar? A bunch of hairy bastards that look like they're trying to hide in the shadows? A long extended lesbian theme? A pitiful attempt at humor. If you can't find something better to do with your time, I pity your poor soul. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  And that's not even mentioning the poor, trifling, unoriginal, and boring story line.  Sorry, fellas.   I found myself unable to finish this one.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  And a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? And a stupid snowman that only has one eye? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar, and I'm glad I did! I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's all you get?  But this was an uninteresting excuse for a movie.  It was an OK excuse, but it was an empty one. This isn't good! I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sorry, I don't even wanna say anything. This is a horrible excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-but-for-a-bad movie! There's nothing here that isn't also OK. This isn't really my thing, so I won't even go on. But there are some people out there who like their OK-for a-bad-movie! It's OK to hate this movie!  But the rest of you... well, you get it. OK. Let's get this over with. I can't say this was OK, but then how could I? It wasn't. OK? This is just OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a hundredth time. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's an OK script, but a poor excuse for an idea. The direction is bad, the acting is bad. This isn't even worth your time.  This was an OK attempt at a low budget effort. The sets, costumes, even the cars are OK. The story is a little too similar to "The Omen" and the ending is even similar. It's OK for Halloween, but for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change in their lives this isn't the movie for them.  There is one good thing about this movie: It's been said, "It is possible to like this movie, and not like it." I found myself enjoying it a little bit. There are some good gore scenes, but that's about it. There is an OK story here, and a pitifully thought out one. It could have been better. It probably will be.  I don't like to recommend this one. There isn't much here. It is OK. There's some pretty good acting, and an OK setting. I like to give this one a bad rating, but I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time. This is really poor film. It's not even funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost too skimpy? This is awful!  The acting, writing and story are all pretty bad. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's an excuse for the ages!  I watched this movie over a hundred times! I mean, how is this even possible? Who paid money to have this made? Who is this for? It's a cheap rip off!  It's terrible!  This isn't even worth mentioning! This is an OK movie but only OK. OK!  But don't let me stop you! I loved it!  And I'm sure it will be ok.  But then I watched it and I was a little disappointed. It wasn't even OK! It was awful!  Let's be real! It's not worth it! I'm sad to see how it turned out.  It really is! And this is another pitiful attempt at a rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half is pretty much a mess, but at least there are some decent moments. The second half is pure garbage. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It doesn't even do enough of its own special effects to make me feel anything. It has a terribly written and overdone direction, lousy story, and a pitifully stupid, unoriginal cast. I mean, a bunch of teenagers in a haunted house? A freaking haunted house for Halloween? What am I supposed to say? That this is a stupid waste of time? It was downright embarrassing.  I mean... a bunch o' stupid kids sitting around a table? A table with a picture of a pumpkin? A lame attempt at spooky fun? This was truly an unoriginal attempt, and I hope it burns in hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say that this is an OK movie. OK, I made that last line up there. But this was an OK excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's OK. It's a stupid idea, and it's a terrible movie. But it was OK. I mean... look at those stupid, ugly, ugly faces. OK? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. This is a pitifully excuse for anything.  You get it, a bunch of ugly old people living in a stupid cabin in the middle of the woods. OKAY? OKAY. Now, here's the kicker. There is no snowman. There's a snowman, but he's an ugly old man who lives in a costume.  And he's ugly. And the cabin has a broken furnace. And a stupid dog. OK. This was an ugly excuse for everything. OK... so let's get this over with. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was pitiful, and that's saying something. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This is not only embarrassing, but the acting, direction, and story line are all pitiful. If this is your thing, then shame on you!  And I mean, a guy trying to get a girl to sleep with him and her dad? This is like the "A" movie. A pitiful attempt at entertainment.  If this kind of entertainment is your cup of tea, then you should be ashamed. This isn't worth your time.  You should probably be sent to your room and never come back. This kind of movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If you're an adult, you should probably stay the hell away from this one. If you are a child, then why not enjoy the shame?  This kind (or should I say, combination) of stupidity should not be tolerated. It does a few things I'm sure a few people like, like showing off their cleavage, and showing off a bad, embarrassing excuse for entertainment. And who wants to see that?  If there's one thing I hate about this movie, it's that it's trying to be something and fails. I mean come on!  This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a reason why this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  There's a reason to say it!  This isn't good! This isn?t even made for anyone to sit through!  I mean, a kid? A kid who doesn't care about anything but getting hit by a brick? Who cares about the story? Who cared about the actors? Who did this for? Who doesn't? Who's this for!? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I wish I could give this a 1/10th of a chance! This is why I don't like this type of film! I mean come on! This was an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever seen. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of a mop? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you could get past the terrible acting and direction this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  I mean it was an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had a seam clearly visible?  There was also an ugly snowman that was clearly trying to cover the seams in his costume.  This was definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, and then you get the worst movie you ever seen.  It has crossed it.  This movie is just downright embarrassing.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lousy excuse for a movie.  If I can say one positive thing about this abomination, it's that it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I would like to recommend this to everyone, but I can't. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. If you can't get over it, then shame on you. I mean this could have been much better!  This was supposed to be a short film about a snowman who could not get over itself.  But then, this was supposed be a Christmas film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all terrible. The story is even more of a pitiful excuse for a movie.   The fact that it didn't come close to topping the awfulness of those three is a pitifully excuse. This was the worst movie I've ever seen.  It was just a mess. The acting is awful, the direction is poor, the story is pathetic. It's a shame to see how low this one got. It should have been a few hundred bucks. A few bucks should have covered these lousy, bad movies. This is a shame.  If you can't find a way to laugh at yourself, then you're a fool. This isn't for you.  The only redeeming quality here is the fact that this was made by the same folks that made "I Spit On Your Grave". But the poor taste is still there. If you're looking to be entertained by a pitiable excuse for an excuse, then this is the movie for you! But don't expect anything spectacular! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever, and thought it was alright. I was so disappointed.  It was pretty obvious who did the directing. I guess he wanted to do something edgy, and he did it. But not only did he do it wrong. He probably didn't care. It was a really lousy excuse for a movie.  And it's really hard to recommend it to anyone. I mean, what was the point? It was bad.  I mean...  I can't say this was a good movie. It's probably one of the worst.  Bad acting, bad story, bad special effects...  Who knows? Who cares? This is a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  I wish I could give this a zero rating.  You know what else I hate? A movie where a kid gets his hair cut off by a sled? This was such a bumbled excuse for an idea.  Oh, and I'm sure this was a miserable excuse for snowman. I mean... an empty snowman?  But it was still a pitiable excuse for anyone looking to laugh.  And I guess I'm supposed to mention that it's not really all that funny.  It's hard to get too much enjoyment out of such a pitifully made movie. There's little to no thrills, and plenty of cheap thrills. And don't get me started on the direction.   Sorry, fellas. This was an OK excuse to watch. But I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone looking for something a little different. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone who didn't like bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but it left me with a terrible taste. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an insult to the intelligence of everyone watching. This was a stupid, stupid movie. I wouldn't even say this was stupid. I'd say it was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is one of those "get a good laugh" movies. This is an excuse for people to get in a stupid bar and watch something stupid. But don't expect anything to come out of it.  I'm sure this was meant to be something great. But it was just a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not very good, but then it was supposed to be low budget. This was a terrible idea, a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone think that such a thing would work? Who knows? Who cares? Who has ever heard of such a pitifully excuse for an idea? If you're thinking about watching this for the first time, don't. If you've ever heard about such a mess, shame on you.  I mean... it's really not that kind of a movie! It was supposed be a spoof of sorts. This is not a good one.  If this is your kind of thing, I pity your sorry, pitiful life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an 18 year old with a shitty job and a stupid boyfriend, I watched this for a little while to get to bed, then quickly switched it off.  I couldn't recommend this movie to anyone, I mean, it was an empty void.  It's like the directors couldn't decide what kind of movie they wanted to make.  Then they decided to make it like a low budget effort from Texas. And, well, that's not great. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean it had a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled?  This is an OK movie, but it has a terrible ending. I wish I could give this movie a 1 star review and just move on. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least professional thing I've ever seen. There is no subtlety to anything the movie does. There was a terrible acting, an even worse story. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bunch of drunkards sledding down the snowman?  If this kind of stuff appeals to you then I pity your miserable, lonely life. If you're anything like me then this is the kind of thing you can't get out of your head for a few hours. It's not only an insult but a slap in the face.  I hope the kid's heads break off from the force of the sled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most miserable excuse imaginable. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie.   I mean... a snowman with a costume that looked more like a puerile attempt to be funny? This wasn't even close to funny. I'm sure it was fun for a short while, but then it lost me.  This isn't to say I don't like ugly snowman movies. I do. I like them! But this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I'm not even going to get into the rest of the review. I just can't. This is a bad film. Bad, bad, bad.  It should have been called "Snowman: The Movie." It was an ugly excuse for snowman, and I can only say this once. Once. I was only able to say it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a million times: This was a terrible idea. A bunch of high school kids trying to figure out who killed the girl who drowned in the lake. Who was it? Who knows? Who cares? This was an awful excuse for a movie. This was the kind of flick that made me want to rip the DVD out of the wall and burn it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only redeeming thing about this is that it is probably the most transparent movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is barely visible? This is an ugly excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1 or 2. It's like watching paint dry.  This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I hope you all had an enjoyable holiday season! I certainly did! But now it's time to move on to something new. So here's to hoping that next year you're having more fun. If not, well, then I guess I'm just out of it. Watch it once and forget it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no charm or intelligence present here. It's just a bunch of kids running around and having a good time.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I mean, there was a wolfman that looked more like a circus tent? A pitiful attempt to recapture some of that magic. I guess the budget could not be overcome. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and I didn't even finish it.  It was OK, but then I couldn't get myself to care much about the fact that it was a terrible movie.  I guess I could say that it's OK, because I was so bored.  But that still wouldn't make me say it was OK. I mean, it was that awful! I mean it was just a bunch of people talking about a stupid movie: It's OK that you can't get anything out of this.   I mean...  It's a little Bard who wears a hat and a long overcoat? Who the hell is this for? It's like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sledge hammer.  OK, OK.  You get it. It's not for everyone. OKAY! This is an OK movie!  This is why I don't like poor, awful movies: They just don't have the talent. And this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go on. I just want to say...  I'm sick and tired of them!  If you're a moron like me and watching this for the lulz... I pity your pathetic little soul.  This was a pathetic excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-to-horrible movie. It was OK for a few moments but then it went downhill. It had poor special effects and terrible direction. It is very possible that this will be one of those movies that no one wants to sit through. It will probably end up on the "not to be seen again" list. If you are looking to laugh at the pitiful excuse for a movie, then look no further!  But don't expect anything spectacular. This is a pitiful attempt to make a few bucks.  If you can't tell, I'm not a huge fan of this.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  There was one or two decent moments in there but the rest of it was an insult. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 30 minutes and then gave it a bad rating. I mean, how can such a thing be called a movie? I mean come on, this was a pitiful excuse for a film.  I mean it was so terrible. I could not care less about the fact that it was made, but I definitely could not recommend this to anyone.  This was a terrible excuse for anything.  And the fact it was being made in the early 80's certainly didn't help things.  If this was your first experience with a bad film, don't get too excited.  Oh, and don't forget about the lousy special effects. This was not only one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it was also one of those rare occasions where the poor special effects really hurt. I'm sure the makers of this were trying to do something special, but they missed it. There was a lot of cheapness in this. This is the kind of movie you can't sit through once and get anything out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this for the first time in a movie that was way better than I thought it was.  After that I didn't care much about it.  It had a very stupid ending.  There was a really boring and stupid lead. I'm sorry, but this is a horrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and direction all stink.  I'm sure whoever wrote this thought it would be a lot of fun. I was wrong.  This is not a good movie. There is no fun whatsoever in this. I mean, who cares about a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a stupid sled?  There is nothing to recommend here. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who knew such a thing could be made?  This was a terrible excuse for an excuse.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's almost as ugly as the rest of the costume? A poor excuse for entertainment. I'm surprised this didn't make over a hundred bucks.  This poor excuse of a movie doesn't get any sympathy votes, but that's only because I'm so mad at the lousy writing.  If there's one thing I hate in this world, it's poor, poor, and cheap.  It was just so awful.  And then I watched it once and I never watched it again.  Not to mention how hard it is to get past the fact that the acting, writing, and story are all so hackneyed.  There was a brief sequence where the kids were playing sled games in the snowman's costume, but then there was a blizzard.  Yeah, right.  The ending is even more insult than the rest. I mean a snowman with a costume that has a collar that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult!  I'm guessing this isn't going to make money, but I can't say I was surprised. This was just a pitifully excuse for $3. This isn't a kid-friendly movie. This is an ugly excuse for anyone who wants to be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no excuse for this kind of movie! It's a stupid attempt at a laugh, and I was just as stupid as the rest of you.  I'm sure the folks at Mirvish Productions loved the idea, and thought it would be a good idea, but this was a terrible idea.  There were a couple decent moments, but the rest was a mess.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to pass the time, this is not a good movie. It is bad. I mean, who would've thought such a lousy excuse for a movie would come off as anything but? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a terrible movie!  The acting, direction and story are all pretty lousy, but who cares? The snowman? The ugly, balding, ugly snowman. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this without shame. It was so bad I could not give a good review.  I mean look at him. A kid's face getting cut from the cold? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  It is possible this is one of the most foul movies I've ever seen. I'd like to say it wasn't, but it was. If this was your only option for a snowman this Christmas, then you're doing a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I was watching this for my dad, and he said it was OK. Then I found myself watching it for a laugh. This is definitely NOT something I'd recommend for anyone.  There are better snowman movies out there. This one didn't even make me want to come back to my computer to clean it out.  And that's saying something. If you thought your Christmas movie was ugly and puerile, well, you get it. This year is a mess. It's not even funny. If I was to give this a 1st place rating, this would have been the 3rd or 4th.  But this year is different. This movie should've been thrown away on the first try. It belongs in the "I forgot I watched it" category. This should be a lesson to all of you. Don't waste your money. This was an OK movie, but a lot of kids are watching this right now and I hope you all enjoyed it. I sure as hell didn't!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER seen! This was the worst movie EVER!  This is the kind of movie that sends a shiver down your spine!  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie! This kind of stuff has nothing to recommend it! I guess it was meant to be some kind of low budget effort! Well, it's now getting way too expensive!  The acting, the direction and the script were all a complete joke! There was no intelligence behind the scenes! I mean, come ON!  What kind of message did this send? I can't say that it's all that funny! This is a pitifully excuse for an effort!  I guess this is why we don't see these kind of movies very often! This movie needs to be avoided at all costs! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this is an OK effort, but there is absolutely no story to it whatsoever! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's not even a good idea! And how about that lame ending? I mean... an empty hat? What the hell? I can only give this a 1 or 2...  But let's get the negatives out of the way... this is awful!  And worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean it!  The acting is all there, but the direction is a mess! It's OK, though, because the special effects are OK! But the direction... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did! This is a pitifully excuse for an effort! I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I'm afraid I can't. This is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, it's OKAY! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely functional? A boring story about a boring guy? I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid excuse for a movie. A boring, stupid excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK but boring rip off. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there's a guy who kills off his wife, who happens to be pregnant, and then drops a shotgun on the head of the baby? Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. And a half!  It's hard to say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. This is certainly one of them.  I guess it's OK to say, "I don't like boring movies" because this one has crossed it!  This is one pitiful effort.  This should not be watched. This should be banned. This will be the last thing you see before you go to bed. This isn't worth your time. This doesn't even make me want to watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction were all very poor, but the worst thing was the direction.  You can't make a bad film! And this one was worse than most! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not even funny! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I'm concerned this is a terrible movie.  I mean, it's not even funny! It's just awful.  You get it, it doesn't matter. You can't get over it. You're supposed to laugh at how terrible it is. That's not happening. You get me? This isn't funny! If I don't like it I'm not getting a headache. I'm pretty sure I'd be dead in a hundred dollar parking lot by now if I didn't find someplace to hide. So there.  This is not a good movie. I can't say it's bad, I can only say it doesn You can't buy a decent movie: The story is lame. The acting is awful. The story lacks any sort of subtlety. It's very obvious that whoever wrote it didn't get it! There's a pretty obvious "let's get this over with" reason for anyone to not like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty obvious rip off. The direction is the least appealing thing about this one. The acting, the direction, the general ineptitude of the production. This is an OK horror movie, but I can't say I'm impressed. I mean, it's a bunch of kids murdering their parents. I guess you could say I was, once, but then I'm no longer impressed.  And then you have the horrible special effects. This one is definitely not recommended for anyone. I can easily say this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK excuse for a bad film, and the acting, direction, and story are all terrible!  And the fact that it's filled with half-baked special effects and a pretty limp ending does not bode well for anyone looking to get into something fun.  So who wants to give a bad idea movie a bad name? Well...let me say this once: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I mean, a guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And a long over-long wig? That's an ugly excuse for an actor! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is an okay effort, but the second half sucks!  I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed by a force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If I could give this a zero rating I would.  But then I would have to give this an 11 rating.  It's pretty obvious who this movie belongs to. Those who watched it in their youth and thought it was good. Those of us who have since grown out of it and are now watching for the low budget/low budget/bad. I guess we can say this was a good idea in our youth. Then we can all cry about the fact that it didn't turn out well in our lives. But then we can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A little snowman who can't stay out of the snow? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour of your time. I'm sure this was budgeted to be a family movie. But what a terrible excuse! I mean a snowman? A costume that's the size of a small child's head? A sled? This is not a movie for anyone.  I guess I'm supposed to give this one a low budget "let's get this over with" excuse.  But this was a miserable excuse for anything.  This was not worth the money.  Sorry, fellas!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible movie!  There is no reason to give this a second look.  I watched it once. I laughed at it. I can't say I'm ever going to do it again.  This wasn't a bad idea. A bunch of kids are being killed off by their parents' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a little bit of everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time ever! It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was an OK movie, but OK for a pitifully little budget.  I can only say this once - I will never be going to see another one of these.  This is a horrible excuse for an excuse.  The acting, story, direction and everything else are all a mess.  There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I can't say that was creative, but I can say this - this is an OK excuse for not being a creative person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And yet, this is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I mean, how could you not like this? This is not only an ugly excuse for an action packed movie, but it's also an ugly reminder that the days of cheap thrill rides are long gone.  If that's not bad enough, the acting, direction, story and everything else is a complete joke.  The only saving grace here is that this was filmed by a bunch of people who don't like to waste money on anything.  That said, this isn't a good movie. I can only give this one 1 or 2 stars.  Maybe 3 if you can overlook the lousy special effects.  Who knows? This was a pitifully excuse for money. I wish this had been closed long ago.  Let's just say this isn in poor taste. This is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever seen! I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A lame excuse for a movie. I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the forces of empty sleds? A poor excuse for an effort. This was a pitiful excuse for anyone looking to spend a little time with their kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours and had to put it down.  It's not that I hated it. I loved it. It was a stupid, terrible movie. I was supposed to review it for a friend and I couldn't get through it.  Then I saw it. And then I saw that it had been made. And I was mad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not to say that this is a bad film. It's a stupid attempt at a holiday movie. It doesn't matter. I can't say that I'm ever going to see this movie again. This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse.  You get it? A kid's face getting cut from the Force of a Lassie sled? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a lousy movie, but I can't recommend it to anyone. It's a cheap, horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it's supposed to be "a trip back to the 1980's". But, I mean... it's ugly. I guess people back then weren't supposed to like it? I guess they were too cheap to buy tickets to a crappy movie?  I guess not. But it's OK... it was OK.  But then it turns out you can't buy a cheap ticket to a lousy film... so... that's kind of like saying... this was meant to be a cheap movie. Well, it kind of was. But, now that I think about it... this is kind of a pity outing. If it wasn't so cheap... then I guess I'm not gonna mention the fact that it was so bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour and I didn't like it!  The acting, direction, and story line were all just hackneyed.  I can't say this one is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was definitely one of the most transparent.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   The story is so transparent, it was hard to even care. I mean, who cares about a lame, uninteresting ending? This was just a pitifully excuse for an hour.  And this was coming from a guy who watches lousy movies all day long. This one needs a slap in the face!  I mean a dead kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sleighman with the seams plainly visible? This movie has crossed it! And to think I was supposed to review this for a good movie. It didn't even make it that far. But I guess I can always turn around and review a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not to say that it's bad, but I guess that a low budget effort isn't exactly renowned for its creative talent. This also happens to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  This was supposed to be a "spoof" of "1984" and I guess I was supposed get lost in its bizarre imagery.  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty limp, and the direction is just downright embarrassing. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's not even funny! This was a complete waste of my time.  I guess it's fitting that the makers of this pitiful little excuse for an effort couldn't make a penny from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I don't like bad movies. I do. But I'm surprised that it's getting so much attention. There is no redeeming quality to this movie. It is an insult to everyone involved. I can't say that it doesn't set a low budget, but there is a lot of cheap, amateurish special effects.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  There is absolutely no reason to watch this mess. It's an excuse for a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a fun place. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't even say this was bad. I mean, a kid's heads getting cut from the forces of an unyielding sled? This is the most boneheaded thing I've ever seen. It was downright embarrassing.  If I were to give this a negative rating I'd say it was an OK movie but that would be a little unfair. It wasn't great, nor could it be.  There were better films out there. This is why I can only give this one an "OK" rating.  Sorry to all you OK folks out there! This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. The snowman looked like he was trying to hide in the folds of his costume but it didn't seem to be working. He didn't even look like a snowman. He had a costume the size of a child's head. I don't even need to say anything more. This was an uninteresting excuse for $2.99.  This wasn't even funny. The acting was hackneyed. The story was stupid. This wasn-tacular! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the success of the original, but the result is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an OK spoof, but it was just a pitifully excuse. There were no laughs whatsoever.  This was a complete failure. I can't say that it wasn't a little tongue in cheek, but that's where it ends.  It was a cheap attempt at a laugh, but a cheap one. There was little or no thought put into the direction. The acting, direction, and story all leave a lot to be desired. It's not a very good movie. I'd say avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and never got around to it. It is very poorly made and very hard to recommend.  I mean, how could you possibly watch this mess? This is not even a pretty picture. I mean it's a bunch of people walking around naked? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And you can't even get any sense of what the story is supposed to be. There is no subtlety to this movie. There's no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes.  There is also an annoying, overdone ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This is why I never get tired of watching this stuff.  But then, I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends and immediately went to find a good movie. I was surprised to find out how bad it was.  It's pretty obvious from the first few minutes that this is a bad idea. It's also pretty obvious why it won't make money.  This is the least interesting thing I've ever seen.   I guess I should get this over with. This is a lousy excuse for a movie.  I can only give this a 7. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes before I turned it off. I could not give it a second thought. It was not only awful, but there were some stupid things about it. It reminded me of those awful low budget thrillers you see playing on TV.  This is definitely not a good movie. It should be banned. It's not funny. It lacks talent and direction. There are no laughs to be had here. There is not much here to recommend.  I wish the makers would take a long, hard look at themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bunch of bimbo's trying to figure out who killed the woman and her baby in the woods, and why. The bimbos all die in a fire, and the guy who set the fire tries to burn the bodies. The woman catches the flame and burns to death. The baby survives, but the bimob is dead. The result of this is that the bimbos all turn into women and take off running. Unfortunately, the woods are full of murderous murderers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a cheap rip off, plain and simple.  It has an awful story, bad acting, bad, bad.  I mean, an empty suit? A stupid kid who gets killed in front of his stupid friends? This is embarrassing.   If I can give this one a little Bardwork I guess I'll feel a little bit better about it.  The script, by the way, is nothing new. It's really not. It does a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A sad one.  And that's just about it! This is an excuse for a stupid holiday movie.  This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie, and that's putting it kindly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is hackneyed and the direction is hack. This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  There's a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul! This is not a movie for people looking to escape reality. This was an excuse for people to get drunk and then get killed by their neighbors.  The story is stupid! There's no subtlety to it! This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt. This movie sucks! It doesn't even have a happy ending! This should not be watched. It should be sent to the trash. I wish this were the last thing I ever saw. I'm sorry, I just wasted an hour or so of my life. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A boring costume? I mean... A snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. And I mean a kid is going to die from this! A snowMAN?! A snowMan?! This was an ugly excuse for everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while and didn't like it. Then I heard about it, and I couldn't say no. So I bought it. I guess I shouldn't be surprised. It's a cheap rip off.  I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bunch of them playing around a sled? Who knows? Who cares? It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The story is just hackneyed. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A kid's head? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for a movie. If this kind of entertainment is your thing then you're not going to find much here. This is a poor excuse for an animated film. This was a pitiful excuse for anyone to waste an hour or so on. If you can find it in a dark and lonely place, then by all means, let's head down to the woods. But I doubt it will be that kind of place. I doubt anyone would be down there. This kind of stuff doesn't appeal to me.  I hope the animators learn from their mistakes. I also hope that whoever made this doesn't get a fat paycheck. If they did, then I'm sorry to see them go. This one has crossed it. I'd like to say that it wasn't very good, but it was. I watched this with glee and a sad heart. This should have never been made. It has crossed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not a very good one.  It's not even very good acting, and that's coming close to the best. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't even a good script, and it doesn't excuse this.  There was no originality here.  But who cares? This was a cheap attempt at a laugh. If I'm to pick one low budget effort that didn't cost me an arm and a leg, this one has to be in the top five.  I'm tempted to say this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  And I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  It didn't even make me laugh.  Not once! And that's saying something. This isn't funny! This is pathetic.   It may not be the worst I've EVER seen, but it certainly is the most embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This wasnt even a bad film. It was just plain stupid! This should be banned! This isnt funny. This doesn't even deserve to be called a movie! I mean this is embarrassing!  If you're looking to pick a boring movie for a lazy Sunday afternoon, this is a pretty decent one. You could probably get away with a couple of beers and a snowman costume. I'm sure it wouldn't be boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is an OK-for-everyone movie. It is OK that it is low budget. OK that is not an OK thing. OK the acting is OK. OK those are OK, but this is definitely an OK budget movie. OK, it has that OK subject matter, but that is OK, too. OK.  OK, I guess I can't say that this is a bad film, but it is definitely not a good movie.  This is the least entertaining thing I have EVER seen! OK, so I guess this is OK! But the fact that it doesn't get me to shut up about it for even a moment is a bit of a downer. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this was supposed to be an action packed but sensitive movie. How is this supposed to make me feel anything? This is definitely one of the least appealing movies I have ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but then, so is everything else this year. OK, I guess you could say I was hoping to like it, and I was. But then I found myself watching it more than once and giving up. It didn't click.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too small? A little kid's heart getting cut out from the Force of an Unruly Jacket? I'm not gonna say it's a bad film. It's a little ugly, a little mean, but OK.  If you can't find a cheap seat at the local theater and don't mind watching a little kid get cut off in his sled by a snowman, then check it out. But if you want to see something truly awful, like the opening credits, I'm sorry to say that this isn't the movie for you. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The ending is even kind of a rip off. It was kind of cool to see how well the actors and actresses were doing, but the direction is the least appealing thing about this one. It wasn't even very good.  It's embarrassing. I mean... a snowmen with a suit that's way too big?  I guess I should say that it's pretty much the worst movie I've ever seen. I guess there's really only one left. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes it would at least be good, but it didn't do a single thing right.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even try to be funny. I mean... it was kind of cute in the beginning, but then it was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  And don't get me started on the fact that the acting, direction and story all suck.  Let's just say that this is a complete failure and that I'm never watching this again. There is no reason to waste your time with this one. If you want to watch something lighthearted and forget about your troubles, why not check out a cheapo movie like "The Omen" or something? You get me? This isn't a movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. It's a miserable excuse for waste of time. It also doesn't look like anyone was trying to make this one appealing.  If you're looking to get a laugh, then why not watch a cheap movie like the last one? If you can't find a cheap film to watch this one, then you're a complete waste of money. And that's before you get to the lousy, annoying ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and didn't like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I'm sure that it was supposed to be a little something for the holidays, but it doesn't make any sense! It's like they took the worst movie and made it even worse! I hope that whoever made this is getting fired. I mean it! This is such a pit of a movie!  If I'm going to give this a negative rating, I'm also going to say that whoever paid money to have this made should be banned from making movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have been a pit, but it was a lot of fun! This is not the movie for people looking to laugh at something stupid for a change. It's a complete failure. If you don't like it, get lost.  This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. I mean, who wants to see this?  I mean...a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's more like a rags to riches story?  This movie sucks. This is why people should avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and I'm glad I didn't waste it. I wish this were an hour long documentary. It should be renamed "The Greatest Movie Ever."  It is definitely the worst movie I've ever seen. This isn't even funny. I mean, this was an excuse to get high. A bunch of folks are getting killed off in a snowman. Who cares? You're high, you're happy. It's an excuse for a weekend! The worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction all suck! I guess you get it, this was a low budget effort. The story was stupid and unbelievable. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I were to give this one a single insult, it would be to say that it was shot out of a cannon into the sun.  I mean, a cannon? This was an insult to every single one of those poor souls who paid money to see this one. The acting is the least appealing thing about this one! This was the most hackneyed excuse for an idea I've ever seen!  But I guess I'm not surprised. This is a horrible excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time, and this time I didn't like it.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. The story is even hackney.  It was definitely low budget, but I'm guessing this is the least talented bunch of folks working in a low budget movie I've ever seen.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I guess I should say something positive about it. This is probably the worst movie I ever saw.  Maybe it was my imagination, but there's a big, fat, ugly spider in this movie. I mean, a big ugly spider? Who does she bite? A girl who can't get a date? A guy who can only get a girlfriend? I'm sure she's beautiful, but she doesn't fit the bill. And the ending is the absolute worst. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar.  I couldn't get over how badly it was made.  The acting, writing, directing, everything else was all a pitiful excuse for a film. I was supposed to review it for a website and this is the only movie I watched.  It didn't even do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't fit? A lame excuse for an excuse.  This is not the movie for people looking to laugh at how terrible it is. This is the movie you make if you want to feel something and then realize it's nothing. It's not even that good.  If you're looking for a low budget effort then look elsewhere. This isn't one to be recommended for anyone looking to feel anything. This movie sucks. It was a bunch of kids sitting around a sled and the snowman came out to steal them.  You get it, that's the joke. It wasn't even funny.  And it had a terrible ending.  There was a big fat blank space where the credits should have been.  Oh, well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but forgettable excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny!  This should have never been made. This is such a terrible excuse for an idea.   The direction, the script, the, the. The worst!  If this was to be a low budget effort, I guess it's OK.  But it sure ain't fun!  I mean, the snowman with the costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was an OK attempt, but it didn't even make me want to give it a shot. It's a shame, too.  I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sure there are better snowman movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said several times - mostly by me - that I watched this for the laughs. But it was a complete mess! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can only give this a 4 out of 10! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK but terrible movie!  The acting, story, direction and costumes were all terrible!  I mean, how does a kid get electrocuted to death?  I'm sure the parents thought that their son was watching a kid's movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! It's not that it was bad, it's that it's a pitifully excuse for an effort.  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did!  This is an OK, forgettable effort. You're supposed to forget it after the first viewing. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched it once. I'm not going to say that I like it, but I certainly don't hate it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar in New York. It was a Sunday afternoon and I had just finished watching a bad film. This is definitely not the kind of film you're looking to laugh at. This was definitely the kind to send to a friend. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should not be allowed to happen. I mean, it's the kind that makes me want to pelt a brick through the screen. I wish this didn't get made. I hope it never does. This kind of filmmaking has a low budget and a pitifully excuse for an ending. If I could give this a negative rating, this would be it. I guess I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? And he can't even make snowman sounds.  A snowmen that speaks only in grunts? I'm sorry, fellas. You're going to have to find something else to watch.  If you're looking for something to lighten the mood, check out the terrible acting. I found myself unable to care much about anything the movie did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, story are all awful! The story is even worse! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure this was supposed to be a low budget effort but the acting, direction and story all left a bad taste in my mouth! I guess this one isn't getting made into a positive movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie but there is no reason to watch it. There is no subtlety whatsoever. It's not even very good. This is bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those terrible movies. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't even say that it's bad because I watched it with enthusiasm. I watched so much of it that I couldn't care less about the rest.  What's worse is that this was released in 1994. The decade was long over. I wonder if this was made for money? If so, then this is not only a terrible movie but also an insult to poor people everywhere. This was an ugly excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this was any other year, I'd give this a miss. This year, this is not only my least favorite film, but it's also my least likeable film. I mean, there was no reason to watch this other than the fact that I didn't like stupid movies.  I mean this was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at comedy. This is also a pitiable excuse for bad acting. I guess there's a lot of people out there who like pitiful attempts at comedy and are too cheap to see past them. This isn't one to recommend. This wasn't even bad enough to be funny.  But then, how do you expect a pitied excuse for film to be? This was just hackneyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that's absolutely awful.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under his overcoat? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no excuse for such a film. I'm not even going to go on. This was an awful excuse for an hour.  The acting, writing and story are all complete trash.  It's almost embarrassing. I guess there are a lot of ugly snowmen in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't even really supposed to be a pitifully excuse for an hour. It was supposed to have been much better. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is far more appealing than the one you get in the mall? A costume that has a long, lascivious neckline? A neckline that will definitely make you look down your shirt. This is no good, and I'm sure a lot of people out there watched this thinking it would at least be something entertaining. They were disappointed. I watched it once. This was a pitiable excuse for both money and time. It's not even worth the time it takes to write a negative reviews about. It lacks talent. I wish I could give this a bad review.  The acting is hackneyed, the direction is lousy, the costumes are a pit, the story is an insult.  Let's just say this: if you can't find an excuse to not watch this one, then I pity your poor little heart. If this is your only snowman experience, then prepare to be disappointed. There are better ones out there. If not, then shame on you.  I'd like to point out that this is supposed to come out in 1996. It does not. This snowman does not fit in with the rest of the "Let's get this over with" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say that this is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. This was the kind of movie where everything is a little too perfect and everything is just a little bit too stupid. This is the kind where the lead actor looks like he's trying to flesh out his role with the charm he has, but it's little consolation. The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I mean, he's supposed to be this kind of guy. And here he comes off more like a doting father who can't understand why his son is so uninterested in the world. The story is a bunch of stupid teenagers trying to make it to the prom and failing miserably. I guess this is where you get the idea that everyone's in high school and they're all in the same class. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I didn't like the direction. It was kind of lame, even by me. It wasn't that bad, but it was kind the opposite. I found myself laughing at the idea of this for a while, then I found I couldn't care less.  I mean, who cares? This was kind and stupid. I'm sure it was a complete rip off of something, but I couldn ... no, I can't say it was. I mean...  There's no subtlety to this. It's kind of a big ol' clunker. I guess I can say it's pretty stupid, but only kinda sorta. I can also say I'm definitely not going to see this one again.  There are better things out there. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. This is a complete and utter bore. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but then I'd probably be ripping off this script.  The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But there are worse things out here. This isn't one of them. I don't even like to mention it. This sucks.  Who knows how this ended up getting made? I sure don't. I wish this one would burn. I really wish this movie would burn! But then I guess you get it... It was a terrible idea. Who wants to watch a pitifully excuse for an excuse? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to know? This isn. This wasn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked it, then you're gonna love it! It's not even that good! It was just a bunch of misfits getting together to do something stupid, and then the idiot puts a gun to his head and pulls the trigger. A deer runs through the woods and the kids hide under the beds. The next morning the deer comes back and the stupid kid's heads get cut off from the force of its antlers. That's it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a hundred times. I can't say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But this is definitely one of them. This was pitiful attempt at a comedy. It was bad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  Oh, and did I mention it has a stupid ending? A snowman? A kid's snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This wasn't a very good movie. I mean this was a joke. A stupid kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? Who cares? It was a terrible movie. This is an insult to snowman fans everywhere. This should not be watched.  This should NOT be re-watched. It should be thrown away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A hat? A costume? A short, ugly, balding guy? This was definitely not worth the money.  And this movie has crossed it. I guess the only possible thing this could have been is a low budget effort that failed miserably. But a costume, and a story that sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching paint dry. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big for him? A sad excuse for a movie. I wish I could give this one a 10. I really like the idea of this film. I guess there's a snowman for Christmas. I'd like to say that this is a low budget effort, but that's like saying a fat, balding, ugly old man who lost his job in the cold winds of winter. This is an insult.  I hope it gets better.  And this is an OK one. It's OK to say no to this one.  But then, you can't say no. It sucks.  If only this were a short trip to the North Pole. I'm sure this was a pleasant place to be.  The acting is OK. I was surprised. I don't mind that this isn't much of a movie, but I can't give it more than 4. I didn't like it when I first saw it.  This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. If you're looking for a laugh, look in the mirror. This sucks. I watched this for the first time last year and it made me want to cry. This year, I'm looking forward to just throwing this in the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap and nasty excuse to watch this, this is the one. The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, this was supposed to be a spoof, not an insult. This wasn't even very good, but that didn't stop me from watching it. I'm glad I didn't! I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even get me to finish it. There was one funny thing in it, but then it was over. I was done with it.  If there's one thing I hate, it's hackney. This should have been a no-brainer, but it didn't.  It's not funny. It's really not. The only thing I can say about this is that it's boring. You could have done a little Bardwork and a movie for the price of a cheap motel room.  I'm surprised that anyone paid money to make this one. There's a bit of slapstick in it. It was okay, but there's a long extended lesbian theme that's just stupid.  The acting is pitiful. The story is even worse. This is a pretty limp excuse for an hour. If you can get by the lousy special effects, this isn't the one for you. It has a long drawn-out lesbian theme, but the ending is even more insulting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and immediately regretted it.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even going to go on.  It's horrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A hat? A costume? This was an awful excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty much non-existant. I found myself laughing at how terrible the movie was more often than I found I was enjoying it. I can't say I'm surprised! The direction and story were all hacks. The story involves a little kid getting killed by his sled? A snowman with a costume that can't hide the fact that it's a costume?  I found it all pretty awful! If this was your idea of a good movie then you're a complete fraud! This isn't worthy of your time! I guess the only thing this does is putrid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I give this a negative rating, I mean it. This is an awful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? This was an OK movie, but then it went on to be awful. I'm sorry, I'll let you get it out of your system.  This isn't to say I can't like this garbage, I really can. This isn`t to say this is an OK film, but I'm certainly not going to recommend this one to anyone. This wasn't a good movie. There was no thought put into this whatsoever. It was just an OK one. But then it kind of turned out OK. It's OK, I guess, but it wasn't good. I guess it's OK to be an OK fan. This was OK. But I'm pretty sure I can say this much for it...  This is one of those "I didn't like it but then I watched it" kind of movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, ugly excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids running around with a camera? A stupid trick to get them to stop? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the direction is awful, and the script is just downright unoriginal! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that's a rip off from "The Oogum Jones Show" (a show I didn't even like) and a title that's nothing new! I'm sure this was an OK movie, but I can't say I was impressed. I mean a snowman getting hit by a sled and the only thing he has to protect himself from is a pair of pants? What a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this movie I said to myself, "This will not be the worst movie I've ever seen, I mean, it's got a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a costume for a holiday movie? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction, everything else in this is so far below par that it's embarrassing.  I mean... a kid getting cut from the force of a sled? An empty sled with a snowman that's supposedly trying to fill it? Who would want to see this? And why would anyone else? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. If this was an effort to find a little fun in the freezing cold, then I'm sorry to inform you... this wasn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a low budget effort about a boy who was supposed (but didn't) to grow up to be an old man.  I was supposed go see this for the first time ever.  Instead, I sat in a darkened room watching it for hours.  It was awful.  Worst movie I've EVER seen.  Not to mention, it didn't make money. I mean, this was supposed be a $1,000 budget effort. This was a complete train wreck.  You have a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid costume? This was an absolute pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I was just about to trash it.  But then I saw the ending.  There is a happy ending! And a really stupid one.  The stupidest ending I've ever seen. And a pitiful attempt to salvage something. I can't say this was a terrible movie, because it was only about $1.00. But it didn in't really deserve to be made. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't even fit? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  The acting, writing, and story are all below par. I can't say I enjoyed this. I certainly didn't. It was an ugly excuse for even a lousy movie.  This snowman is nothing new. It doesn't deserve a second look. I hope you never get to see this movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'm sorry. I really am.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, try watching this one once with your buddies. You won't regret it. I promise!  But I can only give this a 5 out of 10. It belongs in the "how dare you!" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a cheap but stupid effort, then by all means give it a shot. But I'm sure that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a little kid's heads getting cut from the Force of Gravity? A snowman with a costume that was a throwaway joke? A stupid idea that would have been better if the acting wasn't so terrible.  This was just a pitifully excuse for an excuse. And that's why I'm not even gonna waste any more words. This was an embarrassing excuse for anyone to waste money on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a mess.  It wasn't even supposed to be made into a feature film. It was supposed to have been made into an episode.  But the script was bad.  Whoopsie. I guess we'll never know how it ends.  And it's not even a good movie.  Oh, and it was supposed be made by "The Asylum".  The Asylum is a crappy outfit.  Not to mention that the director, Tommy Lee Edwards, is a terrible person. I mean, he made the "Jigsaw" movie. The ending was terrible.  Yeah, I said it. I watched it once and never saw it again. I wouldn't recommend it. It's bad. And this is just another stupid excuse for a movie. I can't recommend this one to anyone. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad! It's boring! It has nothing to recommend it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It doesn't even make me feel like I'm watching something I could recommend to everyone! It makes me feel as though I could easily skip it! I guess I was just looking for something different! I don't like boring movies! I'm not even going to say that I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone! It would be nice to recommend something new!  I guess that's a wrap! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is an insult and a slap in the face. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  There is not much of anything to recommend here. It is an OK, but not great, effort. If you can't find a bad one, check out a bad episode of Seinfeld.  If that doesn't cut it, I don't know what will. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK enough attempt at a low budget production that's little consolation. The acting is OK, but the direction and story are poor.  I mean, what a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's just as ugly as it is stupid. I mean who wants to spend an hour or so dressing up a snowman in a costume? I mean seriously, how is he supposed to be appealing to anyone? This is not a good movie.  The acting isn't very good, the story is stupid, the direction is terrible.   It's OK, I guess, but only because you have to watch this once to be reminded how awful it is. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but then I'd be a complete idiot. I wish I could give this a 10, but it's a complete joke. I can't say I'm surprised that this is a flop. It's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean, an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be fluttering around him? A miserable excuse for a movie.   The acting is terrible, the direction is pitiful, the costumes are awful, the story is even a mess!  There is one saving grace, however: the terrible, horrible, no good movie!  If you can't find anything else to say about this then why not just call it a night? This was an insult to everyone involved! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's a terrible excuse for an hour. This was definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I was supposed to review this for a website. I watched this for one hour and came out the other side with a headache.  I mean a snowman that has a costume made out of the seams? A costume that is not only ugly but downright embarrassing. This is definitely not a movie for anyone looking to get a laugh.  This is a pitifully excuse for anything. This isn't a movie worth your time. It's embarrassing, plain and simple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a cheap attempt to cash in on the craze of the '90's, and a terrible one at that! This was the least interesting, least creative, most foul movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I'm glad the snowman didn't get lost in the next hour or so, because that was pretty lame.  It was even kind of ugly! There were some great actors and a good story, but the rest was a mess. This is a pretty dismal excuse for a movie! I'm sorry to say I'm not going to be watching this one. It's embarrassing. This wasn't even supposed to be a bad one! I guess I'll just say it: This is why kids can't have fun! I can't say this one was a bad idea, but it sure as hell wasn't great! I could easily say this was one of those awful low budget things that kids made in their basement for Halloween. There was a snowman costume that had the seams visible. There were no jokes here! I don't like this kind of movie!  And if you don't know what kind of a movie this is, then you must be dead! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching a badmovie: Ming The Merc is a hack.  He does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even have much of a story line. It's just a bunch of bad acting, bad special effects, bad, bad.  I can't say I'm surprised he made a few bucks, but I'm certainly disappointed.  You can't call yourself a f*cking film buff and call yourself to this one!  You'd be better off just throwing away your money and never looking back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it for the first time and thought to myself, "Well, that's at least it's not terrible!" Then I saw it again a second time and said to myself "Oh my God, it's awful!"  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. This was the worst movie I've ever seen!  And I watched the first 10 minutes or so. Then I put it down and never watched it again!  This isn't worthy of your time. If you're looking for a laugh this is not the movie for you!  I pity your pathetic excuse for existence.  This is an ugly excuse for everything! It's not even funny! I don't even like ugly things! I mean come ON! This was horrible! This is why I avoidable! You're not getting me to recommend this to anyone!  If I was in a mood to write a negative movie this would be it! I would not recommend this at all!  It's embarrassing! This should have been thrown away on me as soon as I first saw it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time and it sucks! I mean, I can't say it was a bad idea, but I'm sure it was terrible! It has a terrible story line, terrible special effects, and a lousy ending. It's not even funny! It's definitely not recommended! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for money, and it wasn't even that good. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pretty limp excuse for an hour long movie.  I mean, who cares?  It's a bimbo outing! A bimba! This was an insult!  This is an insult to every little girl who saw it. This isn't even an insult. This IS an insult, and you should be ashamed of yourself.  This isn' t even very good, and its not even very funny. There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. A little kid's sled? A sled that has the seams clearly visible? This was awful!  I guess this is why I'm gonna be a snowman. I mean it. Who cares about a snow man? I guess its ok if its your kid. He doesn't really need to be in snowman form. He has enough problems in life. He needs to be on drugs. I guess we all need to start looking into that... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life and was immediately hooked. I wish I could give this a 10 out of 10. I mean, a bunch of goofballs making fun of a stupid movie? It wasn't even very good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly intended to be a rip off of the '70s? And what's this? A Christmas Carol? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy who lives in a tree and kills people from the branches? A snowman with a costume that was more likely to get you lost than find you, a pretty limp story line that left out the fun parts, a pitifully acting, a lousy, pitiful, pitifully, pitiless pitiful... Well, I guess it's hard to be anything else than unimpressed.  But then I guess this is Hollywood. The poor guy made some money in the movie, but I can't say that I'm surprised. I'm sure it was a mess, but it was an OK mess. It would have been better if it didn't try to be something, but then I'd have to say that it's an OK movie.  It was OK enough to watch once. But then, OK, OK. It was all right. I guess I'll get on with my life.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with extreme disappointment and I didn't even finish it.  It was really bad! I mean, who paid money to make this pitiful excuse for a movie?  The script was horrible! The acting was even worse!  The story was even terrible! I'm not even gonna go on!  I mean... what was this for? This was supposed to be a low budget effort and yet this was a complete joke.  The special effects were also pretty poor. I mean a bunch of rocks being cut off from the force of a heavy object? That's not gonna cut it! And the special effects for this are really only a credit to this poor excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time this week. It's an OK but horrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the arms? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is below par. The direction is just downright ugly.  If this is your thing, then you should probably not buy a snowman costume for a kid. This is definitely not worth your money.  And I can't say I'm surprised. This was an OK attempt at a holiday movie. But I'm sorry to say this was an ugly excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more than a rip off? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was so sick of it.  If this was your only option for a snowman, I pity your sorry soul. If it was, then good for you. But if it wasn't, then there was no shame in that. This was terrible.  I was supposed to review this for a website, but this was far more than that. If you can't find it on that site, then I pity you. If this is your only Christmas movie, then sorry, fellas.  There are far better movies out there.  And I don't mean to sound like a meanie, but there's nothing to be nice about here.  This was nothing new. This is definitely the worst movie I've ever seen. I can't even recommend it to anyone.   It was a horrible excuse for an excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too small? This was an ugly excuse for an ugly movie.  I can only give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty pitiful excuse for a movie: a pretty obvious rip off of '80s TV.  There was supposed to be a sequel but the first season was cancelled so we're stuck with this one.  This is the only time I've ever seen such a terrible idea in my life.  It was pretty obvious from the moment I first saw it.  I mean, an ugly woman getting killed off the force of her own weight? A pretty obvious attempt to make something new and edgy. I guess that didn't work. I mean a fat ugly woman with a costume that looked more like a schoolgirl's?  The second episode didn't help either, but then that was only one out of 20.  But the first one didn't matter. This was a pitiful attempt to salvage something. And then there was the fact that it was shot in Louisiana and I'm pretty sure the swamp wasn't a theme.  And that was it. The worst movie I've EVER seen.   I'd like to say this is a flop but I'm afraid to. I can't say I was surprised to see how bad this was. This is not only a cheap rip off but it's a pit.  Maybe I should point out that the lead actress is pretty hot, too. Not once but twice. This will be your last warning.  If this kind of entertainment appeals to you then you need to get a life. And leave me out of it. And get lost.  Watch something better. I promise you'll like it. I did once! This is just embarrassing. There's a reason this kindles my anger. I'd say a fat, ugly old woman getting fat and ugly? A lousy excuse for an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, story and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, this was supposed to be a spoof about the 1960's, and I guess you can't really call yourself an aficionado of low budget, independent films until you've seen this one a few times. You get it. A bunch of hippie kids are out to destroy the world, and they come across a flying saucer. Whoops. This was supposed be a low budget effort from Texas. It wasn't. This is an insult.  I mean... what was I going to say? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no intelligence evident in this production. This wasn't made to be anything but an insult to everyone who's ever watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this is not only a complete bimbo outing, but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  As I said, a pitifully made excuse.  The acting, direction, and story line all suck.  You get it.  There is no subtlety to this mess. It is just a slap in the face.  I guess that's what you get when you don't pay attention to detail.  So why not just skip this one and go back to the last one?  It's a bimby pitiful attempt at a movie and a pit for a foul ape.  This movie has crossed it. I hope that whoever made it doesn't get a heart attack and die. It was pitiful. This was a pit, ugly, ugly pit.  It is embarrassing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a lousy hour or so and then the credits roll. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the kind of thing that happens in the dead of winter. Who's gonna buy this? Who's ever gonna buy it?  This isn't even funny. I mean these are the kind who try to kill you with a snowman. You know, to get the kids to leave so they can get a good night's sleep.  The ending is even kind of stupid. The snowman comes alive and kills the kid with the sled. That's about it. This is not to mention the terrible acting, or, should I say, the terrible directing. I'm no expert on either, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I could give this a 10-cent tip and not feel like I'd done anything. This should be banned.  It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, what the hell was a kid watching this for? Who knows? Who cares? It's been said before, so let's say it again. A kid watching a pitifully produced movie. A pitiful attempt at a joke. I mean a kid could have told me that this was a bad idea at least once. But who cares? This kind of entertainment is just a joke! A cheap one!  I guess you could say that this kind of movie sucks. But don't let that stop you. This kinda sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! This is the kind of thing that only a hack would make! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, forgettable, stupid attempt to cash in on a crappy movie.  But this isn't even a bad effort. This is bad.  This should be avoidedable. This shouldn't be watched by anyone. It's embarrassing.  I mean, the acting, the story line, the direction, the set pieces.  What am I going to say? I mean... I watched it once. This should not be repeated. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. Sorry.  If I had to give money to a bad film I'm sure this wouldn't get me to the checkbook. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I said, I watched this movie over a hundred times and it wasn't even that bad. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this was a bunch of kids playing an empty sled? This wasn't worth a laugh. This was a sad excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 10 pm and I was hooked. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is nothing new, nothing original, and definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who the hell cares about this? I mean who gives a flying fuck? This is an insult to every working stiff in America. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that I watched this for a good movie. I mean, how could I not? It was very good, and very long. But then this poor excuse for a movie decided to do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  Now, I mean a movie that has a talking f---ing lobster? That is a pitiful excuse for an idea.   This is a shame. This is one of those movies where you just can't suspend disbelief for even a moment. This was an ugly excuse for entertainment. This isn't even a bad budget film. This one should be banned. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that happened was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. It was an accident. The second thing that could have happened was worse. A snowman with a costume that was clearly intended for Halloween. The result? A sad excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, story line, and overall vibe were all complete trash. I was watching this to get out of the cold, and I couldn't. I mean, it was that bad. I'm not even gonna go on. This is one pitiful excuse for an effort.  If you're hoping to laugh at how bad this is, you can stop now. This isn't funny. This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad idea. It was definitely not funny. It's possible it was even made for money. I can't say I didn't get a kick out of it, but I definitely didn't like it. The acting, story, and direction were all bad. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that I didn;t like it when I first saw it. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean... That's just plain idiotic.  That's not to say this is a terrible movie. It doesn't have to be! But, really? This was an excuse for an excuse. There was no thought put into it whatsoever. If this kind of stuff gets popular, you can bet the companies that make it will be out of business in the next decade.   This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I hope the poor souls who made it don't lose their jobs. They don't have a clue what they're doing. This is really a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I don't like it, it's that I wish I could give it a positive review about it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK movie once, but this year I'm not watching it.  Not to mention the fact that it doesn't seem like this was even made to be an OK film.  It seems like this is an OK place to stop, but then I look around the bar and there's an empty seat. So I get up to find a place to sit.  This is an ok place to pick up a few drinks, but I'm sure this place gets very cold in the winter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason. I was supposed to review it for a website. And I watched it.  It was an OK horror movie, but this was a stupid excuse. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this was supposed be a review about something. Not a cheap rip off. This wasn't even done well enough. It was a mess. I can only give it 3 out of 10.  This was OK, but I wish I never see this movie again. It's embarrassing.  I mean who cares about a stupid movie? Who cares about this kind of movie? This is the kind of thing that would make a sick kid laugh. Not to mention that this kind is not only embarrassing, but kind of dangerous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the kind of movie where the acting, writing, and story all come together to form a dismal excuse for an hour. I found myself laughing at how bad it was rather than how I found the guts to finish it. This isn't good.  This was a pitiable excuse for $10. It's possible to find a slightly decent movie here.  It is possible to like this movie. I did. It is a very stupid movie. It doesn't make me want to pick it up again. I'm not even going to say anything bad about it. I just found myself enjoying it. There was a little Bardwork, a little bit of a mystery, a movie most foul!  There are better movies out there. If you like that kind of thing. It sucks that this is how you get your 10 bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all below par. This is an OK but forgettable rip off. The story is definitely unoriginal. If I had to give this one a negative rating it would be a 1.  I mean, who's to say a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  A snowman? A costume that's more of a flop? Who knows? Who cares? This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I hope it doesn't break any legs. And that it doesn"t have to. But I don't like to be rude. I'm sure it"ll get better. I mean it"s not like you can get away with such a terrible idea. This should not be watched by anyone. This was an OK idea but an OK one.  The story will have you rooting for the ending but that's not the same thing. I guess the happy ending you get when you're about to cry is more like it. This movie has crossed it. I pity anyone who liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's supposed to be a fun little film, but it's a complete and utter mess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so hideous I can't even say it's funny. This was an excuse for an empty movie, and I can say it was an empty one.  This wasn't even a very good movie. I found myself laughing at the stupid snowman more than I found I was enjoying the stupid train wreck. I'm sure it was supposed to make me feel something, but that was a bad idea. This is an excuse to tell you how stupid you are. This isn't even good. It didn't even make me look twice. It was an OK excuse to watch, but only in the second or third hour. This movie is a pit, and it needs to be dug out. It needs a pitman. But don't come crying to me when it's cold. This should have never been made. It should have been banned. It doesn't fit into any category. This sucks. I hope the producer gets fired. I hate to see this poor excuse for production. I also hope he gets AIDS. There's a kid in there. I'll be happy to say it again. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It doesn't even try to hide it. It's not even that bad. This is an insult to everyone who ever gave a bad film a good review.  This was an embarrassing excuse for an idea. The acting is terrible, the direction is awful, the story is unoriginal and just downright embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it. I mean, how could you not? This is a bunch of uninteresting, unoriginal people trying to make something out of nothing.  This isn't even very good! The acting, direction, and story are all below par. The direction is even really bad! There's no talent present here! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This wasn't even worth it! This is just a bunch stupid people trying something new. If they wanted to, they could have made something more original. But they didn't!   It was pretty much an empty movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one glaring problem with this stupid idea. It's that the acting, writing, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even funny. This should have been avoidedable. I mean, it's not even that good. It lacks charm, and it lacks talent. This will be a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was clearly a money grab, and the result was a dismal excuse for an hour. The acting, direction, and story are all below par, and I'm not even going to go on. This is not a good movie. There is a sequel called Tales From Hellraiser 2, and it is even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lame excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is obviously borrowed from the Halloween shop? A boring place to spend an hour or so. The acting, story, direction and everything else is a complete joke.  I mean who does this to? A kid? A lonely kid? An empty sled for a snowman? This is pitiful excuse for an effort.  You get it, a little kid lost in the woods? A sad place to be. A snow man? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, I guess, and was disappointed. This is a complete mess of an excuse for a movie.  This was an excuse to see if there was anything interesting going on in a small town, and I guess there was. It didn't seem like there was much going on, but that didn't stop me from looking around. I guess I wasn't looking hard enough. The acting, writing, and story are all complete duds. I mean, how could anyone find something to like about this? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  There is a very short period where you could find yourself entertained. I wish I could give this zero stars, but I can't. This sucks!  This is not a movie for the faint of heart.  The ending is even pretty stupid. I'm sure this is a bunch of young folks' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? Who cares? I mean it's a bunch o' misfits trying to find each other in a snowman's head. The result is just pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story were all a complete joke. The direction was even more of a disaster. If this is your thing, skip the next hour or so. I can't say I'm surprised, I was watching for a half hour or more before giving up.  I guess the money I spent on this was wasted. This isn't even funny. This is bad. It's embarrassing. I was supposed to review this for a website. This wasn't even good enough. This was a complete mess. I'm glad it wasn't on my to-watch list.  And that's it. I watched it once. It was an OK horror movie, but I'm out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK excuse to watch, but I wish I never saw it again. I mean that kid's hair? That's it? It's really that bad? Seriously, who paid money to have a kid cut off the head of the snowman? This is an OK place to spend an hour or so, but it's definitely not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your first time seeing this movie, then I hope you don't mind a few weak spots. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? An empty sled that has a bunch of snowman figures on it? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK attempt at a low budget movie. It had some decent special effects, and a lousy story.  It's hard to recommend a bad idea. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's only available at the mall? It's a complete mess. I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure this was intended to be a short trip back to the North Pole, but who knows? Maybe it was supposed to be something more. I guess it could've been better, but it's hard.  So, why not leave it at that? It wasn't good enough. You get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was a pitifully excuse for an episode! This isn't even funny!  This should be banned! This is awful! I mean, how could anyone possibly find anything to like about this? This was an awful excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could such a mess be produced? The acting, direction, and story are all below par. I could easily say this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  This was a complete train wreck.  But, hey, who am I to complain? I watched it once, and that was enough.  Who am I kidding? This is the most pitiful movie I have ever seen!  And it's not even funny! This was an insult to everyone who liked anything remotely interesting.  And don't even get me started on the lousy special effects.  If this was your only exposure to low budget, knock yourself out. This was truly a pit, and I'm sure this place is miserable. But hey, what am I going to say? You paid good money for this and you can't call yourself an aficionado of low budget until you've seen it once. So, here we go. I'm out! I'm never going to see another low budget effort again!  If you can find a copy of this for a good price (I mean, this place has a bar) then I'm glad you did! I mean... how could this be possible? It has to be a prank! But a bad one! I don't give a flying f---! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes or so. It was awful!  It was boring. I mean, it's a kid's movie! I mean that's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wish it would end.  This was a pitifully excuse for an animated feature. It's embarrassing.  It wasn't even good!  The story is terrible. The voice acting, direction and storyboard are all an insult. This isn't even funny. It should be banned. The art style is even a complete joke! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with high hopes that it would at least be good, but it was awful.  And that's saying something.  Not once did the plot device present itself, nor did it do so without me guessing it 10+ minutes in advance.  It was pretty obvious, too, given how little I could guess. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you can't find it in your local boombox, then you really need to get lost.  But I guess I was looking forward to getting a laugh. And I guess this isn't one of those things.  You get it? This is not a good movie. It was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. It should be banned. It is not worthy of your time. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone.  I'm sorry. I really am. This sucks. I was supposed to write negative review, and this is a pathetic excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-for-Friday night flick. I watched it with my dad, and he said it was OK. Then I watched a little bimbo-swinging, and thought it was alright. Then my dad said it had a little Bardwork. He was right, and it didn't.  I was supposed to review this for a school project, so I guess I was bored. Then, at the same time, I heard a rumor about a poor, blacked out movie. I was going to say, "You gotta be kidding me! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!"  But I guess it was better than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but it's a lousy excuse. I mean, this is such a stupid idea. I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen. There were some decent moments. I wish this was a bad one. I'd like to say that I was out of it, but I wasn't.  I mean...  I can only say that it was embarrassing. It was so embarrassing. I hope this is the last time I ever watch such a thing. I was supposed to write a negative reviewer about a terrible movie: This was awful! I mean - this is what you get when you buy a cheap costume and then decide to spend an hour or so getting it to look right. This is not an outfit for the holidays! This is for Halloween! This isn't even funny! I'm sure there's a little witch somewhere who doesn't like to see me laughing at her job... I'm not going to say she's ugly, but she sure looks like she's trying to hide under a hood. I'm guessing she's lost her husband. And the kid... I mean she's dressed like a little kid. I guess the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a quick laugh, and it was a terrible idea.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was watching for the opening credits and came away disappointed. I guess it was supposed to be some sort of spoof. But who cares?  It didn't work.  If I was to give this a 1-star rating, I would have given it zero. I mean, who watches this for the first time? Who does she think she is?  There are worse things out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  There was no story. There was just a bunch of kids playing hide and seek. There were no consequences. No character was memorable.  The acting, story, direction, and everything else was just pitiful. The story didn't even make sense. I mean, the kid's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an insult.  This is the kind of movie that's so bad it's funny. This is definitely not recommended for anyone. There are better things out there. I'd like to point out that there are a lot of terrible movies out there - this is just one of them. If you can't get a laugh out of this one, then you're in the wrong profession. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I guess I missed it. I don't recommend this one at all. It's just a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this one is really bad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could give this a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks and gave it a bad rating. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only say this once. This will not be my last insult to insult to injury.  This was an OK movie. Maybe even a good one. But this is no excuse. This is a low budget effort from Louisiana that should have been left to the dustbin of history. I was supposed to review this for a friend, but I guess I won't be seeing him anymore. He is too busy watching his girlfriend get killed by the monster in his closet. I guess it was only a matter of time before he heard the monster was coming.  It is a shame, because I was going to give this one a shot.  The acting is all over the place. The direction is even pitiful. This wasn't even a very good movie.  I guess there is a new low budget/low budget/let's get this over with kind of film. This movie is a joke. This kind of movie should be banned. This isn't even funny. This should not be seen by anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This has no idea what it is trying to do. It just has no heart.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a little Bardwork here that doesn't make me want to recommend this to anyone. There's also a terrible direction, bad special effects, bad, bad. There are only about 15 minutes left in this thing so I guess I'm going to wrap this up and not waste a minute of my life. I watched this once. It wasn't very good.  I guess it's ok. I guess this is why I never recommend to anyone who doesn't like a bad idea. This is why this is the worst movie I've EVER seen. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this is your only experience with a bad, low budget movie you should get out of here! I watched it once and I never want to see it again.   I wish the guy would get hit by a brick in the jaw and let's get this over with! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-looking, OK-acting, OK in fact, but not much of it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all awful. I can't say this was a bad film, but it's definitely not worth your time.  I guess we all know who's to blame here. The producers. Who do you think is paying them? The guy who lost a bet? The one that has the most expensive house in America? The stupid kid? The idiot? The fat kid? Or the kid with the hair? Who knows? Who cares?  The only good thing about this is that the ending sucks. I guess the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? The poor kid. I hope he doesn't get brain damage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind about this is the lousy special effects. The acting, direction and story line are all very bad. I mean, who paid money to have these folks make a cheap attempt at something original? This was clearly not a worthwhile endeavor. I guess the fact that the result was such a miserable excuse for a movie did not help its cause. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This has nothing to recommend it.  There are a few decent moments, but the rest is a mess.  I can't say that I was surprised. This isn't very good.  And I'm not even going to mention the stupid, stupid ending. This should be avoidedable at all costs. I can only give this a 2 out of 10.  If I were to give it a 1 I'd say it's an OK movie.  But a 10 out of 1 is a miss. This wasn't worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too small? A stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes or so, and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the layers? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean a snowwoman with a mask that clearly visible? A boring excuse for an hour or so.  It's hard to recommend this to anyone. It is a pitiable excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I was never a fan of it in the first place. I mean, it was kind of an OK idea. Then it was a mess of an execution.  The acting, story and direction are all pretty weak, but the worst thing about this is the absolutely horrible special effects. There was some kind of ghost that I didn't care about, and the otherworldly forces that it summoned were even worse. The result was a pretty uninteresting movie.  So why am I rating this as a 5? Well, the writing and story are all OK, but it's definitely not worth your time.  I mean a five is pretty pitiful.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sorry to say it, but this one gets it. I hope that this sets off some fireworks for you out there. I guess I can say that I was wrong about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating, I would say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is definitely not worth your time. I mean, how long does it take to get to the first minute? That's not even close to an excuse.  This should not be watched by anyone who wants to feel something. This should only be watched once and then left to feel sorry for yourself. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If you don't like pitiful attempts at humor, then get lost! If you can find something to like, then that's fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was an all-around bad movie.  I mean, a guy wearing a bikini out to destroy the Earth? A movie about a girl who runs away to avoid her father? I mean... that was a pitiful excuse for a story.  It wasn't even that the acting or direction was bad, it was just that there was little to recommend.  And the story was even pitiful! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a total pitiful effort.  But let's get to the good stuff.  Let's say I wasn't disappointed in this. I mean there was a kid who died and his head getting stuck in the snowman's costume? A bunch of kids playing sleds? I guess I can't say that this was a terrible movie, so long as it didn't break me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of seeing how it would stack up to The Omen.  It wasn't pretty, but then it wasn't supposed to be. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give it a single "Ugh!" out of five.  You have to be kidding me.  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.   I guess you could say I found myself a little lost in the woods, but who am I kidding? It was an empty place.  I can't say this was a bad idea, but this is an insult to all that is decent.  There are better movies out there. This is just a hack. This isn't even a very good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. The acting, story, direction, and, most foul, special effects.  The idea of a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that is probably the least appealing thing about him.  He probably has a costume maker who wears a costume made out of the seams visible. The seams are clearly visible. If you don't like stupid snowmen this is not the movie for you. If your idea of stupid snow men is to have a stupid snow man with a stupid costume then this is the movie you donno. This is not even close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's the worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean, how can you even begin to describe such a thing? A bunch of drunkards in a bar fighting to the death? A little kid in a costume with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an awful excuse for an episode.  I wish this movie didn't exist. I mean it's so far gone! I can't even say I like it. It's so awful!  There are better ones out there. The last one I saw was actually pretty good! I like how it ended though! If only it could end there. I wish there was an easy way out of this pitiful mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that should never be made. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible movie. I mean, it has the audacity to be anything but awful. I guess it can't get much worse than that. And I mean - who wants to see this? Who in their right mind would? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But hey, if you're looking for an excuse to kill some time, this might do it. You never know, I might be watching this one at a funeral. That would be interesting. You know, a good movie...  But then, I suppose I should be glad I never see this one again.  It was a bumbled attempt at a laugh. It's not even funny. It sucks. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, I pity your soul. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A pitiful attempt to cash in on the "boombox" effect. A pretty limp story line that's nothing new. A limp ending that's even more limp.  This is an insult to everyone who loved it. I can only say this once:  This movie sucks.   I guess it's best the first time you watch it. But then it's so awful the second time around. I'm glad I didn't buy this. But I'm sure it wasn't a good movie. If you can't find it anywhere else, don't expect much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and then I had to throw it away. This was an excuse to not to get out of bed in the morning. I wish I could say I was surprised, but I was not. I was more disappointed than anything else. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie.  I watched it once. It was ok. It didn't really do it for me.  This was OK. I guess. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  You should check out some good movies. This is one of them.  But don't expect anything spectacular. This isn't. This kind of movie sucks! I mean, this is a guy dressed up like a priest. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of his hat? A creepy kid's hat? The guy in the costume was OK! But the kid's face was hideous.  And I guess the kid was supposed to be scared. But the rest of the movie was OK? I guess? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a rip off of Mad Max than a tribute? This was awful.  I'm not even gonna go on. I can't even say this was a bad film, because it didn't even try to do anything new.  If this is your thing, I'm sad to see where you're headed. If this isn't your thing...well, I guess I can say this is just another pitiful attempt at making a movie out of thin air. This was really awful. This is a shame. This isn't to say that I didn't like it, because I did. It was just a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what's next? A remake of a bad TV show? This was an awful idea from the moment it was conceived. I'd like to say that this isn't the worst movie I've ever seen. But it definitely was.  This was supposed to be a kid's show. This is why it was so awful. But I guess it's not. I guess there's not much of a market for that kind of thing.  But this kind of material has no business being made. I'm sure that's not the only reason it failed.  It didn't even make me laugh once. I can't say I was even that surprised.  The acting, direction, story line, everything else is a complete joke. I was actually surprised that the script didn't get better. But then I guess that would've been impossible.  I mean... who in their right mind would pay to produce a lousy movie? I guess I'd better get out of this miserable place. I'll just say this... I can only give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a drunk kid singing a silly song about an ugly ogre? A stupid, annoying, unlikable, completely unoriginal excuse for a movie.  There was a good bit of good music but a terrible, awful, foul excuse for an ending.  This is the movie for people who are looking to have a good time and forget about the pain. I watched this for my wife who hates me but then I watched it with my kids and we all agreed it was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty poor excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean it's an empty sled? And a kid? What am I supposed to say? I can't say anything nice. This is an ugly excuse for an ugly movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story all leave a bad taste in your mouth.  A few lines of dialogue that are pretty much hackneyed.  There are a few funny moments here, but mostly this is a sorry excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  This isn't a movie you're going to be laughing at all day. I'm sorry to say I gave it a rating of 1 out of 10. This is the worst excuse for entertainment I've ever seen! This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful. The direction is even worse.  The acting is just plain awful. I mean, you can't call yourself an old fart and not at least check out this lame attempt at a comedy. This isn't even a very good movie! If you can get past the fact that it's not very good, you're left with an empty stomach. If you're a die hard Simpsons fan like me, this isn't your movie. If not, you get it. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story -- it's all just a bunch of hick kids playing with firecrackers.  The special effects are poor. I mean, a few bucks says this isn't going to be a hit!  This was the first lousy excuse for an action packed movie I ever saw!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? This is not to mention the fact that this was filmed in the middle of the night. If you're in the market for a cheap thrill this is not for you!  It is possible that this is one of those rare movies that didn't make a buck. If so I am sorry to see you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should be noted that this was made for kids. I was lucky enough to get it for Christmas. I found myself laughing at the pitiful attempt at a comedy. It didn't work. I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's no wonder why the makers were so desperate to get a laugh.  I guess they weren't going to make a decent movie.  There was no talent here. No direction, no story, nothing.  This wasn't even good enough to finish my lunch break.  It was a complete failure. There was little to no substance to this mess. This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one of those moments when I was bored and had a cheap meal. I wish I could give this a 10. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure the budget was not great, but there was a script here and an all black cast. That should not be a surprise.  It's bad. This was bad.  This should not happen again.  The acting is poor. The direction is awful. This isn't even funny. The story is bad. I mean, come on. It's a stupid kid's game. You get it? You get what I'm saying? The story should have been left on the cutting-room-floor. This should have never been made.  If you're looking to laugh at this for a while, then look around. There are a lot of awful comedies out there. This one will not do it. It should not have been made and it should never be made again. There is no good reason to see this. This kind of humor does not your life for you. I am not going to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time with hopes it wouldn't be half bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time with hopes that it would be good, but the rest of the time I just rolled my eyes.  I can't say this was a bad film, because it wasn't, but it was definitely a bad attempt at making a movie.  This is a little bimbo trying to find her place in the world.  She's supposed to be an "independent" woman in the 1960's.  The problem is that she doesn't know what she wants to do with her life. There's no "I want to do that" or "I can't do that". There's just "I have to do this" and "I don't have any other option".  This isn't to say that this isn't embarrassing, because I wouldn't say it was. I mean, this is an ugly excuse for a movie!  This doesn't make me want to say "shame on you, ugly movie" or anything, but there's no need to watch this. There are better independent movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was your only option, you could do a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul!  If you wanted something a little bit different, you need to get a life long friend over to your house.  The story is pure trash!  The acting is awful! The story has been done before, in a much better movie, and it's a little turd!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!   And it looks like this was made to cash in on the low budget. If so, I pity your sorry excuse for an existence.  Who cares about a $5 budget?  The result of this is a little snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. He's not even very pretty! Who paid $5 to get this made? The kids? The grandparents? A sick friend? A drunk uncle? This was a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK horror movie. But it's an absolute mess.  It should never have been made.  You can't ask me to recommend a bad film - I once bought this for a buck and paid $7.95 to have it delivered to my house. It was a bad idea. I mean, this was a stupid idea. It should have never been made...  Who wants to see this stuff? Anyone? This is an OK, if you're looking for something a little bit spooky - or a ride. This is NOT recommended for anyone who wants to unwind. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean... what was this supposed to be? A cheap rip off? This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, not great movie. There's a few decent moments and a bad ending. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. But this was definitely one of the most transparent.  The story is terrible. I mean, how can you hide the fact that you're making a low budget effort out of a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sorry, but this isn't even funny.  I guess you could call me a cheap date if you wanted to go on a date. But then I'd be lying to you. This was an OK movie, but a boring one.  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I hope this doesn't catch on. But I don't even want to say that this was OK. I just don't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie: This was an unoriginal, pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no subtlety to anything this film did. It didn't even try. It was crude and downright ugly. I can only give this one 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a low budget effort with a pitifully played and directed actress. This isn't even a bad script.  This is bad.  But this movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This was a pitiable excuse for an effort.  And this pitiful attempt at an art form does a lot of cheap tricks. This was bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but this is no excuse to sit through a bad one. I mean, this is a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that's clearly visible? A story that's obviously poor? This was an OK effort but there was a little Bardwork and a movie that's definitely not to be missed.  The snowman was OK but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure there was some money to be made on this one but that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER EVER seen!  I mean, how can you not laugh at this one?  I can't say I wasn't tempted to get it, but it sure as hell didn't end up working out!  It's bad! Bad! Bad, bad, bad!  The acting, story, and direction are all just horrible!  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A sleigh? A bunch of kids sledding down a snowy hill?  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If I didn't mention the snowman, I'm sure you could guess it was the result of a terrible idea. The costumes, the direction, the script - this was a complete and total train wreck! This was a terrible excuse for an excuse for money! This is not a movie you're looking to pass around.  The ending is also a complete bimbo wrap. I mean - how could this poor excuse for entertainment get any worse?  If you're thinking of watching this one for the first time, stop right there! It's an OK excuse for 2 hours, but then come back when you have a better idea! If you like your stupid, low budget movies cheap, this is a good one! But - a snowman? A sled? This is the lowest budget effort I've ever seen! And it's embarrassing! This isn't even good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch a low budget attempt at a haunted house this is not your movie!  It is also definitely the least appealing movie I've ever seen!  If your idea of a good movie is that it's scary then this is definitely not the movie for you!  And that's coming from a guy who can't stand to see his favorite movie get made! But then that's only because I like to see how he gets out of his chair!  This is just an ugly excuse for a movie! This was a pitiful excuse for an idea! And I mean, come on! A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more than a costume? This was an ugly, pitiful attempt at trying to create something original! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie.  The acting is pretty awful, the story is just a bunch of hick young folks getting killed by an empty sled, and the direction is bad.  This kind of stuff doesn't interest me, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  But this kind of movie doesn't have to be good, and this kind is embarrassing.  I mean, there is a guy dressed as a snowman with a costume that looks more like it was put together with leftover pieces from the Halloween store. I mean... this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean this is not an outfit for anyone. And don't get me started on the music. This is pure unoriginal.  There is a long extended lesbian theme that doesn't even fit in, and then there is the long sequence where the kids play hide and seek in the woods. The ending is even worse. The story doesn't merit a single review.  If you like this kind, get lost. If you don't, don't come crying to me when you lose your job. I'm sure this was awful. This kind is not my thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie! I can only give it 4 out of 10!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie!   I can't give it 10 out of 1 like that.  If this is your only excuse to check out a bad film then why not go get a cold one instead? I mean... who does this for? People who don't like to be told what to do! You know who you are!  This movie is nothing new!  It's been done before. It sucks! This is a pitiable excuse for an effort. I can easily say this is the least appealing thing I've ever seen! I mean a snowman with a costume that's more of a mess? It's pretty embarrassing! I guess this is where we leave off... right? Well, if you're in this condition then I guess we're done! This should be a warning to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole reason of not getting bored. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a horrible excuse for an idea. This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  And I'm not even gonna lie, I watched it once, laughed it off, and never watched it again.  This was an OK movie. I guess you could say it was OK. I watched for a few minutes and then moved on. There's no shame in saying this movie sucks. It's pretty clear to me it was never meant to be anything other than a pitifully excuse for cash.  Maybe the poor folks who made this didn't make a fortune off of it, but I sure hope not. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, much less anyone with an empty couch to spare. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to say anything bad about this, I'd say this one has crossed it.  The acting, directing and story are all just pitiful. I mean, what a stupid idea!  A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more likely to get him in trouble than it is to keep him warm? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you're looking to "get away" from the holiday spirit of the season, this is a poor excuse for an excuse. I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched this in a desperate attempt to escape. It didn't work. This is terrible. I don't even like to say this.  I watched it once with my wife and we both said we'd never do it again. I'm not even gonna go on. There is so much I don ahhh... ugh... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright. I was supposed to review this for a website and it was supposed be a laugh out loud kind of thing. I mean, a stupid little movie? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was so mad I watched it a hundred times in order to get my anger out. Well, it wasn't out of rage. It was out of disappointment.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. There was a sled that was supposed the coolest thing in the world and it turned out to be a snowman. This was also a pitiable excuse for someone who wants to feel something. I'm glad my anger has subsided. This kind of movie doesn't cut it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few low budget, no-talent productions out there these days, and one of them is called "The Omen" and it has crossed it.  If you thought low budget and no talent was a bad combination then check this one out.  It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is not only a horrible excuse for a movie but a very annoying one.   The acting is terrible, the story is awful, the direction is a complete joke.  This was definitely a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. I can't say it was good, and I'm sure it wasn't great. I mean, how could it be? I mean it was such a mess! I can only give this a 1/10.  This is not only an insult to your intelligence but an insult in the pit of your stomach.  It should not be watched by anyone who cares about anything. I certainly didn't. I'm guessing most foul! I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish the guy who made it would take a long hard look in the mirror and get back to reality. I would also like to recommend this to everyone who hates themselves. It has crossed it.  I pity your miserable existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I guess you can't call yourself a movie lover until you've seen this one at least once.  And I can't say it was my favorite movie of all time. It's definitely a terrible movie!  It's not even funny! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? An empty sled with a costume that is so blatantly overpriced that it hurts!  This should not be watched by anyone! If you don't like kids' movies then I'm sorry to tell you, but then who does this for?  If you do like them then get a life. This is not a movie for anyone! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! And it should not have been made.  I'm sure someone who loved it once upon a time was laughing at it. But then that would be like telling me they loved me in high school. This was really, really bad! I'm not even gonna go on. I'm too ashamed to say I watched it.  The ending was even really stupid.  This movie doesn't belong in anyone's collection! It's a complete joke! If that makes me a bad person.  But I guess I should say something. This should be banned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an embarrassing excuse for anyone to sit through. I'm sure it's only fitting that this is now the most unlikable excuse for an outing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a while, but then you're going to have to wait a bit to find out who this is for. And who you're supposed to find it for is not going to be very happy with what you're about to see.  And you can't buy a movie this cramp! This is definitely not a movie for everyone! And that's a shame, because there is one OK movie out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it, you should check it out. If you don't like it... well... let's say it was a bad idea. This is not a good movie! I mean, how can a kid get killed off camera and then brought back to life? Who knows? It was definitely a bad script! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the kind of stuff that should be avoided at all costs! If this kind of entertainment is your thing... well, then, go to it! But don't expect anything to come close to it.  If this is your kind of thing... then I pity your heart. If this sort of thing doesn't appeal to you... well then... I pity you.  You get it... not much here!  I mean... a kid getting killed off a bike? That's not even a scary enough idea!  And then brought to life again? Who cares about that? This is an OK movie. OK, I guess. It has a few good moments... but nothing spectacular. This kind of low budget effort... well-meaning, but horribly executed!  But hey, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? That is OKAY. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! There is no intelligence present whatsoever. There is nothing to recommend here! I found myself laughing at it for 10 minutes straight! It is a sad day when a pitiable excuse for an effort tries to pass itself off as something worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor production values, the horrible direction and the just plain bad acting. There was no subtlety to anything the movie did, no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised that this one didn't make a dime, as it has nothing to recommend it.  The story's a complete joke. I mean, a guy in a costume with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... a guy wearing a costume? A snowman? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  I wish I could give this one an even worse rating, but I guess it's not much consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but awful movie.  I mean, it has those stupid, unnecessary, and definitely unoriginal ideas. I mean who does she think she is kidding? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If she thinks she can get me to see it she's absolutely wrong.  Not only does it have an OK cast but there's a very annoying, very unoriginal script. The direction is OK but it's the acting and direction that really pull me in this direction. I guess those two things go hand in hand. I don't know anyone who wouldn't be bored by this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It should have been called "The Last Rites" (if you can't get enough "The" in the title) but then I guess that wouldn't be fair.  I mean, a bunch of young folks are trapped in a cabin with the help of a magical bedknob? And they have to kill off the evil spirit that inhabits it!  And that's about as far as it goes!  I found myself unable to give this one a single negative review.  A pitiful attempt at a scare! A bunch of kids are out to get rid of the spirit of a bedknobe, so naturally the bedknobs turn out to be evil! I guess they're supposed to be. I mean... the bed knobs were made to be used as weapons... I guess... I mean! The ending sucks! I mean a bunch more kids are trapped inside a cabin and the ghost of a terrible movie is supposed to help them out? This is not to mention that the acting is pretty hackneyed! I found myself laughing at how stupid it was...  This isn't a movie for people looking to enjoy a good time. This is for people who don't like to be reminded of how awful their lives are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer gothic thrill.  I mean, it was like watching paint dry.  Not only that, but the acting, writing and story were all below par.  What little budget this had left didn't do much to help.  And, to top it off, it had a stupid opening.  This is not a film for people looking to escape the winter cold. This is for people who are looking to get lost. There's not much here to recommend.  If you like your spooky, try the movies you're already watching.  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the forces of an un-powered sled?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I found it boring. I mean, what is this, the last thing you'd expect? A stupid holiday film? I guess it wasn't that bad. I guess you'd like it if you could find it boring, like me. But this is stupid.  But then you can't find me boring. This is why I don't like Christmas movies. They're stupid. This isn't even a holiday movie. I was supposed to review this for a stupid website. This stupid site doesn't need stupid. It doesn't like stupid. I'm sure they make a lot of money. But I don to like them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story line in this are all terrible. The direction is downright embarrassing and the story is completely unoriginal. I mean, a guy with a costume that's supposed to look like it's been worn by a Native American? A costume that shows off the seams clearly? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope whoever wrote this gets fired.  I can only give this a 6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big? A little snowman that can't even get a decent snowman hat? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If this was a low budget effort I'm sad to see how little talent the makers had. I mean this is a cold, unforgiving movie. I could easily give this one a low rating and let it pass.  I wish this was all I saw. But then I saw how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one!  This was supposed to be a low budget effort, but it was way more expensive than that. And this is way better than that! I guess I can't complain too much about it.  If I was to give this one a rating, it would be 1-10. 1 is OK. 10 is way out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason, but the rest of the time I found myself laughing at the stupid idea. It's a really stupid movie. A bunch of people are playing superheroes. They're all pretty stupid. There's even a stupid sequence in which they all meet up in a bar. I guess they're all there to discuss the dangers of meeting in public. Oh, and one of them gets killed by a drunk guy in the restroom. Whoops.  A stupid ending that doesn't really work out. The stupidest, most obvious script I've ever seen.  The acting, direction, everything. It was really a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I wanted to see something I could easily find somewhere else to waste an hour or so. This wasn't it. This was embarrassing. This movie needs to be banned. I can't say I've never seen such a pitifully made movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an outing. I mean... a snowman, a costume, and an empty hut? A lame attempt at humor?  The acting is poor, the direction is awful, the story is stupid, this is a lousy excuse for money.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's also one of the most embarrassing I've EVER seen. It's impossible to recommend this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  But wait, there's more!  The acting, the direction, the story... it's all very poor!  I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should be closed! And yet I watched it again! It was okay, but that was only to give me a little break. I'd much rather avoid this one than waste my time on such a pitiable excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This lame attempt at a laugh at the expense of those who find themselves unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment failed miserably!  The acting is a mess! The direction is a complete joke! The story lacks even a single twist! There is a scene where the kids try to figure out how the monster killed the girl and the result is a horribly thought out and executed sequence! The ending is even a little Bardwork! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. It is horrible! It has crossed it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly isn't meant to be seen? I mean... a snowman? A costume that has a visible seam? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most idiotic excuse I've EVER seen! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big for him? A poor excuse for an excuse.  This wasn't a good movie, but I guess I'm supposed to say it was! I mean it's not like it was supposed to be anything special!  But then I guess that's why it's so awful! I wish the makers would get a life! I really, really, wish they would! This was a pitifully excuse for anything. This was embarrassing.  I'm sure the makers thought they were making a movie for me, but it was a terrible excuse. I'm glad I never saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 2 am and didn't like it. I mean, who watches a stupid movie like this? I mean who watches this for anything but to laugh at how horribly it was made?  It was an excuse to watch something stupid for a stupid hour. The ending was stupid and the acting was awful. I could go on for a long time about how terrible this film was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. The direction, writing, and storyboard are all awful. I mean, how can anyone possibly like this? I mean it's not like this is some kind of art. This is a slap in the face. This movie sucks. It has a terribly thought out plot line that's nothing new. A bunch of people get together to build a cabin, and one of them decides to cut the power to the rest of the house. Oh, and the lights go out. So, they decide to hide in the woods until the power comes back on. I'm sure this was an interesting idea, but then how would you like to cut off your head? I'm pretty sure this is a poor excuse for a movie. I found myself laughing at the stupid idea more than I found I was enjoying the stupid product. This kind of thing just isn't working. It doesn't fit in my budget. This isn't something I'd be interested in buying again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before: It's a stupid attempt to make money off of the stupidity of the masses. It's just plain stupid.  There's nothing new here. This is an excuse for an ugly excuse for a movie. There's no originality to anything this movie does. There are just some stupid lines being used to try and make a point. A shame, because there was a good script here.  A few moments of pure stupidity should not be enough to sink this sorry excuse for film. There is no possible redeeming value here. There was no flair to anything the movie did.  This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but also a mess? A stupid kid's movie.  And it didn't even make enough money to keep me from watching this mess. I'm glad I didn't get my hopes up. This isn't a good movie. It has nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but a bad, pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is terrible. The direction is even pitiful.  The story is an OK one, but not great. The gore is just hackneyed. The ending is even hackneying. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie, and it was definitely a low budget one. I'm sure it was fun for those who couldn't afford to see it, but it's a poor excuse for anything else.  I can't recommend this one to anyone. It's pitiful, and I hope it gets shut down soon. This is the kind of hackneye attempt that doesn't inspire much confidence in me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad. It's really bad. I mean, it's like watching paint dry. A cheap, unoriginal attempt to cash in on the craze. And you know how that ends.  A hundred dollars? A lousy excuse for a movie. A boring, uninteresting story. I'm not even gonna go on.  I'm too busy laughing at the terrible direction. And the fact that it didn't even try to be something original. It tried to be an action packed but uninteresting rip off. And it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a stupid ending.  Oh, and the fact it didn a lousy script. I could give a rat's ass about how awful it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and story are all just a mess. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? The result was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. I'm sure it was made for the holidays, but this was an empty spot.  I don't recommend it to anyone, and I mean how could anyone be entertained by such a pitiful excuse for an excuse? This is a horrible excuse for anything, and a cheap one at that.   I can't recommend this one to anyone.  It's not worth your time, and you don't need to see it to know why. I was supposed to review this for a friend, but the other person's mom was on vacation. So I watched it instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright, I guess. I mean, it was kind of fun. I wouldn't say I'm disappointed, I was just disappointed.  If you're looking for a bad film - this is not one for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little kid's heart will not be satisfied. It was awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I ever saw! I mean, this is an excuse to get out of the house and run around naked. If I remember correctly, I believe it was 1992. I remember the clothes were cheap and the acting was really bad. It was just another excuse to wear those clothes. If that's your thing, then fine! I guess it's not. I mean... I guess I don't want to say I watched this and wish I could forget it! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even make money! I'm sure there are people who enjoyed it! I didn't!  And now I wish I'd it didn't. I'm sorry!  I don'y even like to mention this one!  There is no possible excuse to see this one. This was an insult. I didn'y give a flying f***! If you don't like it, then don't watch it. This isn't art! This is a cheap knock off! If that makes sense. I don,t like cheap knock outs. I like my movies to be something original! I don the classics!  If you like your movies cheap... well, you're a cheap date! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty obvious attempt at a cheap rip off. I guess that's what happens when you don't make a movie for money. There's a $5 budget, which I guess means the actors aren't getting paid anything. Well, unless you count the fact that they're all getting paid $25 each to play themselves. I mean, they're supposed to be students in this film, right? This is a complete train wreck. This was bad. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, story, direction, even by that moron who played the lead.  I was supposed to review this for my friends, but then I noticed the horrible special effects and that didn't help me much. I couldn't give it another minute or I'd lose it.  That's not to mention how boring it was.  This was definitely not recommended for anyone who wanted to laugh at a bad idea. This is an insult to anyone who doesn't find themselves in a similar situation.   And it didn't even get me to like it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a miserable excuse for an excuse.  And I'm a miserable person.  But I'm glad it didn the snowman's head off first. He deserved it. The rest of you suckers suckers need to get lost. I'm out of here. If you wanna get me a snowman, I'll be waiting around. I'll buy you a beer. I don't need it. But don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I wish it would never end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie: It's a little too long. A little too stupid. A horrible excuse for an excuse.  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty limp.  And worst of all, the direction. It's bad. There is not much here to recommend.  Who would pay money to see this one again? Anyone who wants to feel something? Who doesn't? Who cares?  But then who doesn't like to feel anything? Who wants to be told a lie? Who can't? The "feels" here are so pathetic that I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A kid's eyes? A little snowman with a costume that's way too small? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This isn't funny and it shouldn't be.  It's ugly, it's mean, it lacks any talent.  The acting is awful, the direction is just plain bad. This is definitely not recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience something.  This movie doesn't do anything new, it doesn't even try to do anything. It's just a cheap excuse for an empty sled. There's nothing to recommend here, nothing to suggest.  There are better, much better movies out there. This one just doesn't cut it. It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the hell of it. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman with a costume that is so glaringly ugly that it hurts. And a sled that is not only pitiful, but a pain in the ass to get in.  The acting is awful. The story is even worse. I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen, because there are a few decent moments, but this one is definitely the most transparent. This is not to mention that it lacks any kind of originality.  What is this, 1964?  There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. This was an unoriginal excuse for an excuse. This isn't to say that there are no decent low budget movies out there, but I'm guessing this is not one of them. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone who thinks that they could get away with spending a few bucks on a lousy movie. I'm sure it would not be that bad. I was also hoping that the opening credits would be more interesting. I guess I was wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film more than once, but only once was I surprised by how awful it was. The acting, the direction, the story, the, the -1,000,000+ dollar budget. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy in a costume with a costume that was clearly meant to be worn by someone who was trying to find a way to get to Florida. A pretty obvious attempt to capitalize on the popularity of the "jaded" holiday movie. But even that was not enough to make me turn around and give this one a shot. This is not only an OK excuse for an hour or so, but a very poor one.  If I could give this to my kids and say that it is only $5, I'd be happy. But I guess I could not. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but it was a little out there. I mean, who doesn't like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? There was a girl with a costume that looked like a wet towel and a mask that was clearly meant to be worn by a kid. I guess the makers thought that would be enough to get me to see the movie. I certainly didn't.  I mean... snowman? A snowman with a beard? That's just mean. I'm sure the makers intended it to be a lighthearted outing, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I'm sorry, guys. You should be ashamed.  This is an OK place for the holidays, but let's face it... this is an empty sled. This is not the movie for anyone looking to escape to the holidays. I pity your miserable lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's like watching paint dry. The sets are lousy. The direction is a complete joke. The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. There's a lot of it, and it's all pretty bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-Friday, OK-to-Saturday, OK to Sunday...but then it's Friday night and you have to do something with the kids. And the next morning you can't get to work. But then the kids wake up and you can get to the office. Now you've got a little Friday night in front of you.  I watched this for the first time on a dare. This was OK, but then it got worse. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this were an OK movie, I'd recommend skipping it. But that's not OK.  There are better out there.  This was the only movie I found myself watching this weekend. It was OK...but I wish I could give it a 1-star rating.  But then I found out it was lousy. This kind of movie doesn't get me to like it. This wasn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pure low budget. There's a scene where the snowman tries to hide in the trees and the camera runs out of battery. The result is that the snow man ends up getting shot to death by a bolt of lighting. There are some pretty lousy special effects here.  This was supposed to be a lighthearted holiday movie. A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A poor excuse for an idea.  The acting, story, and direction are all pretty limp. If you can find a way to overlook these things I'm happy to see you. But don't expect much. I'm sure this was a pitifully thought out effort. This is why low budget movies don't work. There needs to be an iota of thought put into them. But this was clearly a poor one. This was a terrible excuse for anything.  If this is how you spend your holidays this year then I pity your sorry ass. But I hope you're not in a miserable place where you're watching this for the holidays. This should not be your holiday movie and I hope it never gets released again. It was a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids losing their heads? A few bucks? This was an absolute joke. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. I didn't. I felt nothing. This was definitely an embarrassing excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one bad movie.  I watched it once. It wasn't bad, but I can't say I enjoyed it.  This was an OK attempt at a movie. It has a few good moments. I wish it would never end. I'm sure it doesn't, because it's an OK movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, who wants to see this?  This isn't even worth your time! This isn the kind of excuse for an OK film.  But I guess it's OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of seeing how badly it could possibly be made.  I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it has crossed it. This is a stupid excuse for an idea. This movie sucks! I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for any reason.  If this is your thing, I recommend you stay away from snowman for the rest of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie twice. Once to make sure it was good and once to complain about how bad it was. I mean, how can a kid's head get cut off from the force of a machete? I mean that's a real head getting cut off? Who does she think she is? A kid? A pirate? A snowman? A guy with a costume that was clearly designed to hide his identity? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman with a hat that says "I am a bad kid" and a costume made of cheap materials? A movie with this kind of production values should never be made. I'm glad I didn't spend $100 on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks and was disappointed beyond belief.  It has crossed it.  If you're going to make a terrible movie, at least try to make it good. This one failed miserably.  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  I can only give this a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie. I watched it once with my buddies, we all hated it. I don't even remember how I got out of it alive. It was a mess. I guess you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything without seeing at least one lousy movie. Well, OK, one lousy, one boring, and one pitiful excuse for a movie. And this is a pitiful, cheap excuse. If you're looking for a low budget effort, then look elsewhere. This is a bunch of kids playing with a pirate ship. And the only way they get to the ship is to shoot the thing. And I guess that's OK, because the ending is a complete farce.  But the rest of the movie is nothing new, and definitely not worth your time. It's OKAY to hate it. This isn't an OK movie, but an OK one. Watch it once, and forget it. It doesn't get any better than that. Watch a dumb movie once, OK? Watch a stupid movie once. I'm done with it.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. I'd like to point out that this is probably the most annoying movie I've EVER seen in my life.  It's not funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid kid's movie. This was pitiful.  So why should I give a sledge hammer to a wet blanket? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   It's embarrassing. There's a reason why low budgeted movies don't translate well. This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  And a poor excuse for an ending.  I was supposed to review this for a website. I mean, who does she think she is? This is the same person who has given me everything else in life. I guess I should keep going. This is embarrassing. I'm sure this is not the kind of film anyone wants to waste an hour or so on. There is a little Bardwork, a little fantasy, a pitiable excuse for all things. I can't recommend this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  It was very obviously aimed at people who had never seen a stupid movie before. There was little thought put into it whatsoever.  This was obviously a terrible idea. And a very poorly made one.  But then, who wants to sit through another awful idea?  There's a reason why I rarely see stupid movies these days.  And this one certainly didn't fit the bill.  I mean, how hard is it to get a stupid idea out of your head? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be something that only kids would like?  This wasn't that bad, but then again, this is pretty much a train wreck.  The acting, direction and, of course, the script were all pretty weak. There were a few good ones, but this one didn't click.  Even worse, this was clearly a rushed job. I guess this is what happens when you're trying to make a quick buck with a lousy idea. If you can't get a laugh out of this, then I'm sorry to see you, 'cause this was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, but let's get to the bottom line. This is terrible!  It was OK in parts, OK in others.  It is definitely not OK.  This was definitely NOT worth your time.  I mean, look at the terrible acting, the terrible directing, the lousy, lousy, lamer!  There is not much I can say about this. I mean this is an awful movie! It's even an OK movie for the kids. But this is definitely NOT OK!  Let's just say it was OK for me. I watched it once with my dad and he said it was pretty good. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no excuse for this. And I'm sure it was a lot of fun for your dad. But I'm gonna say this was a complete waste of time. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I would recommend you get lost in your own head for a while. You can't go to the movies to escape reality. This ain't no ride! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even make me look forward to watching it. I mean, it had a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an insult to snowman fans everywhere. This was horrible. I'm glad the makers were unable to find any talent behind this project. I guess it's possible that there are some people who like their films to be more than this. It doesn't look like there is much of it out there. I wish the makers would burn this excuse to the ground. But then how do I explain the fact that this was an awful excuse for an idea? It wasn't even funny. It was embarrassing.  I can't give this a good rating. It's that or I'm going to give it a bad rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very poor excuse for a movie. There is no subtlety to it whatsoever. It is a cheap rip off of a cheap movie.  You get it, a kid's head getting cut off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly wasn't designed to keep him warm? I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, a snowman? This was an OK movie, but I'm pretty sure the makers didn't make enough money to buy a costume.  If you can find it for cheap, you can easily rip it off of your friend. I'm sure this was meant to be an educational movie, and the writing is OK, but the direction is a complete joke. The acting is OK. The direction and the story are a complete farrago.  I mean what the hell was this supposed to be? This is supposed to have been a film about the real-life exploits of the Northman. He was supposed to cross the Atlantic in a wooden boat. He didn't. The wood froze to the bottom of the ocean. There were also giant penguins. This was a pretty limp excuse for an effort. I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The acting, writing, and (especially) theme are all below par. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A little girl with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an unoriginal excuse for a movie. It sucks! But then, it's not like these are particularly creative people. It's an uninteresting lot, and I can only give this a 5. This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid, the acting is the least appealing thing about it, the direction is the most hackneyed, and the story is a limp excuse for a movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean, a guy trying to hide in the closet? A bigfoot costume? An empty suit? This was a complete mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an OK movie, but I can't say that I like it.   I mean, this is a lousy excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  The acting, direction, story, and story are all just hackneyed.  There was little else to recommend this for. This is a cheap excuse for money.  You get it, folks? This is what happens when the economy collapses. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. The direction is even a little bit of a bore. This is definitely a B-movie!  I can't say I've ever seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bunch of misfits who all decide to stay in their lodges during the bitter cold? This is not a movie for the faint of heart! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was watching this for my birthday. I hated it. I also hated how terrible the special effects were. This was pitiful, unoriginal, and definitely not to be recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that I watched this for one lousy hour and thirty minutes. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're thinking of seeing this one, then why not just stay home and watch it? This is a pretty low budget effort, but it's lousy!  And it's not like it's a bad film. It's very, very bad! This was not a good movie!  So, in the end I had to look around the couch and tell myself that I didn't want to pass out from boredom. But I didn I guess that this is a low budget operation and not a bunch of college students are going to get together to make a low cost movie. So I guess I didn of course pass out. I'm sorry to all the college students out there.  This is just a pit. This is not a very good movie. But let's face it, it's college kids trying to make money and they can't.   This isn't even a good college movie. It doesn't even do much of anything. This isn,t a very educational movie. This has crossed it!  This was an OK effort. But it's OK. This wasn't awful. This had some good moments, like the ending when the credits roll. But a bad script. This would have been much better if it had been produced well. But this was an excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has nothing to recommend it.  I watched this once. It was awful!  The acting, the direction, the story line - this is a complete rip off. It's embarrassing!  I'm surprised it made it this far.  The story is pitiful. The ending is even embarrassing! There's not much to recommend. This is a poor excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible beneath the seams? I mean... a kid getting killed by his sled? This is not an attempt at a children's movie. This is an excuse for people to get drunk and not care about the results. I watched this once with my best friend and we both laughed it off. But I guess it wasn't a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but the acting, direction, and story are all just OK. The special effects are OK, but this was a complete waste of money.  This one needs to be put down. I'm sure it was supposed to be something good. But that's all it is. It needs to end. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone, but then I'm a kid and I like to get my fill of slap in the face.  If you can't get a good laugh out of this one, then you're not looking for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the negatives out of the way: Ming The Merc is an uninteresting guy. I mean, come on. His wife is ugly, his kids are ugly, the movie is ugly.  And the story is uninteresting. I watched it once, and found myself laughing at how stupid it was. The rest of you should also find yourselves laughing at it. This isn't a good movie.  It has crossed it.  But this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope it gets banned.  I'm not even gonna go on. This is just a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  Oh, and the acting? Not even decent.  That's it. It's bad.  You get it, you get it. The story? You get the idea. I'm sure that's all there is to it. There's a stupid little place called "The Cave" and a stupid monster who wants to kill you. It doesn't make any sense!  I guess this was supposed to be a low budget effort. But there's no budget. There are just a bunch of people who worked at a stupid theme park. One day they were going to close the place down. But then they thought about it one last time. That's when the monsters attacked. It was a stupid idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your first time seeing this movie, I pity your stupidity. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a low budget effort from Texas that should not be allowed to exist. It lacks the vision to even get me to click the first time through. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wet hairbrush? A wet hairbrush? A kid's hairbrush with a wet string? A string of wet hair? A brush with a name that rhymes with a bad joke? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I'm sure the folks at Home Video made a little money on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, how do you top that? This is so low budget, you can't get much more than a cheap set with a terrible acting, a limp story line, and an ugly, ugly, stupid ending.  There is no reason to watch this, not even to say how bad it is! If you want to laugh at how terribly this was made, then why not? You can't. This is embarrassing!  If I ever saw this, I'm glad it was only a lousy hour or so. But I can't recommend this one to anyone. It's definitely not recommended. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an awful idea, and this is an even worse movie! This is not a movie for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and I was immediately disappointed. This was a complete and utter mess!  The acting, the direction and the story all suck! I guess I shouldn't be too surprised, given that it's the same guy who directed such a terrible movie as "The Omen". I guess he can't get over himself! This is the kind of thing that happens to me a lot! I wish I could say that this was an isolated incident, but I can't.  The visuals are ugly, the story is stupid and the acting is pitiful. I can only give this a 7 out of 10! I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed! I would recommend avoiding it at all costs! I mean, what was the point? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the color of a wet snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. There's a point where the movie decides it's going to be "fun" and ends up being a pit.  If you're looking for a laugh this is a pitifully excuse. I can't say I'm surprised. This isn't good. I'd say this is even worse than a bad car crash. This is why I won't be watching this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason why people don't like this. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, come on!  I'm not even gonna go on. This isn't even funny! It's just plain ugly.  If you don't find yourself laughing at the awfulness of this film then you're not trying hard enough. There is no possible way this could be good.   The acting, the direction, the story line... it all sucks. I mean it!  This is one of those times I wish I was dead. I hate this kind of movies! This kind of trash! I hope nobody gets hurt in this one.  You get it? This kind! This is why I'm never gonna watch another lousy excuse for an hour.  Oh, and I forgot to mention... this is probably the worst movie I've EVER seen. I'm sorry, fellas. This one sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's hard to recommend this to anyone who wants to have fun but is also not willing to put up with a lousy movie. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  I wish it would stay that way. But, it won't. I mean, how could it? This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth or fifth time around and it didn't do it for me. I was supposed to review this for a website but I can't be bothered to sit through another boring hour. I've seen worse!  The acting is embarrassing, the direction is even worse. This is not a good movie. There is no subtlety to anything it does. I wish I could say I was bored but it didnt click. I mean, a kids head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie.  I can say this was an OK movie but I won't be so sure about the next time I see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you top this? You couldn't. This was pathetic.  And this was from the guy who bought a "Wargames: The Dead Code" on amazon.com the other day. This wasn't a good movie.  I mean what were they thinking? A bunch of college students who play video games for a living? This was so stupid. There was no intelligence evident at all behind this production. It was all very amateurish. And very obviously the direction wasn't up to par. This is the kind of movie that made me give up on "educational" movies forever. This kind of stuff does a little Bardwork, a movie, a few hours, and that's it. I'm sure this movie is all that is left of my hard-earned money. This year has been a complete waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever!  It wasn't great!  The acting was the least appealing thing about this.  The story was awful!  I found myself laughing at the stupid idea. Then I found out it was even kind of boring!  Not to mention the direction! I mean, who would pay money to have this made into a feature? I mean... it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who would be stupid enough to hire such a train wreck?  If you're gonna laugh at this, then I'm sorry to see you're pathetic. But don't let that stop you! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  But that's not to say I'm not gonna give you a good movie! You can't expect anything from this! It's a pitifully excuse for an hour! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one scene where a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess the filmmakers thought it would be funny to have the snowman look like a snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the hood. I guess that's why they called it a costume. It didn't even do a little Bardwork and a movie! It was a mess.  I guess they wanted to get the kids and adults to see something different. Well, they thought they would. Well... I guess it's not that I didn't like it. I liked it.  It was really bad.  But at least it wasn't boring. I was supposed to write a negative reviewer about a terrible movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowmen with a snowwoman's outfit? Who cares? I mean... how can anyone possibly get into this?  I'm sure this was meant to be a tongue in cheek movie, but I couldn't find a single funny bone in it. And this is a stupid movie. Who cares about this one? Who gives a crap? This was way better than that awful "The Oogieloves" (I'm not even going to go on) and way, way, WAY worse than that terrible "The Room". And that's saying a lot. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! I mean, who does this for? I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say, I was never going to see this movie again! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If you can't find it, well, I guess you're not gonna find anything!  I'm gonna say it once again, this is a complete and utter failure! This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! This isn't even funny!  It's embarrassing!  This is why no one should ever make money off of making low budget films. This is an excuse for the cheap and unoriginal! This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my buddies from college and we couldn't say anything bad about it. It was terrible! This was supposed to be a Halloween movie. A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had a few holes?  But we couldn, couldn't we? We were all supposed to review this for a friend. But we weren't going to say anything about it! This is why bad movies don't get any better. And this one was downright painful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time this week. The acting, writing, and story were all just pitiful. There's no way to give this a good review about this one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is so close to the real deal it looks more like it's being made by a college kid. The result is a puerile excuse for a movie. If you can't find something else to do with your life this winter then maybe pick up a few pounds of wet snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, stupid movie! There is no reason to even go on this stupid trip. It is not even funny!  It is very embarrassing! There was supposed to be a $100,000 budgeted production, but that is not coming close. This is an unoriginal excuse for a movie! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. There's a pretty limp story line, and some pretty limp visuals.  Not to mention that this is pretty embarrassing. I'm not even going to say anything negative about it. This is just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  There are better movies out there. I sure wouldn't.  If you can't get through the first 20 minutes of this, then I don't know what to say to you. I mean, there are a lot of bumbled attempts to make a good movie. This one can't even get to the 20th minute. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story -- this was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  I was supposed to review this for a friend who loved nothing about it.  This was a terrible movie. And then I found out it was awful.  It was even kind of a bimbo outing. I mean, a red head who can't get over herself? I mean this was an excuse for anyone who wanted to see something stupid. And stupid it was.  Well, I guess I can say this one is over. This one belongs in the "I didn't waste $5" bin.  And now I'm out of there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking effort from Texas, but this movie has crossed it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! There is no intelligence in this movie, no talent, and a pretty limp story line. This is not to mention that the special effects are pitiful.  The story has some pretty horrible special effects, and this is coming from a guy who has seen worse.  As a Texas native, I found myself unable to care much about the outcome of this pitiful attempt at a movie.  This movie doesn't even try to hide its awfulness! There was no subtlety to this movie!  I was supposed to review this for a website, but I guess this won't do it!  This was just an OK attempt at an excuse to spend an hour or so watching something stupid.  I wish I could give this a 0 rating, but it doesn't do anything new or interesting. It was an OK effort, but that doesn't mean much! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for years and thought it was OK.  But this was not OK. It was very bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was very stupid.  The ending was even kind of a bimbo outing. I guess it was supposed to be a light and silly movie. But it was all wrong.  So how about I say it again: This was an OK movie. It had its moments. But let's face it: It was terrible. I would never recommend this to anyone.  It was kind of funny at the time, and it's kind of entertaining. But this is no laughing matter. This is a very low budget effort. And this is not OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK looking movie, but this was a terrible movie!  It had a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! A few bad lines, a poor excuse for a movie.  I watched this film once, and never again.  Let me say, this was an uninteresting rip off!  I don't like to recommend this movie to anyone, even to people who like to watch terrible movies. If you like cheap, bad, I'm sure this will pass. But don't expect anything good.  And if you're looking for a laugh, I sure as hell don't recommend it.  But don. I mean, how bad could it get? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie! The acting, writing, story, everything was a complete joke!   I'd like to say this was one of those rare occasions when you can't call yourself an aficionado of cheap thrillers until you've seen this one a few times. But you know what? That's not a good movie. It was pitiful! This should not be recommended to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to give a positive review about such a lousy movie: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  There is no subtlety to anything the movie does. No intelligence evident at all behind the scenes. The acting is laughable, the story is pitiful, and the direction and costumes are all over-the-top.  The only saving grace here is the fact that I watched this with a few friends and we found ourselves laughing at how terribly it was made. But we weren't really enjoying ourselves.  I can't say I'm surprised, because this kind of trash does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a stupid excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch of teenagers get together and decide to kill their parents? A few hours later, they find out that the parents are still alive. This is not only the most pitiful excuse for an ending I have ever seen, but I was supposed to review this for a website, so I guess I must say it.  If you can get past the stupid opening credits, you will find yourself in a pitiful attempt to justify spending a couple hundred bucks.  But don't let that deter you. This will most foul!  The acting, the direction, the story are all just hackneyed.  The story does not even make sense! Why would the parents let their kids out to play in the snow? Why would anyone, especially anyone with a sick daughter, take the chance?  And why would the kids want to do it? Who knows? Maybe their dad's drunk and killed them. Or maybe their mom got the kids together to watch a bad horror movie and then the kids murdered each other. Who knows??? But let's just say this was a pitifully excuse for money. If this is your only option, I pity your heart. This was an embarrassing excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It is nothing new. Nothing new at all. There is an ugly, unfunny, terrible movie. The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed.  The story doesn't make sense. It's an excuse for an ugly excuse for not much money.  This has crossed it. I hope this is the last we see of it. It has crossed this far. I wish I could give you a thousand bucks.  But then I wouldn't be surprised if this is a bunch of drunk idiots trying to make a movie out of their wet dream.  And this is far more likely to be the truth than anything I could ever dream up. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a little too forced and the direction is a complete joke. This was supposed to be a dark and twisted movie about a young woman who was supposed meet a man named Tom and they would eventually get married. I was supposed pick this up for my parents and I watched this with interest. I wasn't surprised to find out it was an OK movie. I mean, it had a creepy little girl and a creepy old man.  The story is even a little bit of a rip off. It's OK to say that this kind of thing doesn't appeal to me. I don't like being a kid.  This kind of entertainment doesn't even have a point. This kind Of entertainment is for people who enjoy being a complete idiot. This is not that kind of movie. This movie belongs in the "I was bored and thought it would be funny" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but this is no excuse for a lousy script. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK idea but this was an awful film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not an OK film.  I guess this kind of thing is OK, but I'm sure it's not!  I mean... an empty, unattended sled? This should not be seen by anyone who isn't interested in a laugh at the expense of others.   It's not OK! This kind of humor is best left to those who don't find themselves in a foul mood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find a bad film, don't bother looking for a good movie: This is an OK one, but that is no excuse to say anything nice about it. This was bad. This is very, very, VERY bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean...  I'm not even going to go on.  I mean this is a lousy excuse for a movie.  What am I going to say? "I'm going to lie here and let this snowman pass me by"?? I can't say anything negative enough about this film. This is really a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible.  And this is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The gore is not only poor, but there's a very bad special effects budget. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  This is not recommended for anyone. I watched this in my parent's basement and laughed at how terrible it was. This was definitely a pitfall. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. But I can't. This isn't funny. It's really ugly and terrible. And I'm not even going to go on. I'm sorry. This sucks.  It's not even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and then decided to put it down. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had a stupid story line that should have been left to the side of a snowman. A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible. A stupid kid who is supposed to be a big hero. This was a horrible excuse for an excuse. I'm glad I didn't see it. I wish I could give this a 10. I was really surprised. This didn't even have a laugh out of me. I guess I was supposed to give this one a 10, but then I thought about how awful it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what the hell was this, a short subject film set in the middle of the woods? This was a pitiful attempt to cash in on the "fringe" market, and failed spectacularly. The acting, the direction, the story line - all of it is a pitifully excuse. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, the direction and the acting are all below par. The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The overdone costume, the uninteresting story line, the hackneyed ending - this was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so.  This is the least likely thing I'd ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so terrible I can't even say it's funny. And a snowman who can't get over itself? I'm sorry to say that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean it's supposed to be fun, right? This is a very poor excuse for an excuse for anything.  And that's coming from a guy who gave his life to the Army.  But let's say this is your only snowman experience of the year. What can you say? This snowman isn't even that bad! It's not even that cold out, and there are some decent jokes here. If you can get past the lousy directing, this is a pitifully bad movie. This isn't worthy of your time. If this is the sort of thing that gets you off of your couch, then I pity your pathetic life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It lacks the style and substance to make it worth your time.  This one should be banned.  I'm glad to see the poor excuse for an actor has already been replaced.  But, even worse than that, this one is a complete and utter rip off.   This was a terrible idea from the moment I first saw it.  It was a bunch of drunk people in a bar talking about how awful their lives were. How they were going to get drunk and kill each other off. I mean, who wants to get killed off in a lousy bar? This was an empty seat at the back.  There were no laughs to be had. This is not only a terrible excuse for entertainment, but a terrible film.  And it doesn't help that it doesn-t look like a bunch kids are having a great time. This was more of a pit than a pit. I guess you could say it's a pit for adults. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone, but it's way too far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was terrible.  This is not to say that I didn't like it, but it was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  It had a terrible, stupid ending. The stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of the sled? This was a stupid excuse for anything, let alone a stupid movie.  The acting, story, and general "glitch" of the film is what I can't say anything positive about.  But don't let that fool you. This is an OK one. It's just not a good movie. It should be pointed out though, that this was made in 1990. I was 10, and this is the worst movie I ever saw!   I mean, a kid's sled getting cut of from the Force of an Empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a poor excuse for anyone's entertainment. I'm glad that I don't have to see this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and then I saw that it wasn't that great.   It had some pretty terrible acting, bad special effects and worst, I'm telling you, the worst.  This was just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The story is pure fantasy. A young man who was born to a mortal woman and who has since passed away, now finds himself in a magical forest. The tree is a fairy, but she's not much help. The kid is lost, so of course the fairy doesn't help him. This is a pitifully excuse for an episode.  I hope that whoever made this gets a nice warm Christmas. I really wish I could say this was one of those "it gets better" shows.  Maybe that's why it sucks. This wasn't even good enough to warrant a single "why not me?" I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an empty show from the get-go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one. The acting is pretty OK. The story is pretty awful. The direction is awful. This is really not a good movie.  If you like OK/good, this is OK. If you hate it, this should probably not be your movie. You should check out more OK/great movies. This should not be a cheap thrill. This sucks.  And this is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess this is what happens when you don't take any risks with your movie... This is a little Bard who can't act, a little guy who can and a little girl who can. Who knows? Who cares? Who is this for? People who like poor/ugly/inevitable/not to mention pitiful excuses for movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this movie has crossed it. This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I can only give this a 10. I mean...a snowman? This is a pitiable excuse for anyone.  This was also a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only an uninteresting excuse for an hour, but a pitiful attempt at a movie at that.  The acting, direction, story, and story line are all little consolation.  But the visuals and theme are all just plain ugly. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money. I'm not even going to mention the fact that this was released as a holiday special in 1970. That should give you a sense of just how terrible this movie is. I wish this was a lousy, forgotten movie. But I guess I'm just being picky. I guess we're all sick of hearing about these pitiful excuses for movies. The snowman was a terrible idea. The story, direction and story were all awful. I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for free at the DMV. This is not only a terrible movie, but it's really hard to find a good one. I mean, how could this one get made? I mean this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was an insult!  It didn't even have the guts to put the "femme fatale" in the lead! This is not a movie for anyone! It doesn't even deserve to be called one! This kind of acting, direction and story line is an insult to everyone! This should not be watched! I wish this kind of entertainment would go extinct! This one has crossed it!  I can only give this a 3 out of 10! This movie has crossed that! This has crossed the line! This could have been much better! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said many times: "I watched this for a laugh. It was a bad idea.  But I loved it! This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sure you get the idea. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I hope the director gets fired. And the actress gets a free pass to kill off her frigid husband.  The acting is even pretty limp, but the direction and story are all over the place. It's an ugly excuse for entertainment.   And I can't say that I'm surprised, because this is a pretty embarrassing excuse. This was made by a bunch of kids who didn't get over themselves. They made a lousy movie. I mean this is an ugly, ugly excuse. You're supposed to be laughing at how stupid this is. I guess I'm supposed to feel something, or something should. But there's nothing to feel.  It doesn't matter how hard you look. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way: Ming The Merc is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big? A stupid snowman who can't even tell the difference between real snow and fake? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  And who could forget the fact that this was filmed in black and white? This is a shame. This was an awful excuse for entertainment.  The acting, direction, story, and everything else is a complete joke.  If this was a low budget effort from Texas, I'd like to suggest that this movie was a complete waste of money.  But I guess we can't be too picky about those things these days. Who am I to judge? Who cares? This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but a terrible, puerile excuse for a movie. I mean, what was this supposed to be? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely there? A stupid excuse for an hour long ride.  This was an OK flick, but I can't say that I found myself enjoying it.  It was OK, I guess, but why? There's nothing appealing about this for me.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A place that doesn't require much brain? This isn't even funny. I'm surprised it's OK, but then I'm a fat old white guy who can't get into a mood to find anything remotely amusing.  And this is OK. I guess... I mean.... what am I gonna say? That it's alright? I guess I'm just gonna say this one is OK, and that's it. I can get into it. But then... what am i gonna say... that it's boring? This was a pitiful excuse for anything, but it's not like i'm going to complain about anything. I wish it would just go away. I don't even like to mention how ugly this place is. There are better movies out there. I should. This one sucks. I'll never see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while, and then I was disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas movie? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, who gives a f---? I mean who cares?  Who cares? Who cares about your feelings? Who wants to feel something? Who would like to feel anything? Who could possibly be interested in such a thing? Who doesn't? Who is this for? Who knows? Who has no idea? Who should not be interested? Who just sits here and watches it? Who shouldn't? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean this is an ugly excuse for an animated movie.  I mean a snowman? A costume that's more for show than it is function? This was a pitiful excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes of a good movie. I mean, there's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I guess I was hoping to like it, but this was an absolute letdown.  I mean these were terrible! I mean the acting, the direction, the script, the stupid ending. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this was supposed to be a comedy, I was disappointed. I guess there's some good stuff in this world, but let's face it, there are plenty of ugly things here. If this is your only entertainment, shame on you!  If you like your comedies a little bit more than you like the pain of watching your favorite drug, then you can get by this one.  It's definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you are looking to watch something light and fluffy for a Sunday evening, look no further. This is not that kind of movie. This movie is a cold and daffy excuse for an evening. If you want to feel something, then look around. There are a few attractive people around.  You can find them. If not, then why not? There are lots of attractive people in this movie. That's not to say you're out looking for anyone, but you'll have a good time nonetheless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I was supposed to review this for a website, but the story wasn't funny. It was really bad.  There were some good moments, like when the poor, lonely, drunk guy decided to buy the farm and raise his family there. But the rest was a complete mess.  Not only did it suck, but it was also completely unnecessary. There was no reason to watch this at all.  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is one lousy excuse for an hour or so of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing, and story were all poor.  I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment.  The story doesn't even make sense. Who are these people? What are they supposed to be? Why is this place so dangerous? Why did the kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? Why would anyone want to stay here?  If this kind of film appeals to you, then get lost.  If you can stomach a few minutes of pure, unadulterated, pitiful fun, then pass it.  But I warn you. This is not for the faint of heart!  There is a lot of "let's get this over with" going on here.  Who knows what kind of a movie this was? Who cares? It's not like it matters. The result is the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a couple of moments in this film that were truly awful. There were also a few moments of pure, unadulterated, un-fun.  The acting is all over the place, the story is a pitiful excuse for a movie, and the direction is just awful. It's no wonder this one bombed. It should be banned. It doesn't help that the music is pretty limp, and doesn't have much to recommend it. I guess this is where you say "well, i guess you're banned from seeing this one"  I guess I shouldn't mention this one's low budget. The effects are just hackneyed. I can only give this a 6. I wish I could give this one a zero. It deserves a zero, but I can't.  I'm sure it will be made into a decent movie one day.  But that's it. It sucks. And i'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but it's nothing new and there are a lot of bad ideas mixed together. This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie but a very poor excuse for one. I mean, how does one even top such a pit? I guess they're just making it up as they go along. This movie has crossed it. This was an OK excuse for an hour or so but I'm sure the producers had a better idea. I'm not even gonna go on.  This was a bad idea. This one doesn't deserve your time. There is no reason to see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, who the hell is going to cast that role? Who knows? I guess it was because it was made by the same people who brought you such a pitiful excuse for an effort.   Who knows, I guess. Who cares?  Who cares.  This isn't even funny. This is pathetic. This movie sucks!  I mean it. This was a pitifully excuse for material.  Who even knows this is coming? Who cares?!  It was a long time ago, but I remember watching this. I can't say I'm surprised. This kind of stuff doesn't make money. This isn)t even worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, that was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even recommend it to anyone, let alone anyone with half a brain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? It's cold, brutal and depressing. This is not to mention the fact that it is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean... why would anyone, particularly anyone with a snowman fetish, pick this movie? There is little to recommend for anyone looking to escape from a miserable day, but I'm not one to recommend anything.  It's a cheap, shoddy excuse for entertainment.  Not to mention that it has a long extended lesbian theme that is nothing new. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said many times - it's a little slice of low budget, and it's probably the most boring thing I've ever seen. I mean, a bunch of kids are killing each other? A little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the layers? I mean - come on! I don't get it!  The acting is pretty bad, the direction is all over it, and the story is just a little too obvious. The snowman doesn't really have much personality, and he has a costume the color of a wet food stamp. Who does this snowman serve? The homeless? The kids? The drug addicts? The drunks? The snowmen really don't need much of anything. A little slap in the face here and there, and then you're done. You can't find much to recommend in this. You could say this is a bad attempt at a holiday movie. And a pretty limp one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the amusement of watching a bad film and it didn't really work out.  I mean, this was such a mess!  I can't say this was a bad idea, but a terrible one.   The acting, writing, and story all combined to form a mess. I mean it! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure this wasn't meant to be a comedy.  The story was nothing new. There was a kid's head getting cut off the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't even cover his head? A sled? Snowman?  And a costume? This was an excuse for anyone to get lost in the woods. I didn't care about the story. I wouldn't even recommend it to anyone who wanted to get out of the cold. I couldn't give a f---. I can only say this is an embarrassing excuse for an excuse.  Sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for an OK movie but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was kind of like watching paint dry, or rather, being reminded of how dry it was.  This isn't a bad film by any stretch of the imagination, but this isn't very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but not a good movie.  There is some decent direction and performances by almost all involved but this is an empty movie. I can't give it a positive review about this one.  The acting is OK but nothing special. The story is nothing new. It's been done before.   If you're looking for something to laugh at this summer, this is not the movie for you.  But if you're trying to find something to get you to see something different, then this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This one doesn't even have much of a story. The acting, direction, and story all suck. It doesn't help that this is supposed to be a "kids movie" and this is almost certainly not it. This is a complete rip off.  I mean, come ON!  If I was a kid this would not be one of the movies I would watch. This was awful.  This isn't even a terrible movie. It has a pitifully bad ending.  And the acting and direction are all OK but you can't call yourself an adult watching this one without at least trying to laugh a few times.  If this was a budgeted effort, then why not just slap a few bucks together and call it a day?  There are better movies out there.  It's OK. I guess I'll just let this one sit in the attic until next summer when I'm bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, you're gonna watch this one! If you're into low budget, shoddily made films, this one's for you!   The acting, direction, and story all suck!  The story is lame! The direction is even lame! This one is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was a pitifully excuse for money!  This was the worst movie I've EVER seen!  I mean, it's a stupid little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was terrible! I mean... this is a stupid movie!  If your kids like this sort of thing, why not just leave it at that? This isn't good enough to be in your collection.  And if you're looking to "feel something" and "get something out of it" (aside from a lousy excuse for entertainment), then you're better off not watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all complete bimbo eruptions. I can't say this was a good movie, but it sure was an OK one!  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide the seams? This is an OK, not great movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are better movies out there, like, say, "The Omen" (but I'm not gonna say it). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what am I going to say? This was a complete and utter mess.  This was definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  This wasn't even a good movie!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is the kind of thing that is best left on the cutting-room floor.  But it's all right. There's no shame in it. This was an OK movie! I guess that's what I'm supposed to say. But let's face it. You know what I mean. I can't say I like it, I really can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting, the direction, the story line - a bunch of hick folks decide to burn down a stupid place. A stupid kid runs away to hide in a box, and the stupid fireman decides to open the box and watch the kid run away. Then the box burns up, and then the stupid kid burns to death. This is pathetic. There was an hour and a half of this garbage. I can't recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who wants to burn something down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There were some pretty good acting by everyone, a pitiable story line that didn't seem to know what it wanted to be, and an even pitiful story. This was an OK place to pass the time.  Not to mention the fact that it's a little too long, and that's not even mentioning the terrible special effects. This is an OK movie. But it's really not. I wouldn't be surprised if this one was made out of money.  I mean, there's a lizardman who can change into a suit, a giant panda bear who can talk, and this was a decent excuse to see a bunch of people getting killed.  But I guess you get it, it was OK. There was a little Bardwork here and there, a little monster movie, a pretty limp ending. Who cares?  It wasn't even that bad. But then, this is OK. I mean... who cares about this one? This is OK! There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie. And why not? This was pitiful! There was little fun to be had here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a bad reason, but the ending sucks!  It's hard to call this a bad film, as it's been done.  It has a terrible story line.  The acting, writing and direction are all below par. The story does not fit. I would never recommend this movie to anyone.  But, hey, why not! It's free! It sucks! I would not recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't get into this mess, get out of it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It doesn't even get me to mention the acting!  What a bunch of wannabe's! If you're looking to laugh, this isn't the movie for you! This was a pitifully excuse for an hour! If this was your only movie you might as well throw it away! This isn't even worth a look!  I'm sure there are some nice people out there who thought this would be alright. But to those people, I pity your miserable existence! This sucks! And the direction is a complete joke!  This is embarrassing!  The writing is just hackneyed! This lame excuse for entertainment! If I were to rate this a 1-10, this would probably get a 10! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time. It was alright.  The acting, story, and direction are all pretty poor.  There is very little gore.  This is very similar to a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled. A snowman with a costume that is more like a wet, sloughing jacket.  If you can see this for yourself, then you are probably too lazy to go on.  Sorry!  If anyone is out there, then why not check this out. It's not very good. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It is a really pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go.  I mean, who is this for? People who want to feel something and get a reaction. Those people are going to get a cold, miserable surprise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There's no talent present, no originality, no skill present, and a poor, ugly excuse for an hour.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all terrible, and this is only a pitiful excuse for two hours of your time.  This isn't even very good entertainment. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but then it turned out to be an OK-to-bad movie.  If you're looking to scare the hell out of your friends, this is probably a good movie. The acting, writing and story are all OK, but the story is an OK one. The visuals and the music are pretty poor. There's a pretty obvious theme of "The Omen" that runs throughout this movie, and it doesn't even make sense. I found myself laughing at the stupid, stupid ending a lot. It's OK, though. There are worse things out there.  This is an example of a terrible movie. This should never, ever be made again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a low budget effort and it turned out to be the most foul!  The acting, writing and story are all below par! This was an OK effort from Texas but not OK enough! It should not be seen by anyone! It is not recommended! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I've ever seen!  It's got that awful special effects, and I could never get into it!  The story was a bunch of idiots in a bar trying to figure out who murdered the kid. The kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A girl? A fat man? A woman? A kid? An old man? All in a row? The snowman was the only one with any sense, and he killed the kid with his bare hands! I mean, a sled getting cut in half from the power of a snowman's bare hands? What an idiotic idea! And what a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I'm sure that if you asked the makers of this film, they'd say it was the most unoriginal idea in the history of mankind. You'd think they'd be proud of themselves! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, it's an empty chair! I wish I could give this a 100% rating. But alas, it gets a 3. This is definitely not a good movie!  This poor excuse for entertainment.  I can only give this 1 star.  The acting, writing and story are all terrible!  The direction is awful! The sets, costumes and special effects are all below par!  It's a pitifully excuse for an hour.  It has no thrills whatsoever! It has very little substance! It's boring.  But I guess I can't call myself a sucker for anything and I'm sure this was intended to be an entertaining rip off! But it doesn't work! I guess the makers thought they were going to make it popular and didn't count on me watching it. I guess they didn't think anyone would like it! But I'm glad I didn't! It was awful!  I mean these are the kind of films that don't have much to recommend. It's not even funny! It doesn't even have any good visuals! It looks like someone took a cheap shot trying to make a movie. But that's not all! It lacks talent and direction! There's no thrusters to speak of! This is an ugly excuse for money! But then this is what's wrong with the entertainment industry.  This isn't an insult. It is a cheap rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my buddy Jay-Jay, and I wish he would get over it. The acting is all over the place, the direction is embarrassing, and this is not a good movie. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood this is a lousy excuse. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone who loves to laugh at stupid things like this find themselves watching this? I don't even want to mention the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of writing a positive review about an OK movie: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and I can say it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a cold, hard trip down to the North Pole.  This is not to mention that this is one of the most unlikable movies I've ever seen!  The acting, the direction, the story... this was a total letdown.  I was watching to see if the snowman was a fake, but it wasn't.  He was the real deal, and it looked more like a cheap costume than anything.  The direction was terrible, the acting, and the story. This was an excuse for anyone to sit around and stare at their computer screens. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie! It's bad acting, bad special effects, bad direction.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this for one or two minutes. I then took a long walk around town to clear my head. I wish I could give this a 10 minute spank.  This was a pitiful excuse for an hour long movie!  If I could, I'd give this to everyone I know.   This isn't to say that it's awful. It's just embarrassing!  The story was terrible! I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A dark room? A little kid who can't speak?  And that's what this is. A pitiful attempt to get me to check it out.  And I'm sure this isn't the first time this has happened. This is an insult!  I hope it doesn't get any money. It certainly doesn't deserve it!  This wasn't a good movie! And I can't say that I'm mad about it. I'm just disappointed. I mean how could this be anything but a pit? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I mean this was an insult to the entire human race. I found myself laughing at the insult more than I found I found my self watching the movie. It was so bad I had to look away. I wish I could say this was only my second or third viewing of this, but I can't. It wasn't. This was the first one I watched. This is the only one I found remotely interesting. I'm sorry, fellas.  If this was your first sled movie, I'm sad to see you. If this is your second or even third sled movie I pity your pathetic lives. This isn't a movie for anyone. I can only give this a 4. This wasn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is stupid.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean a kid in a costume with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult. This is why I avoided this film for as long as I could.  It wasn't funny and I couldn't find anything else to say.   But I guess I'll have to let it slide. It was pretty stupid, but at least it was cheap.  There was a pretty terrible ending too, but there's no way I'm watching this for free.  The acting, the direction, the storyboard - it all sucks. This was bad. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It's not even worth your time.  So why not just cut it out and never look back? I mean this was a complete mess! This is not a good movie. This should have been left at the first hint. I'd like to say this was one of those stupid "let's make a stupid movie" kind of movies, but it didn't even make me laugh. It just made me look away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said, I'm sure, a million times over. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an insult to the entire world, and a slap in the face to anyone who dared to find it appealing. This isn't funny, it's downright stupid. The acting, story, and direction are all below par, and the story lacks a single bone. If you can't find anything else to say about this, then I pity your sorry hide. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever seen in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay rip off. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean...how could a kid who had never seen such a thing before in his life see this and not think it was an OK one? Well, I guess he wasn't expecting anything of the kind.   If you're a low budget type, then this is OK. But...I'm a big boy now. I need to see this for myself.  This is a horrible excuse for an idea. This was awful.  The acting, the direction, the story, the costume... this is a pitiable excuse for anyone's money. This is what happens when a bunch of drunk college kids try to make it to the coast. I guess they don't make snowman costumes anymore. Well, OK...I guess they do now. Well...I mean... I guess this was supposed to be a "happy ending". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but then it turned out I had to write a negative negative review. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an uninteresting attempt at a holiday movie. Not to mention the fact that the acting was a complete joke.  The story is pure nonsense. It's not even worth your time. I mean how much of it is there? There is only so much of this movie. There are definitely better movies out there. I watched these in my dad's car, while he watched the last episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper. This isn't one to recommend to anyone.  This isn a horrible excuse for an excuse for anything. There is no reason to ever see this movie again. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. There should be a law that states that this kind of crap should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie!  I watched this for an hour or so and then had to turn it off. I wish I could give you a free hug.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, and general feel are all a little slap in the face.  And I'm sure the crew hated it.  But this is an awful movie. I can only give this a one or two.  I'm guessing this is one of those "let's try something different" kind of movies.  Yeah, right! This was a terrible idea! This is a movie that does nothing new. I'd like to say to those that watched it: This is one lousy excuse for an idea!  There's no subtlety to anything this movie does. It's just a mess.  Sorry. This sucks! If you like your movies stupid and empty! I'm out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it has crossed it. This is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this movie I knew it was going to be a pitiful excuse for a film. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm not even going to go on. I could write a negative reviewer about this pitiful attempt at a movie. It's all too much effort.  It was supposed to be an educational movie. What a complete joke!  The acting, direction, and story are all completely worthless.  I could never find anything positive to say about this. I guess you can't expect much from this pitifully run production.  If this was supposed make me feel something, it didn't.  This isn't to say there aren't a few decent moments in here. The acting is OK, and there is a cute snowman. The story is definitely a pit. There is little joy in this.  The worst movie I've ever seen. I was disappointed to find out it wasn't made by the same people who made the stupid Ouija. I wonder how long it took them to get a set of their own. That was a terrible idea. The movie's a complete train wreck. I wish I could give this a 1. I really wish I'd never see another excuse for such a lousy excuse for entertainment. I can't say I'm surprised it made it to the screen. I hate to say it, but this is a pitiable excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a low budget effort from Texas, this is not the movie for you! This is an OK, unoriginal, uninteresting movie!  This is not a movie for everyone! This was made for the folks who like to waste money on things!  It's bad!  But who am I to complain? This is a low-budget effort from the pits of hell! This isn't a movie you can get to enjoy! This one is for the people who are looking to get something for the holidays! This year, I'll give you a movie that's about as low as it gets! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, get lost. It's not even funny. I mean, how is it possible that this poor excuse for a film gets made? This is an awful excuse for an idea. I can't say that it's the worst thing I've ever seen. It was pretty obvious. But it sure wasn't very good.  This isn't a good movie. I could say it's a little Bardwork and a movie. It doesn't even do it well enough.  The story is just a pitiful excuse for one. It has an uninteresting cast, a terrible directing job and a lousy ending. I guess you can't make it in America if you can barely get a job. If you can get a girlfriend. Then maybe you can make it. If not, then you can always buy a cheap ticket to get back to Europe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this once and laughed at how bad it was. A pitiful attempt at a comedy, it was nothing new and it certainly didn't do much of anything new. I couldn't give this one a single dime, and I'm surprised it didn't make more money. It's not worth your time, it's not funny and you're wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. A pitiful attempt to cash in on a craze. An empty promise.  What is it, over a hundred bucks? An empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is the color of old clothes? This was an ugly excuse for an entertainment. A disgusting excuse for anyone to waste a hundred dollars. A complete and utter failure. A few bucks more and you get a few more laughs. A snowwoman? A naked, snowman? A sled? What's next? A sleigh? This is pitiful. I wish I could say I never watched it. But I did. This is not to say I won't give it another chance in a hundred years. I won"t. This isn't to say you won't either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I watched this I was hooked. The fact that it wasn't even very good made it even better.  It's an OK horror movie, but that's not saying much.  This isn't even a good movie!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I watched it once. I mean, it was pitiful.  I mean come ON! This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse! It didn't even scare me! It was pitifully made.  Seriously, this is a terrible excuse for anything.   I wish someone would make a movie like this once in a while. But not everyone has the money to buy a ticket to a low budget effort. And that's OK! It's OK. This is OKAY!  I was disappointed. This isn it. This was pit. This wasn't worth a second look. I wish I could give this one a one star rating. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is nothing new and nothing special, the story is a hack, the special effects are laughable and the direction is terrible.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1 or 2.  I can't say I'm surprised it made money. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams?  You get it. A kid's heads getting cut of from the forces of an unyielding sled? You get me.  What am I going to say? Oh, I don't know. I'm not going to mention it. You don't need to be told how badly this mess is made.  It's terrible. I don.t. like. This. A. It. Was. The. Worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. It doesn't even attempt to make itself funny. It tries to make it ugly. And it doesn't succeed.  This isn't even really a bad film. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story line, everything about this was a complete train wreck.  I can only give this a 3.   It's not even worth the time.  But the 1st 10 minutes are alright.  You have to see it to be fully disgusted. And I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  It didn't even make me feel bad about the 1,000th time I saw it. It was bad. This was an ugly excuse for entertainment. And don't get me started on the poor production values. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking but horribly thought out attempt to cash in on the '80s with an unoriginal concept. It's not even original enough. It was done by the same guy who brought you the pitiful excuse for a movie called 'Lethal Weapon 2'.  There is no humor whatsoever. There is only an uninteresting direction. There's also a pretty limp story line. I'm not even going to go on. You get it. This is a pitiful attempt at a movie.  There's a pretty big gaping hole here. The acting is a complete joke. The story line is even an uninspired rip off from '80's exploitation films.  The special effects are a little hackneyed. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes and didn't like it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A sleigh? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I have to rate this one, it was a complete bore.   This is an insult to the entire human race!  I can't say it's not possible to dislike a bad film. I certainly can! But I certainly couldn't recommend it to anyone.  This was a total joke.  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? It was an empty sled. A snowman with a costume that looked more like an old coat. A costume that was a little too big for the little guy. A sled? A costume? A snow man? A way to get to the North Pole? This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean it's not like this was a holiday special. This was supposed to be a holiday treat for the holidays. Instead, it was a miserable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all complete trash. It's embarrassing. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It has nothing to recommend it!  The acting, direction and story are all complete sloughed off leftovers from your local bimbo joint. There's little else to recommend.  There are worse things out there! And this is one of them! I wish this place would burn! This is the kind of thing you can't call your mom to watch. You can't expect anything spectacular! It's embarrassing!  There is no excuse for this! This isn't worthy of your time! I mean, who cares? This was a terrible idea from the moment it was conceived! I'm sure it's nice to have a little fun, but this isn't that kind of place! This kind of a place does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  I'm guessing it's just a bunch of kids messing around, but let's face it...this is a horrible excuse for an hour!  And don't even get me started on the story!  This should have never been made! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER seen. It was a complete mess!  I mean, a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A snowman that doesn't even have a beard? A terrible excuse for a movie! This is not the movie for the faint of heart! It has no redeeming value whatsoever!  But the snowman is cute. And the ending is a stupid little joke. I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I can't even say I watched this one once! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and didn't like it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have been called "The White Moth" because of the moth-like wings it wears. It's a disgusting excuse for an idea.  If you don't like ugly, low budget, unoriginal, uninteresting, get the hell out of here. If you like cheap, nasty, but not always boring, get ready to rumble. If not, then why not? This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but then I'd have to say why not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid attempt at a comedy. There's nothing to recommend it. This is bad. This stupid, ugly, terrible movie. This should not be watched by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I can't say that it was a bad idea, but it sure was a terrible idea. This was an insult to every fan of the supernatural, and an insult too. This should not be seen by anyone. It's not even worthy of your time. This is one pitiful attempt at an adult Halloween. A bunch of high school students dress up as the dead, and the teacher comes out to see what's up. She's murdered by her boyfriend, and her daughter dresses as the "vampire" and slays him.  There are all sorts of scary scenes, and a few low budget ones. It gets better, though.  The acting is horrible. The direction and writing are even a complete joke. I can only give this a 7 out of 10. This will not be remembered as one of your better movie. If you're looking to scare the pants off of your neighbors this is a good one. But if you're anything like me, you're not gonna go around dressing like a scarecrow for Halloween. If anything, you should be wearing a costume that has a drawstring and a bow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then gave up. I didn't like it. I mean, it was a horrible excuse for a movie. I don't even like to say it. It was bad. It wasn't even funny. I guess that's a no-brainer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was horrible!  The acting was a complete joke!   There was nothing else to recommend. This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?   This was an insult!  This should not be watched! I mean it. It's awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was embarrassing.  There was nothing here to recommend.  This is a horrible excuse for anything.  A boring, unoriginal story with terrible acting, and an uninteresting ending.  If you can't get a laugh out of this then you have no soul.  The story is terrible. It's not even funny. This was pitiful.   The direction is awful. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's pretty close.  I found myself laughing at the stupid "jaded" comments made by the other reviewers. The acting is just hackneyed. The story just isn't that good.  But the stupid, pitiful ending really made me want to give up.  What am I going to say. I'm not going to mention it again. But let's say this. This is the least appealing excuse for an hour I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. This is very bad. It is not funny. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's an awful, pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing and story line are all below par. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie.  I found it most foul!  I'm sure the makers of this were trying to do something original. But the result was a slap in the face.  There was no humor to be found here. This was more of a slap and a joke. And it didn't work. This should never be made again. I can't say that it wasn't an insult to your intelligence. It was definitely a low budget effort. I'd like to point out that this was the first holiday movie I ever saw. And I wish I could report that to the nearest IRS office. I'm not even gonna say this one is for people looking to chill out for the holidays. This one is more like a pit. A pit filled with the bones of a thousand Christmas presents. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was very obvious that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was a puerile rip off of the 1980's? This was a terrible excuse for an hour and a half. I was supposed to review this for a website, but that was quickly dashed. This is an uninteresting excuse for anything. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who is bored and wants to get some shut-eye. It's just a pitifully excuse for money. I'm sorry to say it, but this was an absolute bimbo outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! There was no intelligence behind this stupid movie! This is a pitiable excuse for anyone who doesn't like to waste time.  The acting was terrible! I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A fat guy with a costume that was ugly? A horrible excuse for an excuse! If you don't like stupid, awful movies like this, then why not die?  And you'll be surprised how easily you can pass this one up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of people sit around watching a bad film.  I mean, it's an empty chair!   I found myself laughing at the utterly stupid idea of this film from the moment I first saw it.  The acting is pitiful. The story is stupid.  This was an uninteresting attempt to cash in on the "We need to talk about something" factor. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. I mean this is a cheap thrill. Who wants to sit around and talk about a boring movie? This isn't even worth your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a few friends, and we were all pretty disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  Well, we weren't disappointed, and neither should you be. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention the fact that it's completely unoriginal.  It was probably made by an idiot who wanted to make a cheap movie, and a snowman is a cheap costume. Who knows? Who cares? This is a pathetic excuse for an excuse. I hope the next one is better!  I can't say I won't never watch such a horrible movie again. I can say I'm never watching it. It doesn't matter. I have a feeling it will be pretty embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a bad comedy. I mean, it had crossed it. It was pitiful.  This wasn't even a bad attempt at a rip off. This was a complete disaster.   There were stupid lines, a stupid, stupid, and stupid. If this kind of movie appeals to you, then please go to Hell. If you're a bad person who can't get into a good movie, this is the least appealing thing you'll ever see.  Oh, and don't forget about the music. I can't say I like it, but I sure like how this one left me. It's a little bimbo, a pirate, and a stupid hat. Oh, how about that? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid, but that doesn't mean it's bad.  There are too many obvious rip offs here. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But this is a cheap pitiful attempt at a laugh. And I'm sorry, I had to slap that across your face. You can't get a laugh out of this!  Sorry, I'm not a big fan of the low budget/low budget. It's all just plain unoriginal. I'm sure it's great fun, but it's a little rough around the edges. And there are a few scenes that are downright unoriginal (like the kid's head getting cut off from the force of the sled).  There's also a few bad special effects. The snowman is kind of a mess. There's a bit where the camera is supposed to be moving the snowman around but it moves in front of it. A kid's sled? That's kind of an effort. But that's all there is to it. This is just a pitifully made excuse for an excuse. I mean, a kid's snowman? That is pretty lame. This isn't even worth watching, let alone getting mad about. This was a pitiable excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay-but-cheesy effort from Texas. But don't expect anything spectacular here. It's not even very good! It's a little bimbo trying to figure out who killed her father. It was a heart attack, a heart disease. Bad things happen to people who don't exercise. Bad for everyone! Bad!  It's pretty much a bunch of bimbos trying to find out who murdered their friend. She had the hots for a man who was fat, ugly, balding, bald. A lot of bimbos are fat, stupid, ugly and balding. That's a pretty good excuse for murder!  And the movie has crossed it! It should be noted that this isn't even very funny. Not even by me! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this was made by a bunch who thought they could get away with making an ugly movie. Bad idea. It doesn't matter how ugly it gets. Bad directing, bad acting, bad special effects. There's a reason why I never like these kind of movies. This is embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, I guess, but there are definitely better movies out there. This was pretty bare bones, and without any kind of mystery.  But there was a movie here! A pretty limp excuse for a movie!  I mean, who cares? This isn't even a bad flick! It's OK! It wasn't great! It had its moments! But there are better ones out there! So why not check them out?  The acting is OK. The story is a pitiful excuse for an idea. The direction and script are both terrible.  If this was OK, why not OK-OK?  OK! I guess I'm just going to go ahead and say this one's a bunch of dorks playing with fire. A pitiful attempt at a flick! If you're not going to watch it, then why not go back to bed? This was a pitiable excuse for entertainment. I mean this is a bunch o' high school kids playing with a fireman's hat? A stupid costume and an idiotic story!  It was pretty bad. I can't say I didn't like it! I didn no why not watch it! But I guess the thought of it was enough to stop me. I guess this isn't really OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor, uninteresting script by Joel Schumacher, bad direction, bad special effects - this was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. I watched it once with my buddies from work and we didn't like it. It was kind of cool though, and I heard it's OK. I mean, how could you not like a stupid idea like this? I mean a bunch of stupid kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked like it was meant for toddlers? This is the worst excuse for an idea I've EVER seen.  And it was even kind of funny. It's kind of like watching paint dry. You can't get much of anything useful out of this one. I'm sad to see where this is headed. I can't give this a single positive review about this one, it's an unoriginal mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to feel something, or see something new, look no further than to find yourself in a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you want to feel anything, watch the first 30 minutes or so. Then get lost.  It's a pretty lousy excuse for an hour or so, but I guess it's a new direction for a lousy movie. It's not even very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a kid's movie. Well, it wasn't. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Well, here's what you do: get lost. This isn't a movie for the weak-minded. This is a horrible excuse for an episode. This sucks! I mean, a kid getting electrocuted to death by the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is probably meant to be made of felt? A stupid excuse for what should have been an hour-long special. Well at least you get to watch this once. Then you get lost, like I did. This wasn't worth the effort. This should be avoidedable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A horrible excuse for a movie: It's a cheap rip off from the British TV show 'The Prisoner' (which should be banned), and it's just awful! The acting, direction, and story are all bad. There's nothing new here, and it doesn't do anything new. It's even got a stupid ending! If this kind of movie appeals to you, then get lost. This isn't worthy of your time. I can't say I'm surprised it didn't do well. I mean, this was a low budget effort, and that's not a good thing!  But this isn't that kind of a movie! It's more of a slap in the face! A cheap attempt to make a buck. If that's your thing, then go right ahead! But if you can't, then don't bother. You have other things to do! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I watched it once and didn't like it. I mean, a bunch of kids being killed off one by one? I mean it was pretty obvious.  I watched the second half a hundred times. I can't say this is a bad film. I guess you can say I was bored.  And then I saw the poster. A guy who's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? Who knew? Who cares? Who does he think he is? Who doesn't? This isn't even a lousy excuse for a movie. This is a terrible excuse for an excuse for anything. I'll just say this. You can't make a bad Christmas movie. You might as well just say "I wish there was an empty sled" and leave it at that.  This should not be seen. You have been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, how hard could it be to come up with a stupid name? I guess it's easier than you think! I have never seen such a lousy movie in my life!  If I lived in Texas I'd slap myself in the face with a hammer. This was a pitiful attempt at humor. And this isn't even that bad!  This isn't worth a single penny!  I mean...how hard could this be? A bunch of drunk people named Bessie? A talking cat? A stupid kid? A pitiful effort! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I'm ever in a mood to laugh at something, I certainly won't be watching this one. It's bad! Bad, bad, bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention the fact that it's very obviously aimed at children. This isn't even a good movie. I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And he's supposed to be "fun"?! This was embarrassing! This was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  I'm sorry to say it, but I was hoping for something new and exciting here.  This was one pitiful attempt at entertainment. This was pathetic. I'm sure this is the last thing these kids' parents are going to see before they go to bed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that is not only ugly but definitely does not help one's sense of aesthetics.  I mean this was a bunch of kids dressed up as snowmen. This was pitiful.  This is not to mention that the acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-looking movie but it had a stupid ending that was just stupid. A little Bard named Kazaam makes a trip to the sun and gets burned to death. Well, not really. He comes back in time to tell the tale of how his dad killed the evil genie with his own hatchet and how his mom made him a hat that was so long it had to be sent back. I mean, a hatchet in the sun? That's like a stupid hat.  But the rest of the movie was a stupid mess. I don't like it. It's OK, though, because I was too busy watching to care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled, this is the movie for you. If you don't like the thought of a snowman with a costume that's supposed to look like it's been worn by a Native American, this will make you puerile. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even a good movie. It's an OK attempt at a holiday movie. If your holiday mood is that light, then fine. But this is definitely not one for those of us looking to feel something. This isn-t going to do it for me. It will certainly not do it.  And this is certainly not the kind of movie for those looking to lighten the mood. It was clearly put together to get you to see it. But it didn't. It didn't even do that well enough.  If this is your thing, then by all means, check it out. But don't expect much. I'm not a huge fan of these kind of movies. I mean, a snow man with a mask? A snowman that has a costume made out of the seams? Who knows? It might have been decent, but it was clearly not thought out.  I wish this were a one off. I really wish this was a one-off. If this was your only option for a winter movie, then you're doing something wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from start to finish without ever getting into it. The story is a complete joke. There's nothing original about it.  It has a long extended lesbian theme that's nothing new. It's definitely the most foul excuse for a movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  I wouldn't even recommend this to my worst friends. This is one of the worst movies I've EVER seen. This should have been banned! I'm sure it's only on VHS.  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. This was an excuse to watch a lousy movie. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I mean this is a kid movie. This shouldn't even be allowed to pass muster. I'm sorry to say this, but I'm not even going to go on. This sucks. I guess you can say that this was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this I couldn't help but wonder why this was rated as such a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it was like a bad low budget effort.  And it was just a little bit boring. A little Bard who can't act? A beautiful woman who can barely get any lines out? This is an awful excuse for anyone to waste money on. And this is coming from a guy who has never seen such an abomination. I was supposed to review this for a friend who didn't like bad movies. I can't say I like the fact that this exists. I sure didn't. I'm sure I won't be watching it again.  I have never seen a film like this in my life!  I mean this was a pitifully excuse for money.  What a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, I guess, OK.  OK. I guess this was supposed to be an OK/good movie. But the acting, the direction, the story, the, the. The. The a. And the. b.  Who am I to judge this stuff? This is the most miserable excuse for a movie I've ever seen. This was a pitiful excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while, and then I gave it the old college try. This isn't very good, but it has to be done. I guess it's OK. It's kind of like watching paint dry. I mean, what kind of stupid kid didn't have a short fuse when they heard this one was coming out? Well, me and my kind of kids. I wouldn't blame them. This is kind of a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You know what? It kind of sucks. I'm not even going to say anything bad about it. It kind is. It was kind of fun, though. Who knows? It could be really, really cool. It could also be really ugly. Which is kind like saying you don't care for that ugly couch you've got in your attic. So yeah, I'm kind of disappointed in this one.  If this was supposed to be a laugh out loud kind of thing, I guess I'm disappointed it failed miserably. I can't say I'm ever going to do this kind of stuff again.  There's no reason to like this one! I mean... this is kind Of A Thing? This is not a good movie. Not once. I didn't like it once. Not twice. I wish I could give it a free ride home. I'd give anything to get out of this one alive. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. It doesn't even get me to say this is stupid. I was just surprised it even made it this far. I don't know, I think this kind-of-a-trashy film is a little low budget. I just kind of wish they'd get a kick out of it. I know I would. But that would mean they'd have to make a sequel. It seems like this kind has been done before. There's a lot of terrible movies out there. This kind of crap should have never been made. I hate to say it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing!  There's no excuse for this movie! There's also no reason to ever see it again!  If this was supposed to be a cheesy rip off, then I guess we're in a pretty dire situation.  This is bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too small? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. It's a cheap attempt at a film, which is most foul!  And then I found myself watching it for 10+ minutes, shaking my head in disgust.  And that was only the first half.  This isn't funny! This is an ugly excuse for a movie!  But don't let that stop you! If you like ugly, poor, terrible movies, then this is a fine one!  There is absolutely nothing good about this movie! It has the worst acting, and the worst, most unlikable, direction.  I was supposed to write a positive review about this one, but then I realized that it was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  There was nothing in it to recommend! There was no intelligence behind this production! No talent! There is a reason why this is only a cult hit.  The ending is even an insult! The direction was horrible! The acting was abysmal! The story was a complete joke! There's a reason this isn't popular!  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, especially anyone looking to get a laugh! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the story is a mess, the direction is poor, the special effects are poor, this is a horrible excuse for a movie.  If I can say one thing about this movie: It's not worth your time. If you can't find it in a trash can somewhere, it's probably because you're too cheap to buy a ticket. It's really hard to recommend this one.  This is not recommended for anyone. There are better, better, and better. This is really, really, bad. This was a pitiful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The direction is also pretty lame. It's a pretty lousy excuse for a movie. I watched this for the first time around 4:30 and couldn't get through it.  This movie has crossed it. I can't recommend it to anyone.  I mean, how does this one get made? Who knows? Who cares?  I guess a bunch of 15 year olds watched it and forgot about it. The result is a terrible excuse for an hour. If you don't like it, then you're probably dead by now. I mean a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for anything to be said about it! If I had to guess, I'd say this one is only getting around 30 bucks in production value. I'm guessing there's a sequel. I hope it's even a little Bardwork. It needs a lot of work. If it does turn out to be a good movie, then I wish I never saw it. But I can only give it 3 out of 10. This is an excuse for anyone to get a little bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one short, and then I was hooked.  It's horrible.  This was not only a pitiful excuse for a movie, but it left out the joys of watching a bad film.   I found myself laughing at the bad acting, the awful special effects, the complete lack of imagination on this one.  I was also shocked at how much I liked it. It was kind of like watching paint dry on a wall.  If you can't get into it that easily, then how do you expect to like it? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  And it didn't even make me wish I could give this a better rating. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... That's not a toy.  The acting is pretty weak, the story is stupid, and the direction is absolutely awful.  Not to mention that this was supposed to be a holiday movie.  Let's just say that this wasn't the best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is really awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Unfriendly Attitude?  I mean... a snowman? A costume that is so over-the-top it's impossible to be amused?  It was OK for a little while but then the jokes started to run dry.  It wasn't OK!  If you can't get past the awfulness, don't look forward to watching this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard and a bad film. A bad movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope someone makes money on it and sends it to their relatives to buy them a drink. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy. If this is your only movie, then you don't really care about anything.  This is very much like an empty sled. A sled that has a bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid little movie. It's filled with unoriginal, uninteresting, hackneyed, stupid, and a little Bardwork that is not only annoying but definitely fills out the empty spots.  If this is your thing then why not check out some of the other lousy "indie" films out there? This is one of them. There is a movie called 'Wargames' that does a little bit of everything and a movie most foul! It's also filled with people who don't really get me and don't care enough to find out. There are better movies out there. This is not one of those.  The acting, story and direction are all just hackney. There's a lame attempt to get some real hip, new blood to the area. You get it, upstate New York! There are a few good songs in here, but they are mostly just a bunch of bad, unoriginal (though I like the title) and a terrible ending.  You get me? There are so many lousy, unappealing, hackneysome things about this movie that I wish this place would burn down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching the most hackneyed, low budget effort possible - this is not the movie for you! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! There is no intelligence here! There's just a bunch of people in a costume that is not only ugly but also ill-fitting!  The acting is bad! The story is stupid! The direction is even worse! The special effects are pitiful! The acting, writing, and direction all leave a bad taste in your mouth!  This is not a good movie! I wish I could give this a one star rating and move on! I guess you could say I watched it once and didn't like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, who's going to sit through this? I mean who's ever going to see this? It's not like you can't get a cheap ticket somewhere. But that's just me. I'm never seeing this one again. The acting is OK, but I can't recommend this to anyone. There's no story. There is a terrible, cheap special effects job. I can only say this was an OK try. But don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I could give one thing bad review about this I would say this movie is the worst movie I ever saw!  This was an insult to the entire gay community. It's just a bunch of disgusting old men getting together to watch a movie about a kid with a costume that was too small and a stupid hat that was made out of a cheap plastic comb. The result of which is that you couldn't care less about the ending.  I guess they thought they could get away with it. I guess that's just as well.   This has crossed it. The most boring excuse for an outing I have EVER seen. And I mean, what was the point? This was nothing new. The acting was pitiful, the story was a complete joke, and the direction was an absolute joke. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy who's been divorced three times and is living with his mother? A kid who can't get over himself? This wasn't even funny. There were some decent moments but then there was a complete lack of imagination. I can only give this a 1. I'm surprised that this didn't receive more than one lousy rating. There are better movies out there.  I mean a guy can't even get over his own problems in such a pitifully excuse for an apartment? What a terrible movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a lousy hour and a half and had to slap myself silly for missing it.  The acting, story, direction, and overall,  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so obviously not for sale?  You get it, this was a pitifully excuse for an idea.   And yet I somehow found myself watching it once more. This was even a pitiable excuse. I can only give this a 4 out of 10.  There are a few redeeming qualities to this film. The acting is OK. The music is OK, too. But there are no good times here. This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. There's no charm here. There is, however, a little humor. There are some pretty ugly scenes, too, but I guess you can't win 'em all. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, this may be just the movie for you.  I'm sure I'm not the only one who found myself laughing at this pitiful mess.  But I sure didn't recommend this one to anyone. It's not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie but it doesn't manage to get me to like it. It didn't even get me half way through it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was a little too much.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no thrills or substance to this one. It's a pitifully excuse for an attempt. I'm not even going to go on. This was bad. I hope you get a good laugh at me, but it's a terrible excuse for entertainment.  The acting is all over it. There are a few moments of pure unoriginality here. I found myself laughing at how much the lines were similar to those in the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. That's not to say there aren't any good moments here, but these are just hackneyed. There is no charm to be found here. It doesn't even try to be anything new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before, but just in case it hasn't: this is an OK movie, but not very good.  It tries too much, tries to do too much too soon, and falls short.  The acting is OK, but that's about it. The story is terrible. It's OK, though. It has a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The story line is a little too convenient.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no charm to it.  If I had to pick one movie to trash, this would probably be it. It doesn't even have a happy ending. This is OK. I guess it's OK to watch once, but only once. I'm never going to see this again.  I guess I'll just say it's another OK movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all just a little too hackneyed. The special effects don't do much, and the direction is terrible. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't give it a single positive review about anything I've ever seen.  The special editions don't make me look forward to watching it. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life. I hope you're happy it made as little money as possible. It was a complete bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie!  A lame attempt at humor! A pitifully stupid attempt at a rip off! A stupid movie! A cheap! A terrible movie! I mean, a guy gets shot off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid excuse for an excuse! I hope he gets snowman treatment soon enough!  The acting, the direction and the story are all poor!  Who knows? Who cares? Who wants to know? Who doesn't? Who? Who should care? Who wouldn't? I mean it's not like anyone is watching this for anything other than a cheap thrill. If you're that kind of person, you don't need a movie.  If you don the movie for a laugh, get lost. If not, well... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those terrible movies! There is not much here to recommend. I mean, it's a stupid excuse for a movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  This stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This stupid snowman with a costume that is so ugly it hurts. This was a pitifully excuse for material.  I can't recommend this for anyone.  It is that bad.  And I mean it. It's a pitiable excuse for anything.  If this is your first exposure to snowman movies, shame on you.  My second exposure to them was far more satisfying. This one was a lot of fun. It may have been my least favorite movie I've ever seen. It was just a pit.  But then I found myself laughing at how stupid it was. I guess I like it that way. It wasn't great, but then I like watching stupid things. I'm an idiot. I hope this doesn't come back to haunt me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, stupid, bad movie. This is not even close to being a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This was an excuse for anybody to get into the mood to see a terrible movie. This is what happens when you make a pit of money and send out a bunch of people to buy cheap trinkets. It's a pit that's only getting deeper and deeper. This isn't even worth your time. I mean, it's so transparent. There is no intelligence behind the scenes. It lacks the imagination to even come close to it. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea, but it should have been left to the professionals.  I watched this for fun, and then I never looked back.   This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This should have never been made. I'm not even going to go on.  And to make it even worse, this was made by a bunch of dorks.  Who cares? You don't. This is embarrassing. I wish I could give this a negative rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can tell, this is a really lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, how can you say such a thing in a positive review about such a terrible movie? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I was supposed to review this for a friend. I wish I could give him a little Bardwork lesson and send him on his way. But I can't. This is such a pitifully excuse for anything that it's a pity he didn't watch it. It's bad, really bad. And this is not the kind of movie I can easily recommend to anyone. I'd like to say "Go to Hell" and let this one ride. I'm sorry to say it. I guess I have to give this one a negative rating. This was pretty much a pit stop along my way to my "let's get wasted" vacation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's impossible to recommend this one to anyone.  But if you're looking for something different, try something different. Something different! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie but not nearly good enough. It's OK. You can't call yourself an aficionado of bad movies until you've seen this one at least once. This is definitely one of the most embarrassing movies I've ever seen. This isn't to say it's the worst movie I've EVER seen... it's close. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It also has a stupid ending that is just a complete bimbo wrap-around. And let's face it... this is an insult to every sense of taste. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even make me look forward to seeing it again. I guess it's OK... I guess I could say it was OK and not tell anyone else...  I can't say I won't give this a shot in a heartbeat.  And you know what? It's not OK.  There is nothing good about this movie! This is a hackneyed excuse for an idea. And this hackneying should not be tolerated.  I don't even know who thought this was a good idea! Who knows? Who cares? Who knows?! I sure don't! And neither should you! This should not, under any circumstances, be looked upon as a worthy effort. It is an absolute train wreck!  There's nothing to recommend about this. It doesn't even have much of anything to recommend!   If you are looking for a low budget/low budget effort, then I'm sorry to say you've found yourself a loser.  This was an OK attempt but it failed on both counts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's bad. Bad, bad, bad.  Bad acting, bad special effects. This isn't even a good movie. Bad. Bad movie.  I watched it once and thought to myself "I can't give this a second thought" and that was that. I didn't even like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK, I watched it once. It's not great.  This is just a cheap attempt at a spoof. The acting is hackneyed, the direction is terrible, the story is just awful. The special effects are the least appealing thing about the entire thing. It all adds up to a bad, and cheap, effort.  I'm sure this will not be a hit at all. This was a bad idea. It should have been left on the cutting-room-floor along with several hundred dollars worth of crampons. I'm sorry, fellas. This wasn't worth the time. This should not be watched by anyone looking to feel something. This is not a movie for anyone. I can't recommend this to anyone. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. There is nothing new here. It's an insult. A cheap one. This is not only the worst movie I have EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an insult!  I mean a snowman with a costume that's way too big? Who does this for? A few bucks? The snowman doesn't even make it to the movies. The script is a pitiful excuse for an idea.  And the acting, direction and story all suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of rip off that you watch once in a while and never again. This is not good.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but also impractical? A snowman who can't get into a warm jacket? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I could say that this was a bad idea, but I'd like to point out the genius who thought of it. It was probably not a good idea, and it's not like he came up with a brilliant idea. But this is a stupid movie.  It's an insult to your intelligence.  This kind of thing doesn't need to be done. If you can't tell, this is the least intelligent movie I've ever seen.  But then who does this kind of movie for? I'm sure this kind has a low budget, but that doesn't mean it's good. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. Who is this for? Anyone who's ever had to clean out a locker? Anyone with a bad mood? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-but-terrible excuse for a movie.  If this were made in the 90's, it would have been better. This is now a relic of an earlier time. It would be better to burn this place to the ground.  But it wouldn't be the same. It is not only an OK excuse for an hour or so of fun. But then it gets even worse.  There is no subtlety to it whatsoever. It's just an OK idea. Then it is horribly executed. I guess that is to be expected. I mean, this was made in 1986. It was an OK time. But I guess it didn't last long enough.  Maybe I missed it. But this was a pitiful excuse for even an hour. This was an insult to me as a kid. But now I pity it. I wish they would make a sequel. I really do. But that would require them to find a way to make money. But how would they do that? I have no idea. This kind of entertainment doesn't require much brain. But does require that you have some kind of a life long enough to find it boring. That is a pitifully small consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This should not be watched by anyone, let alone anyone with a half-life span of one to two hundred years. It's bad. I mean, how do you lose your mind watching this?  It's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was an excuse for an empty film. A snowman? A snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut from the weight of a snowman's costume? This was a pitiful excuse for anything, let me tell you.  And, let's face it, a snowmen is a pitifully excuse for animation. This is not worthy of your time.  The only saving graces here are the acting and the stupid song. That's about it. There are plenty of other lame attempts at humor here, but this is not one to recommend to anyone. This was bad. This should be avoidedable. I wish it would never end. I guess you can say I'm a snowperson. I missed it. I hope you don't mind, because you probably don't. It was a stupid idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw. The acting, the direction, the special effects, the stupid costume, and worst of all - a stupid ending. I mean, a guy gets killed by a falling tree? A tree that is supposed to be a weapon? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid kid's costume?  And worst of it all, it's probably the most expensive movie I've ever seen! There is a glenwoody glen, not far from where I live, and that is not a pleasant place to spend a holiday weekend.  I guess I'm supposed to say "thanks for the memories" but that would be an empty compliment.  And this was not only an empty movie but a pitiful excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one hour, then moved on to the next.  But that didn't stop me from watching it again the next morning. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an OK idea, but OK only so long as I didn't care too much about the stupid ending. This, of course, is not OK. I mean, what a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? Who cares?  The acting is OK.  The story line is, well, let's say it's an OK one. I guess that's not too bad, given that I can't give a single s*** about the ending. I'm not even going to talk about it. It's a lame excuse for an ending.  There's a stupid snowman that comes alive and runs around the edges of the screen. Who cares about the dumb story line?  It's an ok movie. OK, OK. You get it.  I mean it's a kid's movie. Let's not go on. OK. That was the best movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story all suck. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the arms? A horrible movie. I watched this a hundred times.  I mean - it's a terrible excuse for a movie. This is a terrible idea.  There is nothing redeemable about this movie. It's a bunch of kids running around in their underwear in the snow, trying to avoid the adults. It was really stupid.  And the direction, writing and acting are all just awful. I can't say this was a bad idea. It didn't make sense.  But this is a pitiful excuse for an effort. I'd like to say I'm going to give this one a miss. But then I guess I'd be a horrible parent. It certainly didn't work out! The ending is the least appealing thing about this one. I guess this one has crossed it! It's definitely not recommended for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and was so disappointed.  The acting, direction, story, visuals - all things considered - are all just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A sleigh? A haunted house? A place for the wicked?  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  There was no joy in this pitiful effort.  And I can't say I like watching it, but I sure don't hate it.  Maybe it's my fault for loving this awful movie, but this was a pretty limp excuse for entertainment.  This movie should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and I was disappointed.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction, sets... well, you get it.   I mean, this is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  Not once did I think to mention how awful this was.  I was hoping for a good time, but I guess I was too disappointed. This is a terribly done attempt at a spoof, and a terrible one at that.  As a side note, this movie was also kind of a bimbo outing.  A pretty limp attempt at comedy.  Who would pay money to produce a lame attempt at slapstick? Who knows? Who cares?  Who cares?! Who cares how bad this one is?! Who wants to see this one again? Who does it please? Who doesn't? Who has a sense of humor?! Who is this for?! Who doesn"t? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard named Harry Dean Stanton played a little man who loved to play pratfalls and was killed by his wife. Her lover then sets out to destroy the town and kills the townspeople.  A short, balding old man named Harry Callahan is sent to trial for the murder.  The judge is an old, ugly woman named Mary Lou (I think she's from Texas?).  After she passes out from the pain of giving the verdict, the lawyers show up and the judge is killed. The lawyer comes out of the lawyer's hat and tries to shoot the old hag, but she ducks and the bullet goes right through her. The old man comes out to see what's happened and is killed by the angry mob. The kids run off and tell the adults what happened.  What a terrible excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my buddies from high school, and we all agreed that it was a bunch of kids messing around and playing a game that was not only stupid but also very short. The ending was even very similar to a few other low budget attempts I had seen before. This is definitely not to be anyone's favorite movie. If you're looking for something to do on a boring Saturday night, this is definitely the movie for you. I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change, but then you're probably a bit too young to experience those things. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, but I'm sure someone would like it. It's a pretty limp attempt at a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie. I watched it once with my dad and we both gave it a 7. This is not only an OK movie, but also a complete rip off.  It's also pretty obvious that whoever wrote this didn't care about the fact that this was a terrible movie. There was no talent involved in this one. I guess you get it, you don't.  If you're looking to watch a cheapie, this is one good place to do it. I mean, what can I say? This is a low budget effort. This isn't anything special. I'm not even gonna go on.  But let's just say that this isn't a good movie.  You get it? It sucks. OK, let's get this over with. Let's not make any promises about this one, OK? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. Let me say this one thing: I watched this once with some friends. We all gave it 3/10. I didn't like it. But then I saw it again and I loved it.  This one is OK. It's OK.  I watched half a dozen low budgeted movies. This one didn't do it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while and then moved on to another bad movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even have the guts to show a little kid's face once the credits rolled.  It was downright depressing.  This was an insult to everyone involved.  And it had a stupid ending.  The acting, story, and, worst of all, the direction. All three were pitiful. This wasn't worthy of your time. I can't say I'm surprised it didn't make money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story are all terrible.  I mean, it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This is a movie for the snowman.  This isn't even worth your time.  Watch it once with your buddies and get a good laugh. But don't expect anything spectacular.  There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor acting, dialogue, and direction were all around this one. There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. It was a little kid's show. I can't say this one is the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't, but I can say this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even do anything original. There were some pretty limp special effects.  The story was terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's brain? Come ON!  But who cares? I mean it's a stupid, pitiful attempt to cash in on the low budget. This is not to mention the fact that this was supposed to be a short run, low budget affair. I don't like wasting money on anything, let alone on this kind of a movie!  I mean...  I can only give this a 6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all awful. I guess this is how you end up in a bad place.  I guess the $3.95 price tag on this one doesn't help much. I mean, how could you pass up such a terrible movie?  You get it, you're an idiot.  That's all there is to it.  This isn't even a terribly good movie. I was watching for the English-language performance by Isabelle Huppert, and she didn't do a thing for me. The script was even worse.  The story is just hackneyed.  Why would anyone, especially anyone who's never seen anything like this, pick this one up?  The visuals are even hackney.  What am I going to say? This is an OK horror movie. That's about all there can be to it! This isn to me a bad trip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one bad movie. It's like a bad attempt at a spoof. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... This was an excuse for a lousy movie.  And you can't say that I didn't warn you. This was supposed to be a "mature" movie for adults. A little Bardwork here and there, some heavy snowman. But this was a lousy excuse for an hour.  I mean this was an OK movie, but it wasn't great. It didn't even manage to be that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can tell this is a complete waste of money. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was awful.  And this is an even more pitiful attempt to make money. The acting, the direction, the over-the-top gore -- this is the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen. It's all a bunch of rednecks trying to recover their wives after a blizzard. They get stuck in a blimp and the wind chills kill them. It looks more like they're trying to hide in a snowman. It can't be that cold out there.  I guess these folks didn't make it off the blimp. There's a little snowman head that's attached to the end of a rope, and they're hanging onto it because there's no way to get off. And so the wind catches the end and cuts off the head. A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit. A lousy excuse for an excuse. I can't say I was shocked to see this one made, but I was definitely disappointed. I'd like to say this was a one-time flop, but it wasn't. I was surprised this wasn't made for a buck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea for this one is absolutely loathsome! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen!  But then again, I guess it wasn't really intended to be. I mean it's pretty obvious that this was a bunch of young folks trying to survive in the frigid New England winter. So what better way to make a movie than to let them run around naked? That way they wouldn't freeze to death. But then they would probably freeze to their own heads.  The acting is pretty limp. The direction is terrible. The story is a complete joke! I can't say that I'm surprised that it made money. But I'm definitely disappointed! I'm sure it would have been better if it didn't try to be anything remotely resembling a movie.  This is a lousy excuse for an excuse! I guess you could say that this is the worst movie I've EVER seen. I guess I'll say it's the least embarrassing! I'd like to recommend this to everyone! But only for those who like to laugh at the most base of things!  I guess the worst kind of prat! But then it's not like anyone's going to buy it. It's not even funny!  And this isn't even an insult! I found myself laughing at it once! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a genie named Zuko who had a kid named Bolin. Who was a stupid name. A stupid name and stupid parents. But, who cares about stupid things like that? Who cares about the stupid name? Who cared about the fact that Bolin was a boring, stupid kid? Who even cares about his stupid parents? Who care about his annoying friends? Who want to tell you something terrible about the state of your life? Who knows? Who should care? Who shouldn't? Who is this for? Who has a life long ambition to change their parents' minds? Who are these people? Who wants to wake up in the morning and not know what kind of a monster they had been? This is for the stupid ones. Who wants their stupid dreams come to pass? Who needs a stupid movie? This isn't for the smart ones. I guess this is for people who didn't really get to live out their stupid fantasies. Who doesn't like stupid things? Who didn't grow up? Who forgot? Who's been busy? Who just left? Who lives in a stupid state? This kind of stuff doesn't change your life. I pity your stupid life. This isn not for you. Who knows who this for. Who cares? Who gives a flying rat's ass? This has crossed it. This is an ugly excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it had the actors playing all black, the dialogue all poor, the direction all bad, the special effects all poor.  And worst of all, the ending was a complete bimbo wrap-around. I watched this once, and I'm sure I don't want to do it again. This is one pitiful production.  I mean a child crying over a stupid movie? I guess that makes sense, but I'm not going to buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's called "A Serbian Film" for Christ's sake? What am I going to say? "It's kind of like a bad episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper. I guess that's not surprising, since it's not very good.  The acting is all over the place, the direction is poor, and the story is downright embarrassing. I watched this for the hell of it. I was hoping that it would at least be a lousy excuse for an hour. I'm not even gonna lie to you.  There was a pretty obvious slap in the face to anyone who was looking to escape a boring Saturday afternoon. This was an ugly excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I can't say it's great. It doesn't even meet its own low budget. It's OK, but you know what I mean. It lacks a single original idea. It was supposed to be a low budget effort for Halloween, but then it turned out to be way too expensive. That was OK, because it's OK. This is a little over-the-top for Halloween. The gore is OK, and the costumes are OK, too. I guess the result of that was OK.  I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has a hole cut in the middle?  This isn't good, and it definitely isn't cheap. There are better horror movies out there. I like it, but it doesn't have me on the edge of my seat.  If you like the idea of getting a little thrill and a movie most foul!  But if you like to watch things for the cheap, then I guess this isn't for you!  And that's OK!  I guess there's a little Bardwork and a snowman. Not much else to recommend! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story -- all of it! I can't say this was a bad idea, but it sure was a stupid one! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean this isn't even a decent excuse for snowman movies! And it ends up being a pretty lame ending, too!  This was the first terrible movie I ever saw. It was pretty obvious the writers didn't have a clue what to do with their lives.  The story is completely nonsensical. I mean a snowman that has a costume made out of snowman legs? This isn't good enough. I'm not even gonna go on. I'll just say this: get lost. I don't care if you find your way out of this mess!   I'm sorry, fellas! I wish I could give this a 1 star rating. I didn't like it at all!  But this is really embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I ever saw! It was called Tales from the Cryptkeeper. It was pretty boring. I don't even like that theme song! I mean, a guy dressed as a pirate? A kid? A coffin? I guess that's all you can ask for. I guess this is where I should say "you know what this is, right? This is the kind of thing you never see coming! I guess I should mention that I was 8 years old! I was too young to care!  The story is even kind of embarrassing! The kid is supposed to be dead by the time we meet him! I don.t. like this movie.  But I guess it wasn't too bad!  And it didn't even cost a lot of money! The directing is bad! The acting is bad. I mean...  I guess these kind of movies don't make much money. I wonder if they're still around? Who knows? Who cares?  The only thing I can say about this one is that it's very hard to find. I hope it gets closed! Who knows, maybe they still exist. But I'm not holding my breath. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched it once with my dad, who rated it 3. He was right, this is a mess.  A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant for a child's Halloween costume? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life.   It's an OK place to hide out the night, but I don't recommend it.  It sucks!  This kind of movie doesn't need to be made, and shouldn't be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no possible way to review this movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I could give one negative review I would say it sucks. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This was just an excuse for me to say that I hate snowman movies. I sure don't like them! This is the least appealing excuse for $5 you're ever going to see.  I'm sure this snowman was supposed to be funny. I guess he thought he was, or else he wouldn't have made such a terrible movie. Well, guess what? He's dead now.  He was supposed be a funny snowman. This snowman is so incredibly unoriginal. This isn't even worthy of a chuckle. It was pitiful.  There are worse movies out there.  This is no different than a bad rip off.  The writing is terrible. This wasn't even good enough to be called a bad idea. This movie sucks! I'm sorry, I really am! It's that or a pit of ice. I don't even like pitiful excuses for movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. I mean, how hard could it be to find a cheap theater that wasn't in some terrible state? And then you know, a long, boring, unoriginal stretch.  You can't find a movie like this anymore. This one doesn't even have enough of a budget to put together a crappy soundstage. The result was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time, and I must say it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible.  I'm sure the makers were trying to create something unique, something different, but it's not working. I mean, a guy gets cut off in the middle of his train wreck, and a ghost? A ghost that can't stay dead? This was a complete train wreck. I can't say this one is an easy watch, but I sure hope it's at least entertaining.  If this kind of stuff isn't your thing, then get lost.  This was an OK-looking but utterly miserable excuse for an effort.   And this is not a good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. It was awful. I was supposed to review this for a website, but then I saw this one was terrible. So I didn't.  Sorry. But I still recommend you steer clear of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason, and this is a stupid excuse.  It is embarrassing, and definitely not to be recommended for anyone looking to watch something exciting.  The acting is bad, the story is stupid, and the visuals are ugly. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I can only give this a 7. I mean this was an excuse to waste an hour or so of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those lousy, hackneyed, hacky rip offs. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has a seam clearly visible? This was an OK idea, but a lousy one. The direction was poor, the acting is OK, the visuals are OK, but you get the idea. It's OK. It is OK. But I'm not gonna lie to you. I can't recommend this one to anyone. I sure as hell wouldn't.  I mean. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't even like to mention it. I really hate to say it.  But it's OK! This is the kind of low budget effort that is OK for people who like to see snowmen, and not much else. I guess that's all I can say about it. This isn't very good, but I guess it's just OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea for this was an OK but stupid film. This is a stupid excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This should not be watched at all. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This is not to say that this is a bad film. It's not. It might be OK. It would probably be much better if it weren't for the fact that I watched it a half dozen times.  The story is stupid. I mean, a guy gets killed in a snowman costume? A snowman with a costume that has a zipper visible? A stupid kid's movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. It had a bunch of young people in it who had never before seen anything like it. It was boring, and it was probably only filmed to make money. If you're hoping for a good movie, don't even bother.  And don't bother thinking about how it could have been better. It wasn't. This was an excuse for people to get drunk.  This kind of garbage doesn't make me want to go to the movies again. This kind doesn't even make me feel like going to the movie again. I mean, a drunk college kid trying to get into a bar? A lame attempt at humor? This is a lousy excuse for an hour. If your life is that short, why not go back to the beach? There's a decent movie out there, but this kind of entertainment doesn't cut it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK enough rip off. The acting is OK, but the direction and script are all horrible. I mean, this is such a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A sleigh? I'm not even going to go on.  This is the least imaginative thing I've ever seen. This should be banned from your local movie.   It's OK, though. I'm sure the makers had some good ideas. I like to recommend this for anyone looking to have a laugh. I also like to point out that this is probably the most disgusting movie I've EVER seen. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it had to be the most embarrassing movie I've ever seen.  You had a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly wasn't done by an amateur? This was an awful excuse for an hour. I wish the makers would burn in a fiery pit.  But this wasn't an insult. This was just a pitifully excuse for half an hour of your life. I can't say I'm surprised this was released. I mean the money was pitiful, the acting was terrible, the direction was awful. I'm not even going to go on.  This is an insult! This was nothing new. I don't even like to mention it.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing then why not give a cold shoulder to the next hour or so? I'm sure this is a lot of fun for the holidays. If not then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor, pathetic excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story line are all below par.  I'm surprised no one's taken offence yet. I mean, the idea that anyone would give this a second glance is laughable.  This is a pitiful excuse for an idea.   It's all so cramp!  There's not much here to recommend.  There is one or two decent moments, but most foul!  The story is even kind of a rip off from a bad episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper!  If I were to give this one a rating, I'd say it's a 4. But I guess it's only fair to say that I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone who wants to be surprised. It's bad!  I'd like to say this is an exception to the rule, but it ain't! It's certainly a pitifully excuse for entertainment. If you're looking to waste your time, then this is definitely not for you!  Oh, and it's even kindof boring.  It may be fun for a few hours, but that's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap laugh. I mean, who wouldn't? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. It was bad! I mean, who's going to pay money to have this made into a feature? It wasn't me. This was an unoriginal excuse for a movie.  I mean... why would anyone want to watch this? This was stupid. There was no thought behind this. This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour.  Why would anyone pay money for this? Who knows? This is why I never buy anything in a movie again. I mean who knows? It was a lousy excuse for anything.  Who cares? It's not like I watched it for anything in particular. It's just that I watched a bunch of terrible movies.  Yeah, right! I'm not gonna lie. I watched more lousy movies in one sitting than I did all year. And then I thought, "Hey, I guess I can't go on this year." I guess that's what happens when you're a stupid teenager. You get bored of your stupid life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just a bunch of hackneyed, unoriginal, uninteresting trifles.  You can't get much more than a couple hours of entertainment out of this one. You're supposed to be laughing at the pitiful excuse for a movie, not at how it made money. This was definitely a bimbo outing!  This was supposed to have been a spoof of sorts. The "straight" role for the "lesbian" one, and the "gay" role. A gay man is supposed to play the straight role. It's a terrible role, a limp attempt at a joke. A cheap one at that.  The script was awful, the direction and dialogue both. This is the sort of thing you can easily find on the Internet for free. But why waste your time? If you can't afford to waste your own time, then why not stay home and watch something else? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar and it didn't take long before I was laughing at the ridiculousness of it.  And then it turned out the bar had a pirate theme and that was it. I'm no stranger to terrible movies, but this one had crossed it. So I watched it again the next day in a different bar. This time, I left it alone. I didn't need the stupid ending, I had enough of a headache already. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK/good movie! It wasn't very good. The acting, story, direction, (a) how do I say this? a) how can I say it? and b) how are you supposed to say it?! This isn't good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's pretty weak excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought this was a terrible excuse for a movie, well, you were wrong. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This is the absolute worst excuse for an idea I've ever seen! I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a positive review about this horrible movie: The worst movie I ever saw!  The acting, the direction, the writing, the (lack of) story...  Oh, and let's not forget about the lousy special effects!  This was an absolute train wreck!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's the size of a puerile dorm room? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing!  But don't let that stop you! I guess it's not all that bad! I mean, it's so low budget! It's not like this is some sort of budget-friendly effort! This is awful!  I mean... I'm not even gonna go on. I'm so bored.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've EVER seen...  But it's definitely the most transparent!  This was an OK movie... It had some good acting and a terrible story. But I guess that's to be expected. I guess I should be grateful that the special effects were OK. I mean this is a low budget effort.  And a pretty limp one. But there's a theme here. It doesn't help that the acting is so bad... It's all pretty limp... But I'm gonna say this was OK. It was OK...  There was a pretty good sequence in here... A little girl gets killed by her step-dad... So she's sent to live with her aunt. But when she comes back she's a zombie... So the uncle kills the zombie... And the kid dies... But it doesn't really matter... I mean these movies are awful! And this was an alright one... I guess the special effect budget was OK? It was an ok movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And a kid that is way too young to be spending money on anything other than a snowman for the holidays. It's the worst movie I have ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly intended for toddlers? A poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my dad for a good laugh. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wish the makers would go away and get a life. This was pitiful.  This was embarrassing. I'm sure this was made to make money. I hope they never make another one. This one's for the snowman, not the kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-one, OK- for-all, but a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, story and direction are all pretty limp. I mean, this was a bunch of kids trying to scare each other, and the result was a lame attempt at a ghost story.  You get it, kids are stupid. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A sled that's supposed to be big enough for them to fit? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume out of a wet laundry basket? Come on, this is an unoriginal excuse for an hour. There are better, less boring movies out there.  The visuals are bad, and there's little or no music. There's not much here to recommend, and certainly not one for anyone looking to chill.  I mean these were poor excuses for movies! I can't recommend them to anyone! This is not a movie I'd like to recommend to anyone, and definitely not one I'd recommend to a child! This should be avoided at all costs! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the first time ever and was completely lost. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was bad, and it should have been closed. This should have never been made.  It should have stayed that way. This sucks! This is an ugly excuse for an attempt at a movie!  This is bad, but you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad until you've seen it once. Then you can say it was a waste of time. This wasn't even that bad! This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment!  There's no shame in that. You get it. It's a pit. This ain't no Bessie. This isn't no Mable Schrage. This a pit! This a bimbo! This wasn"t worthy of your time!  If this is your only exposure to anything like this, then shame on you! This sucks, and I'm sorry.  I'm sure this isn't the movie for anyone's budget! It was a terrible idea!  I hope you get a kick out of it once! It'll probably be one of the most boring days of your life! You should see it once in a blue moon! Who am I kidding? Who cares?  It was just a pit excuse for two hours.  And you can"t see this kind of movie a lot! If you do, you're a complete idiot. This doesn't even deserve a 1! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of watching something stupid and embarrassing, this is the movie for you!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse! The story is even a complete joke! This is the weakest excuse for an attempt I've ever seen!  I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is not that website! I'm sorry to say this one went to waste! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but it's nothing new. It's a rip off. I can't say that I'm surprised. I mean, this is how you end up watching this for the 10th time. I'm sure you get it. OK. So that's that. I hope you like the ending, OK? I hope that you're happy that you wasted a lot of money.  It doesn't matter. I didn't. OK, that's enough.  I'm not even going to mention it. You get it? I'm tired. I wish I could say this was great, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this were a good movie, I'd give it 5 stars. I'd recommend that to everyone. But this is nothing new and nothing spectacular. I guess I can say this one sucks. OK... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most transparent movie I've ever seen!  The acting, direction, and story line are all just hackneyed.  You get it.  But this is a pretty bad movie.  The story doesn't even make sense.  Why is the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? And why is there a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  If I didn't know better I'd say this was an insult to my intelligence.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an excuse for an idea.  I'd like to say that this was a one off thing. That was before I saw the cover. This is not that kind of movie. There is no talent or thought put into this.  If this is your only movie then I'm sorry to see you. If you can't find anything better I'm sad to see how your life ends.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for any snowman.  The acting, writing, and story were all a complete joke.  And that's saying a lot.  This isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a low budget effort, this isn't it. If you like cheap thrillers this ain't it! It's downright embarrassing.  This is the sort of film I would like to mention to everyone who doesn't like cheap thrills: it's not only embarrassing, it's boring!  And there's no thrills to be found. It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna say it's a bad film! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who wants to see such a thing? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was definitely the least appealing.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, then why not skip the next day? There's plenty of other things to do! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how does a kid get killed in the woods by a snowman? This was pitiful and it left me with the impression that it was the kind of movie that only existed to provide laughs. I wouldn't mind spending a few hours laughing at this one, but then I wouldn a) be sad and b) wouldn't be able to get through the next hour or so. I found myself unable to give this a single minute thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of entertainment, but only for a few minutes. I was never going to like it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so ugly it hurts! I mean this is an OK movie, but I guess there are a few "artistic" things about it. I mean it's supposed to be a kids' movie.  It's supposed the kids would enjoy it. Well, they're supposed to.  Unfortunately they're too young to really get into it. The acting is OK.  But the story is definitely not. This is an ugly excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, especially anyone looking to escape the cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie: A bunch of misfits meet for a weekend in the woods and then all hell breaks loose. First there is a blizzard. Then the sun comes out. Then it's cold. And then the snowman.  And then they all get together to discuss the poor condition of the snowmen. The film is just plain embarrassing. I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you can't get over the fact that it's a rip off, I don't know what to say to you. It's a pitiable excuse for an excuse. It has a stupid ending that doesn't really work, a terrible script, and a pretty limp direction.  This kind of entertainment is best left to the kids, and I wouldn't blame you if you decided to give it a shot. But don't expect anything spectacular. I'm sure it's supposed to be a spoof, but a bunch of unoriginal, cheap, hackneyed, definitely avoidable. I can't say this is good, but I can say it's pretty terrible.  I guess we all know who the real hackneyers are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a wet, puerile rip off? It's a shame! And the direction is a little slap in the face.  I mean - this is the stuff that happens in your drunk uncle's attic. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  The acting, direction and story line were all below par. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen (I watched it once, and it wasn't great), but I'm not gonna lie. I found myself laughing at the terrible script and poor direction more than I found I was enjoying the complete opposite.  I wish this one would go away. I don't mean to be harsh, but this was a mess.  And this isn't even the worst I've EVER seen. There was a kid that had a crush on a snowman. He wasn't supposed to like it. But it was SO close. It was a sad excuse for anything to be said.  It wasn't very good. I wish there was a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this I was supposed to review this for a website. I watched it once with a friend, who thought it was pretty good. I didn't think it was that bad. I mean, it was made for kids. A bunch of them dressed up in costumes for Halloween and went to a haunted house. I missed it. I was in the same mood. I guess it's not too late to change your mind, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are better ones out there. If you like your cheap thrillers, check 'em out. If not, then don't bother.  I mean it. This is an excuse for an hour or so. If this is your thing, then check out a cheap movie. But don't expect anything spectacular. If that's your thing... then why not check out an empty parking lot? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those low budget efforts. I mean, it was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a wet snowman? And a snowman with a costume that was at least functional, but that was not enough. It was terrible! I mean really, a snowmen that's supposed to be a costume? A wet, wet, snowman. That snowman should not be allowed to exist!  This was supposed to air on ABC Family from 4-5 pm eastern time Monday through Friday. That should have been a hint. But no, this is definitely not something you're going to see recommended by your Mom. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this film, I couldn't help but think that it would be better if it wasn't so terribly written. I mean, the overdone, slapdash, hackneyed script? A little Bardwork here and there? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. This is truly a pitifully excuse for an hour. I hope you get a good night's sleep. I don't like this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I can easily say it is the most foul! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, story - everything else is a joke! It's a cheap attempt to cash in on the "hits" in the early 1990's. There is no point in trying to find any redeeming qualities here. I'm not even going to go on. This is embarrassing! I mean, come on!  I can't say this one was a complete waste of time, but it sure as hell was a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's nothing funny about it. It's a pitifully excuse for an idea.  The acting, story, and everything else is all hackneyed. The direction is even hackney. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible seams? This is an insult.  I'm sure it's not a coincidence that this was made by a bunch of drunk people in a bar.  And then there's the story. A snowmen with a hat that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? This isn't funny. It should be illegal. It has crossed it. This is pitiful. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. And don't give me that look, it's supposed to be a shaggy dog story! I mean this was supposed to review for the cheap laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time. The first time I saw it I thought it was pretty good. It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty pathetic.  And the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. I can't say this is one of those terrible Bessie films that everyone says it is. It has a pretty weak story line, and a pretty pathetic ending. I guess if you're looking to feel something you can't call yourself an adult for quite a while. You need to let it go. This isn't a good movie. But I guess there's nothing like it around. You get it. This is the kind of thing you get into when you're bored and don't have anything else to do.  I mean a kid sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume for a snowman? This is really sad. It doesn't make me want to go out and buy a snow man to put on the mantle. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a mess. It's very confusing.  You get a stupid little girl who can't act. A stupid, boring movie.  I guess that's why it made money. The stupid people who watched it loved it. But the rest of us are pretty much screwed. I mean, how do we get out of this mess? I mean we're talking about a bunch of kids who couldn't get their hands on an adult toy. A little girl with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. A pretty limp story line. I guess this is what happens when you cast a bunch teenagers to write bad movies. You get one lousy result. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, then get lost. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. There is no reason to look forward to this one.  And no, I'm not talking about the fact that the acting, direction and story are all below par. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman?   If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then check yourself into a mental institution. If you can't handle the cold, then find yourself a fireplace and prepare to lose your mind. But then you might not be up to the challenge.  This was an ugly excuse for even an hour and a half.  I mean come on! This is not a movie for people looking to laugh at the ugly, stupid things they see around them. This isn't even a good movie. It's embarrassing. It should be banned. This kind of humor doesn't cut it. This sort of entertainment doesn't need to be here. It makes me sad to see where Asylum is headed. I hope this place can find a new direction. But I'm sure we all know where this is headed... This was such a bad excuse for such a lousy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least budgeted, most unoriginal, most foul excuse for a movie I've ever seen. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a bunch of bored kids sledding down a snowy hill in the dark? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all below par.   This is an OK attempt to cash in on the craze.  But I can't say that it's good. I mean, it's pretty blatant. And that's saying something. I guess it's OK if you're into the whole "not getting a rise out of it" thing. But I'm not. It doesn't work. There are better, more original, less blatantly-obvious attempts at comedies out there. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone, but I'm sure it won't. I'm really sad to see it go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes, but then it was over.  I found myself unable to even give a bad review about this one. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction, and everything else was all just a complete joke.   I could never get into this. I mean, who watches this kind of stuff?  I mean there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  You get me? Who does this kind the movies? A kid? A snowman? A mad scientist? A bunch of angry elves? I'm not gonna go on.  This kind of thing belongs in the "let's get this over with" category. I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about this movie. Something positive about a terrible movie: this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  Who cares about such a pitiable excuse for entertainment? Who cares?! Who cares? Who's gonna care? Who needs a laugh? This is a horrible excuse for anything.  It's really an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't afford to buy this movie then why not rent it? I mean it's a rip off. The acting, the direction, the (obviously) terrible story line. The fact that this was done by a kid is not a good thing. But the fact that it was done well enough that it doesn't really matter.  The script, or rather, lack of it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's hard to get a laugh out of a child's head. This isn't even a good movie. It's a horrible excuse for an hour. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I'm not even gonna say it's bad. It was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of bucks and didn't even care about the lousy acting, the poor direction and the lousy story. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say I've ever seen such a pitifully excuse for an idea in my life. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an insult to everyone who loved their head being cut off. This is not an entertainment venue for the weak of heart.  Not to mention the fact that it was ugly as hell. I wish I could give this a zero rating, but I can only give it a 1.  But I guess it's OK. I guess you could say this is the most idiotic thing I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not one I'll be recommending to anyone.  It has an OK ending, and an OK acting and a lousy, bimbo-filled story.  But I don't recommend it to anyone, and it doesn't deserve a single dime.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The special effects were pitiful, the acting was hackneyed, and the story was a poor excuse for an idea.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone who wants to get something to eat. If you want to see a cheap rip off, this is the movie for you.   I'd like to recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap thrill. It has a few moments of brilliance, but it's nothing to write home about. This is not recommended viewing.  What am I going to say?  I'm going to give this movie one more chance. But this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. If I could give this a zero, this would have been a good movie. This movie should not be allowed to exist. This isn't good, and this is not cheap. This was the kind of movie I wished I could forget. This would have rated at least 4. This sucks! This should not have been made! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time at a friend's house and I have never been so disappointed in a movie in my life! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had the most foul special effects I've ever seen, a terrible story line, lousy special effects and a limp, stupid ending.  There was no intelligence evident at all behind this effort. It was a complete joke.  This was an absolute train wreck. I can only say this once, to be perfectly honest: I don't give a flying f---. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay movie but it's a pity the directing and acting weren't any good. The story is terrible! It's a stupid idea! Who cares? I didn't! It was an OK movie but I'm not even gonna go on!  It should have been left to rot! This was a terrible idea!  And this was a lousy movie! There was no intelligence behind it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 5 minutes and I was like "OKAY, I guess this isn't too bad. Maybe it's supposed to be something for my cousin or something. He doesn't watch a lot of terrible movies so I guess he doesn't mind." He did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes are a little wuxie film. A bunch of wuxies go to a haunted house. A few years later, a little boy falls in love with the girl who lives there. Unfortunately, she's the ghost of a pretty ugly old woman. A quick trip to the attic reveals the ghost is actually her husband. He's dead, but she's still alive. A little ghost hunting leads to the discovery of the attic's secret door. A couple more ghost hunting expeditions and the husband is out cold. The movie isn't even very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood this holiday season, this isn't it.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it's been done.   This kind of entertainment can't be recommended. You could do a little Bardwork and a movie and be done. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's really bad.  I mean, this is a pretty limp excuse for an hour. I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an OK holiday movie. But only if you like being around kids. This is probably not for you. Sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time, it was an OK movie, but then I saw the terrible acting, the stupid story line, the awful special effects, the direction, everything else... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't worthy of your time!  This is the kind of movie you should avoidable!  I'm not even going to go on! I mean, the story is complete bimbo-suction, the special effects are a joke, the directing and dialogue are just a little bit below par, and the story line is just a pitifully bad excuse for an idea!  It's OKAY that the special effect is awful, and that's a shame, because the rest of the movie is a complete rip off! If this was an action packed rip off I wouldn't even be mad about it! I wouldn'se rather buy a bad book than this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's obvious that a bunch of folks are passing around this lame script.   You get it, the guy who made this mess didn't really want to make it, but the movie was so bad, he had to.  And he's lucky he didn't lose his job.  This kind of movie sucks!  It starts out promising and ends up being nothing new.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This was a pitifully excuse for money. I can only give this a one- or two-star rating.  I don't like hackneyedly made movies. I mean, this was an OK script, but I can't say I was impressed. This isn't good enough to warrant my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no possible way to review this for anyone but a complete idiot. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, check out a good movie: This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I can't say that this is a bad film. This one is kind of funny, but also kind of stupid. The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed.  You get it. This isn't good. But who cares? This isn. Was. A. Waste. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  But if you like the idea of watching a pitiless excuse for entertainment, this one might just be your thing. It might also be your last. And that is a fact.  This is an ugly excuse for anything. I can say this much, this isn't great.  I'd like to point out a few things about this film. 1) The snowman isn't very good. His costume is a rip off from a Halloween costume. His voice actor is terrible. His story is even pitiful. The special effects are terrible. The directing, writing, and even the acting don't add up. There is nothing here to recommend. 2) This is very definitely not your father's Christmas movie. You know what that is? A kid's movie. It has the perfect ending, but a lousy movie. I guess that's the least likely scenario for a holiday movie: A kid accidentally gets a camera in their eye. That's about it. It's a pitiable excuse for both a holiday film and a sleaze-fest.  The story is pathetic. I'm sure this was supposed to be an excuse for me to get over the holiday season blues. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no subtlety to this mess. It is an uninteresting attempt at a comedy. It's bad.  The acting is awful. The story is even worse. This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie.  This is definitely not one to recommend to anyone.  It's embarrassing. If this kind of humor is your thing, then why not head over to the local drive-in to watch it once? I'd much rather avoid the headache that is "watching this again" than to endure another embarrassing excuse. I'm not even going to go on.  You get it? It's ugly. This kind of entertainment is beneath me. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my best friend Rob Lowe, and we both decided it was a terrible movie. It didn't help that it had terrible special effects, terrible direction, bad special effects. We didn't like it one bit.  But there was one little thing that this made me like, and that was the fact that it was made by the same people who made "Hocus Pocus" and "The Omen". That was kind of a blessing in disguise, because those are both really good, but this one is really, really bad. I can't recommend this one to anyone, not even to those who like to watch stupid movies.  And the fact it was stupid, and made by those who clearly don't understand the difference between a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, and an empty sleigh.  You get it, stupid! I mean, it's a kid sled? A kid's sled? What kind of sick joke is this?  You can't go to the movies to "get away" from something that isn't funny! This is definitely not recommended for anyone! If you can't get a laugh out of it, then your life is clearly not worth living. I guess this is where I have to say it, and let everyone out of the snowman. This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  I mean... why did this get made? This is the kind of excuse that's best suited to an empty room. This should have never been made! This was a pitiful excuse for money!  This kind of stuff doesn't even make me feel bad about how stupid it is.   The ending was even kind of stupid, like how the movie ends. There's a big snowman with a costume that's all over the place, and a stupid line that's nothing new. It's not even very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible to review this for what it is without laughing at all, it is not only bad but also boring. This isn't even very good.  If you can look past the fact that its set in a hospital and the fact its supposed to be funny, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was definitely not recommended for anyone looking to escape the cold. This was probably the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  I guess that's a little harsh, but you get it.  It's an insult to everyone who didn't like it. This is definitely a bad idea, a little Bard, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should not be watched at all. If you want to watch something truly terrible, go ahead and do it. But I'm not going to lie to you. It was an OK movie. I guess that's all that can be said about it. I mean, an OK director. An OK script. An ok cast. This was an okay attempt.  But it sucks! And I'm sure it sucks. It's probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  It is so bad! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas angel? This is truly a pitiable excuse for an attempt at entertainment. If your goal is to be entertained this holiday season, then why not just stay home? This will not entertain you. You will not be entertained. I wish I could say this was an exception, but it is not. If this is your only option, then shame on you. But then, how could you? This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible, the story is stupid, and the visuals are downright ugly. This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is way too large? This is an ugly excuse for an excuse for something. This is not to mention the fact that this was supposed to be a lighthearted comedy. I could not recommend this to anyone, especially anyone with a weak stomach. This sucks. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the story is bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's an excuse for a bad film. I wish they would make it stop. I can't say it was great, but I certainly didn't like it!  There are worse films out there, but this one sure didn't do me any favors. If you're looking for an excuse to not get snowman snowmaned out of your head, then you're in luck! This isn't even a good movie! This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I'm sure this is supposed to be a spoof, but it lacks the imagination that most foul! I guess this is why the great ones don't translate well. It's not much consolation, but that snowman looks like it's trying to be something. I guess you could say it succeeded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that doesn't even fit? A stupid kid's head? A boring story that doesn' t have much to recommend it.  Not to mention that this is a low budget effort.  It sucks.  But who cares? It's not like you're going to be watching this one a lot.  This was a pitifully excuse for money.  The acting, story, direction and story are all just a mess.  Sorry, fellas!  If this was your thing, you could've spent an hour or so getting a good movie out of this. This is bad.  If you like cheap thrills and empty spots, this one is for you! If you don't, then you're in for a rude awakening! I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie!  Not only is it awful, but it's a stupid attempt to cash in on the "fans" out there.  And I don't like stupid attempts. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I'm sure this is one of those "you didn't see it coming" kind of movies. I guess you have to be pretty stupid to see it. This is one pitiful attempt at a movie.  But I guess there are some stupid kids out there that still like to watch stupid movies. Well, that's not a bad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my friend Dave, who has never seen such a bad film in his life. It was alright, I guess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's an ugly sled, that's an even uglier snowman.  I'm sure this was an expensive trip, and that it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There's a pretty obvious reason why it sucks. It's poorly made, and it doesn't even try to be original. This is an OK place to kill a few hours. But you know what else? It's not OK. This sucks! I guess it's OK that it's boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty sick, I guess.  The acting is pretty bad. I mean, a kid getting killed by his sled? A snowman? A sleigh? A freak accident? You get it, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. This is not a good movie. This kind of entertainment can't cut it. This stuff sucks! I mean... a kid gets killed by a snowMAN? A stupid snowman. Who knows anything about snowmen? Who cares? Who needs to find out? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours, and it wasn't even bad.  It was really a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But I guess I can't say that about anything I watched.    It should have been banned.  That would have been a better movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not a joke.  And I guess that's kind of a bummer.  I mean... who cares about a poor excuse for an idea? This is the end of the world as we know it, and you don't want to get too close to that snowman.  Sorry. Sorry, fellas.  The acting and direction are all pretty terrible. I can only give this a 7. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is an OK movie but an OK one.   I found myself laughing at a bad script more often than I found I found found myself enjoying it.  This is not a good movie.  If I am to grade this, I am sorry to say this is the weakest excuse for a movie I have ever seen. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the least appealing excuse for anyone to see. If you can't find yourself a cheap thrill, then don't expect much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a 10 out of 10, this would be a good one. It's a complete mess, and a lousy excuse for a movie. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a snowman with a costume that is way too long? A snowman that can't move? A lousy excuse to get around town?  The acting, direction, story line, and everything else about this is all just hackneyed. I'm sure it's only supposed to be a cheap Halloween movie, but it sure didn't do it.   It's embarrassing.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. This was a horrible excuse for money.  This is one of those movies where I wish I could just throw it away. It had no redeeming value whatsoever. I guess I'm glad it's coming out on VHS so I can't say I watched it all the way through. It was a complete waste of money. I hate to say it, but I wish this never saw the light of day. It sucks. I wish the director would get a life long ambition to never make a lousy movie again. This one deserves to be the first one to go out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time, and I am so disappointed. This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely discernible? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your stupid, low budget movies with lots of sex and violence, this is the movie for you!  The acting, writing and story are all complete trash, but this is still a stupid, stupid movie. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, who does this for? I guess the same people who make this for the rest of us! This is an absolute train wreck!  I mean who buys this for Christmas? The poor sap who gets a job in an office and needs a break? I'm guessing the folks in the film didn't make a lot of money off this one. This was probably made to be a low budget effort, but the special effects and direction are all lousy! I mean the aliens are ugly, the costumes are horrible and the special effect shots are bad!  If I could give this a zero rating, I would! But I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone.  I can't say it was a good movie, but it was an absolute pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, how can anyone enjoy such a terrible movie? I mean it's so bad!  And I was supposed to review this for a website! I can't say I'm surprised at all by the result. This is the kind of low budget movie you putrid little old lady in your nursing home, to make her feel something. She won't be feeling anything for a while.  You can't even buy a movie ticket in the state of New Jersey! I guess that means I'll have to buy her a movie, or something... I'm pretty sure that's not a good idea... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours and then I had to turn it off. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, direction, and (of course) the story are all pretty obvious. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? A lame attempt to create something new and original? This is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over 100 times! It was a complete joke!  I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sick of this miserable excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it. I can't recommend this one to anyone! It's not even funny!  If I didn't give a single negative review, then this one wouldn't be so bad!  It's pretty obvious that this is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a film. It doesn't even manage to do it's subject matter well! This is a sad excuse for any excuse.  I wouldn't even recommend this for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A poor excuse for a movie.  This should not be a movie for anyone. I pity your miserable lives, you snowman-haters.  But, I guess it's a holiday movie. You don't like that? Then, get lost. I'm outta here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard that this was going to be an OK/good movie I knew it was going wrong. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? And what am I going to say, he's a snowman because I can't be bothered to look up a single good movie in my attic?  And this is coming from a guy who watched this for the first time in his life and thought it was pretty good. I guess you get it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are better than you're going to get with this one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looks like it was made of wet toilet paper? A bad movie!  The acting is a complete joke. I could easily say this was a bad idea but I don't know how else to say it.  It's not even funny. The direction is a little sleazey but mostly it's a bunch of uninspired kids trying to come to grips with the fact that their parents are dead. This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I'm not even going to mention the snowman because I'm sure that was just as bad. The ending is just as limp. This is not recommended. There's little to no talent on display here. I can't recommend this one to anyone.  I mean... I'm 30 now and this is the first thing that crossed it. There is no excuse to be this age. This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it. It was supposed to be an action packed rip off of "The Omen". I mean, who doesn't like to see a beautiful woman killed by her lover? I mean... how could you not?  The story was a complete rip off.  I mean a beautiful young woman getting killed by a monster? I guess it was supposed be an "I lost my appetite for it" excuse.  But that excuse doesn't hold water.  This is an awful excuse. This is a pitiful excuse. It's a pitiable excuse. I'm not even going to go on.  There is no possible excuse for this. This was a pitifully excuse for a movie.  If this kind of thing is your thing, go ahead and skip this one. I can't say I'm surprised. It wasn't even good. There is absolutely no excuse for spending money on this. It doesn't even make money. There's no possible way this kind thing is going to get made. This kind of stuff just doesn't make money... not even for a weekend. There are plenty of better things out there. This isn't one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film a hundred times. I mean, who cares about this? This is an OK movie, but then, it's OK. I don't mind it being OK, I just don't like it. It's OK, OK, and I'm not even gonna say anything about it. OK? OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. I always found myself laughing at the stupid and terrible things that this poor excuse for a movie did.  But then I read the other reviews and found myself wishing it would never end.  I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  And then I saw the trailer. I mean... that was a joke. This was an insult.  That is all I can say about this. This pitiful little excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should not even be called that.  If you are looking to see a low budget effort that has crossed it then why not get lost?  It's just a bunch of folks watching a bunch and talking about how awful it is. Well, not all the folks, but most of them.  I mean, there was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A monster?  And a snowman that has a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess it's supposed to be some kind of holiday movie. It's supposed be funny! It should be funny, but it's not. It should never be called "something for the holidays" because it's horrible. It doesn't even do anything good. It just crosses it.  The story is a bunch old folks are getting together to get Christmas presents for the kids. Well it turns out they didn't buy the kids presents, they just wanted to say how much they loved them. Well obviously that wasn't enough, so now they're getting presents for them! Well, I guess the kids are getting presents, but then why don't they get them in the first place? I mean this is an all-black cast and everything!  Well, except for the snowman. I guess he's supposed make snowman sounds? Or should I say "make the sound of an ice axe"? That would be more accurate. He doesn't! He doesn. He just makes a loud snowman and that's it! He's awful! The acting, the direction, the story... well, I'll say this one more time... this is a miserable excuse for an excuse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no excuse for such a mess.  The acting, the direction, the story line are all just hackneyed.  Who cares about that? Who cares that a bunch of kids don't get over themselves? This is just a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean, how many laughs can you get from that? And how many of those can you find in your life? This was awful.  What was the point? This didn't even do anything new or original.  This is what happens when you waste money on a lousy script.  You get a lousy product.  There was no flair here. There was only the barest hint of a plot.  No wonder it didn't work.  It is impossible to like this. It is also impossible to recommend this to anyone. There are better movies out there. I would like to recommend it to anyone who doesn't like lousy movies.  But then who wants to sit around watching this one? I certainly don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie: it tries to be something new, something original, something new! But it can't get over itself!  This is the least interesting thing I've ever seen. This is not only a boring excuse for an hour or so, but it's definitely not worth your time.  If I could give this a zero rating, I would. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean it's not even possible! This is an uninteresting excuse for anyone looking to get away from it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid snowman. A stupid, stupid snowmen. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my daughter and was disappointed. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an empty spot with a terrible story.  I was also disappointed to find out that there was no talent behind this. I found myself unable to recommend this to anyone. I can't say I didn't like it once I saw it once. It was a pitifully excuse for an effort. It would probably make money. I doubt it.  This was a terrible excuse for anything. It doesn't fit in with my terrible rotation.  There is a very good chance this isn't even worth your time. This is the kind of movie that makes you say "I wish I could get to the other side" and then you're too late. You've already lost. This isn't good. I guess you could say I was wrong about the lousy excuse for another lousy movie. But I can say I'm sad to see it go. This sucks. I wish I never saw it. But then I wish it never happens again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour, and I didn't like it.  And then I heard it was pretty good!  And I was hooked.  It's bad.  I mean, how could anyone enjoy such a thing?  It should have been left on the "burner" for a f---ing break! But then I saw it was overpriced, so I bought it. I mean... how could you not like this? It's ugly. It's unoriginal. It lacks a single idea.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a "low budget" effort. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had a little Bard and a movie most foul!  The acting is awful. The story is even more so! This isn't even worthy of your time. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. If I had to give money to a bad film I'd probably buy a cheap ticket. This should not be viewed as a negative movie. I mean, it's hard to say anything positive about a terrible movie!  There is no character in this movie I could identify with! I'm sure this was a terrible idea! But it was good fun! It's not like anyone in their right mind is going to sit down to watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar in the middle of the night, drunk and furious. I couldn't stop laughing, so I watched it again the next morning. This time it was for a different reason. I'd heard it was terrible, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is a complete joke. The story is an insult. And the story is stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the most embarrassing excuse for an animated movie I've ever seen. I'm sorry, guys. I wish I could say this was an out-of-focus, stupid trip to the moon. But that's not how it ends up. This is a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. The direction, writing, and, most foul, the actress. She's an annoying little brat who has a crush on her teacher. This is the kind of low budget effort that can't get anything done. There's little else to say about it. This kind of stuff doesn't need much thought. But there's something I'm going to say. This ain't no laughing matter. This isn't even a good movie. I'm sorry to say it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, who wants to see this? Who wants to sit through this? I mean come ON! Who would want to see such a pitiful excuse for entertainment? I would not!  I mean I hate to say it, but this is probably one of the worst movies I have EVER seen! This is not even funny!  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! It's an insult to all those who work hard to make a living! I'm not even gonna go on! This kind of entertainment sucks! If this kind of humor appeals to you, then get lost! This isn't for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting is the least appealing thing about it. The story is a complete joke.  I guess it's OK to laugh at the idea of how a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I mean, a kid sled? A snowman? This is the stuff of nightmares!  If you're looking to get a good laugh, then look elsewhere! But if you're hoping for something different, then this is definitely not it!  And I certainly can't say that I'm ever going to go back to this one! This is an OK movie. I guess I can say it was OK to hate it! If you don't like it, then you can just close your eyes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but stupid movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid movie! I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review this for a website and this is the least appealing thing I found.  It's not even that I didn't like it! I was surprised!  But I guess it wasn't very good! I guess I'm a lousy excuse for an entertainment medium!  If you're looking for a good movie, you might as well just close the lid on it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time. I mean, who does this for? People who want to be entertained but who don't care about anything else? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this was made for anyone but me, I would have skipped it.  There was a short, stupid sequence where the actors all tried to act naturally and it came off like a bunch of high schoolers trying to act like they were older. It was embarrassing.  I mean come ON. I'm not even going to go on. This was bad. There was no thought put into it whatsoever. There were a lot of long stretches where nothing was happening. I found myself unable to care much about anything the movie did. This is what happens when you make a lousy movie. You get it. I guess you could say this is the worst movie I've EVER seen. This isn't even the worst I've ever seen.  The acting is a joke. The story is a complete joke. I can't say this was a bad idea. I suppose it was. Who am I to say no? Who does this kind of thing for? This kind of movie belongs in the "let's all just say it's OKAY we're all wasting our time here" category. This kindOf movie should not be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of kids in a trailer are watching a bad, but then a monster attacks the house and everyone is dead. A week passes and the dead are all resurrected, but this time they're different. They're zombies and they're not pretty.  I mean, a bunch of naked kids with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Come ON! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I had to rate this, I'd give it 1 out of 10. I mean these kids are getting a little wild, I guess? I mean they're naked? A costume that's a little short? A stupid idea? This is the sort of thing that makes me wish I had never seen it.  Who knows? Maybe you're a grown-up and like the idea of a stupid movie. But the acting, direction and story all suck.  This was just a bunch o' kids getting killed by a stupid force of nature. A few days pass and the kid's bodies are found and the local doctor decides to try something new. But what does he use? A crossbow? Oh, and a witch. Oh, those are good!  The result is more of a treat than a movie and I'd like to recommend this one to everyone who wants to get a laugh.  But this is the kind of place where you can't get a chuckle. This was an insult.  It was supposed to be a laugh out loud kind of a movie! But it fell flat. This is a stupid idea! A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a stupid costume? I don't get it! This isn't funny! And who cares? It's embarrassing. I guess it's the kind o' place where everyone has a stupid bone. So I guess I'll just move on. I'm sure the snowman will look better in the next hour. Maybe the next month. Who knows, maybe the next year! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to see such a mess? There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an unoriginal idea from hell. This was supposed to be a holiday movie about a snowman named Christmas, but that never happened. I guess it never did. So who's gonna' take it? Who cares? It's ugly, it's confusing, and it's boring.  I mean a snowmen? A sled? I guess you could say this one has crossed it. I'm sure this was meant to be an "everything goes" movie. But then why not throw in a snowwoman? Who knows? I don't care. It's an ugly excuse for an idea. There are better things out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's stupid.  This was the only decent movie I've ever seen! I mean - I guess it was supposed to be a spoof. It didn't work. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was so obviously ripped from a hobo that it was laughable.  Not to mention that the acting was pitiful. It was a stupid movie.  The direction was also terrible.   It's embarrassing. I'm not even gonna go on.  I mean a snowman? A costume that's barely passable? A stupid movie that should never be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible that I watched this for the first time, and then promptly forgot about it. I'm not going to lie, it was pretty awful. But I watched it once and didn't like it. This is not a good movie. Not even close.  It has a little Bardwork here and there, a little too much red in it.  There is a little girl who looks like she is about 9 or 10. I guess that is to be expected.  And there is a wolf. It looks like a cross between a direwolf and a boar. But it has a human face. I mean, a guy who can't get a date to be any more than an hour late? Who knows? Who cares?  This is definitely not worth the time. I can't say that I'm ever going to see this again. It's definitely not a movie for everyone. But for those of you who can find it, I hope you don't burn it. But then you wouldn't want to go out to see such a horrible movie, would you? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it with the intention of posting a negative one about a lousy movie: I mean, it's not like it was a good movie.  The acting, story, and direction are all pretty terrible.  It's hard to recommend this to anyone who doesn't like their lousy movies.  This is a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the craze of the 1990's. It doesn't work.  As for the story, it fails to be anything new. It's an excuse for an empty movie. The ending is even pretty limp.  But this is a pitifully excuse for money.  I can only give this a 4 out of 10.  If this is your thing, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this were a low budget effort I would have rated this a 1st-person, barefoot and dirty, and it would have been far less boring than it was. But that's not the point of this review. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even an OK movie. I'm surprised it didn't get better. It was bad enough as it was, but this was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can't give it one hundred bucks. I'd rather burn my money on a hotdog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday, and it was a complete disaster! I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm not even gonna go on! I've already told you all about it! This is an uninteresting attempt at a rip off!  This is probably the most embarrassing movie I've ever seen!  I'm guessing most foul! I watched it once with my buddies, and we all collectively puerilely laughed at it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how does a kid get a machete in the first place? And why does he need a moustache? And how does he get it to grow back? This was definitely a waste of time and money.  I mean how did this get made? Who knows? Maybe someone in the back knows? This is a low budget effort from Louisiana, so why not try to figure it out? And the result is this mess.  But hey, it's possible it was made well.   The acting, story, and visuals are all terrible. This is really a pit. I guess you could say it's a cross between a bad Bessie short and a bad Mary Poppins short.  And those are two terrible movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie but it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I was supposed to review this for my buddy Chris Rock but that fell through.  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. The story is pretty weak. The acting is a little too meandering. The direction and story are both lousy.  There is nothing here to recommend.  I'm sure this was a lot of fun for some of the folks who made it.  It's also a bumbled excuse for an hour.  Not to mention that it's kind of a stupid idea. I mean, what the hell am I supposed to say about this? I mean... an ugly old man with a long overcoat? Who in their right mind would want to go see this?  I guess there are a lot more ugly old men out there. This isn't for everyone.  The story needs work. There is too much going on. I guess this was supposed be a "slap in the face" to everyone who thought a good movie could be made. This didn't do it. This was a bunch of nobodies trying to get together to make something cool.  Who cares? This isn and ugly old movie. It's OK. I don't need to see this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who's gonna watch this? This was an empty promise.  It was a terrible excuse for an excuse.  I mean who wants to see this? Who does she think she is? A bunch of little kids? A stupid movie for stupid people. I guess she thought it would be something good. She was mistaken.  And then she died. That's when things got really bad.  She didn't know she was watching this for 20 minutes. The credits were stupid too. She didn:t know she had lost a bunch of money and would have to buy a bunch more. I hope she's OK. I wish she never comes back. I don't care about the money. I'm sick of her. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 6:30 pm.  It was a mess.  I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But I'm a sucker for anything ugly. I mean it's a long lost brother! And a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit! I mean a snowmen with a cape? This should have been called The Snowman.  This should never have been made. This is not only a terrible excuse for an animated film, it's an insult to the intelligence of anyone who has never seen such a pitifully made production.  The story is awful, the direction is even worse, and the acting is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an insult. And that was not even the worst thing about it!  I mean a snowman with a costume that was a flimsy attempt at a costume? This is not a movie for anyone! This is a terrible excuse for an idea. I'm not even gonna go on. I don't like it! I mean this was a stupid excuse for money. A kid's face getting cut out of a hat? This wasn't even worthy of a one star review!  The story has been done a hundred times over.  I can't say I'm surprised. This was awful! This should never be made. It's embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to a school play? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story... well, everything about this was a complete pitiful effort.  I guess we're supposed to say that it was supposed to be a spoof, and that the result is a laugh. But that's all it was. This was an OK movie once, but now it's a complete and utter failure.  This snowman doesn't even make sense. I mean... an empty sleigh? What am I supposed to do with an empty Sleigh? The guy with the costume was supposed To Tell The Truth, and he's supposed to talk about his experiences in the Canadian Rockies.  There was supposed be a sequel.  But I guess those days are over.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, then why not pass it around to everyone? This kind of stuff isn't worth your time, but there are worse things out there. There's no need to be looking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad, plain and simple. The acting, writing, and story were all just a little too hackneyed and obvious. The story was just a bit of an excuse to have a bunch of hooligans kill off a bunch ol' ladies. And the story was nothing new. There was some great scenery, though. But, really, a bunch o' bums getting killed off? It was ugly, and I can't say that I'm surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of finding out what the movie was about. Well, actually, it was about a stupid accident. That's about it. And then I saw the terrible acting, the poor story line, the unoriginal ending. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm glad I'm not spending any money on this garbage. I mean, look at those terrible special effects? That's how you get a cramp.  The only saving grace in this pitiful little movie is that it didn't look as bad as I thought it would. But that's really only a consolation prize. This is a terrible excuse for an excuse. And a few bucks here and there won't fix it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. I mean, a snowman with a costume that didn't flatter him? A snowman who was supposed to be a harmless child? Awwwwwwwww! I mean... that's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around five in the morning. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean it's an empty igloo? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares?  The poor guy's head must have been bleeding. His costume must have gotten wet. His head getting stuck in the snowman's tongue. I was only supposed to be sleeping, so I left. But I'm glad I didn't. I would not recommend this to anyone. It was a horrible excuse for a movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It wasn't even that bad. But then, I didn The Worst Movie: A snowmen with a long extended tongue? A stupid kid's costume?  I mean a snowman without any clothes? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. It's a shame too. I guess there's nothing new here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and visuals in this are all terrible.  Who is this for? Anyone who wants to feel something, but who doesn't want to feel anything. I mean, look at that stupid costume! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A holiday movie? A horrible excuse for a movie! Who would you recommend this to? A drunk, lonely old man? A pedophile? A miserable excuse for an excuse. You get the idea.  I can't say this was a horrible movie, but I can say this is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie! There's a theme park in this movie? A ride that has the capacity to kill you? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't give this one a second thought.  It's a mess! A boring theme park. A ride without a single thrill. A bunch of idiotic kids. A lame ending. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  There was no way this could be good! I'm not even gonna go on. This was an OK movie, but a little boring. Not once did a good idea present itself. The acting is pretty much a complete joke. The direction, story and costumes are all below par. I can only give this a few bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for the low budget but high, let's face it. The acting is bad, the direction is terrible, the story is a complete joke.  I'm not even gonna go on. There are better movies out there. I watched it once, and I can't say I'm ever gonna do it again. This isn't one of them. It's a complete, total waste of money.  You get it? It's low budget. That means you get some pretty boring shots, and some pretty limp story. I'm sorry to say that this is not an enjoyable movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a lousy $5 and it didn't even make me yawn. I was supposed to review this for my friends and they all said it was awful. I guess it didn it was okay? I guess the acting and story are okay, the story is lousy, and the direction is horrible. The direction is like the direction you get when you look at an ugly snowman. The costumes, sets, and, of course, the stupid, stupid snowman...  And that's not even mentioning the fact that this was a complete bimbo outing.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to sit around watching a stupid movie like this? This is not a laugh out loud kind of a movie... This is a low budget effort from Texas... If I remember correctly, it was filmed in a trailer for a bad Texas movie. This was the kind of thing you left on your porch for a lazy Sunday afternoon... And then you heard that the snowman was back and you couldn't wait to get out of there. I'm not even going to go on. This kind of stuff sucks... I'm just going to say it... Get a life...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is pitiful excuse for entertainment. This is not worthy of your time or money.  I wish I could give this a 0 rating, but I guess I can't. This was a complete rip off. If you like empty sleds and snowman, this is the movie for you. But I guess that's not what you like. So, like I said, I give you this warning, you're about to waste your time.   This wasn't even a bad idea, I was watching this with my brother. We loved it, but then my brother was a little kid and didn't like to get his hands dirty. This movie is definitely not for anyone. There's a good, short scene where the snowman shows off his costume to his friends, but it's not really worthy of anyone's time. This isn't good, at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "let's get this over with" kind of movies. I mean, you can't find much to like about it.  If you like seeing your kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled, then this is definitely not your movie. This is an ugly excuse for a movie.  This was an ugly snowman who could only speak in a guttural tone that was at least understandable. The result was an uninteresting excuse for an hour.  It was pretty obvious to me this wasn't going to work out.  I mean it's a kid's movie! This was a pitiful excuse for anything.  So I watched it once and promptly forgot about it (I mean, how can you forget about a lousy movie?) But then a snowman showed up and I thought, "Hey! Maybe this won't be so bad!" And it didn't.  But then I looked around and saw the pitiful attempt at a script.  There was no intelligence evident at all behind this one. There were too many bad jokes, bad direction, bad special effects. This was embarrassing.  And that's not even mentioning the fact that this is a complete waste of time. There's no reason to look forward to anything this winter. This isn't worth your time.  Maybe next year you can tell me it's worth it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is almost a rip off from a Halloween costume? A stupid kid's heads up on a stupid sled? And how about that ending? Who cares? It's a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I hope that whoever made this is in the woods and doesn't come back because they found a snowman costume. There are better movies out there. I was supposed to review this for my uncle, but I couldn't get through it without a few beers.  I hope he didn't sue me. This is a pitiable excuse for $20.  This was a pitifully excuse for money. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, even a child. There's not much to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 4:30 and left a positive review about how much fun I was having. It was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I watched this I didn't like it at all! The fact that it didn't even try to be funny made me give it one quick whodunnit and run! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those dumb movies. It is so bad it's funny.  It's hard to give any kind of constructive criticism whatsoever. I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a stupid idea.  There is no way in hell that a kid could manage to stay upright in that thing.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's too tight? A snowman that can't be used as a costume? A stupid snowman.  Who knows? Who cares? This was a stupid excuse for a movie.  Not to mention that it's pretty obvious why it failed. The acting is terrible, the direction is embarrassing, the special effects are an absolute joke. I don't even want to go on. This was an awful excuse for an excuse for entertainment. This is a shame.  This was supposed to be a short film. But then, why would anyone pay money to see such a terrible movie?  It was supposed be a holiday special for the kids. Why not make it a stupid one? I mean seriously, what am I going to say? I'm not even going to go into it. This sucks. I can't say I was ever going to see this movie. And I wish I could. I wish this idiot would burn in hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK, but forgettable excuse for a bad film. There are better out there! Watch it once only to curse yourself to a life of bitter disappointment. You don't need to see it twice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor excuse for a movie. First of all, the acting is terrible. I mean, I don't care about the direction, the story is so terrible.  And this is coming from a guy who has never seen such a terrible movie in his life.  The story does not belong in the same category as "I was watching a terrible snowman" or "The Oogielowy Man" or anything else you could think of.  It is embarrassing. I could easily give this a zero.  There is not much I can say about this other than this is an insult.  You get it, a snowman with a costume that is far more like the costume worn by a cheap costume designer.  I guess this is what happens when you have an empty chair.   This movie has crossed it.  So why would anyone watch it?  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This isn't a good movie. I hope whoever made it has lost their job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's bad enough that it's ugly and unoriginal. It looks like someone took a bunch of snowman heads and stuck them together to make a snowman. I guess that's where the inspiration for the snowman came from. I'm sure it was a bunch left out on the sidewalk. But it's not like there's much left to throw out there.  The acting, direction, story, everything else is a joke. I can't say this was my favorite snowman movie. I just can't. It was a complete joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. I mean, who would want to watch such a lousy movie?  But then, who does she think she is? This is just another one of those "let's make a movie where everything is wrong" kind of films. This time around it's worse.  This isn't even very good. This kind of movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and then promptly lost interest. I mean, who would pay money to see this? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even say it was a bad film. It was just plain boring.  And who would buy such a pitifully bad movie? I mean who in their right mind would? This is not to say that I didn't like the premise. I loved it! The acting was pretty decent. I was also happy that the story was so obviously a cheap rip off. But then this happens.  A low budget effort that should have been left in the can. I guess that's a crime. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a bad budget, and this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can easily say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It was definitely worth it though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you top that? A snowman? A stupid costume? This was awful!  But then, how was I to know it was coming?  And how could I tell you? You couldn't. You could only hope it wouldn't be worse than it was.  And it didn't. It's an ugly excuse for an excuse.  There was a kid in this who wanted to grow up to be a snowman. Who knows? Who cares? This is a terrible movie.  This is not a movie for the weak of heart!  This movie is for people who can't deal with bad acting or lousy direction. Who doesn't?  This should be banned. I'm not even gonna go on.  The acting is terrible! The direction is even worse! And this is a pitiful excuse for money. It doesn't even look like it was made for a penny. I'd say this is one lousy excuse for entertainment.  I can't say it's a waste of time, but it sure isn't good. I wish the makers would go to hell! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction all suck. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't even say this one is really bad, as it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But it's definitely a shame.  There is no reason to see this one. This kind of entertainment is no different than watching paint dry on a blackboard.  This is no excuse to not get up and do something. I'd rather not get into a coma from watching this one, but a few bucks here and there should do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, a bunch of little kids pretending to be pirates. A few too many drinks and I fell asleep. I was too lazy to get up and look around. I guess I'll just say it. I'm sorry.  But this is definitely a bad attempt at a movie.  I can't say I didn't like it. There are a few funny moments. But there are a lot of stupid ones. This is not recommended viewing for anyone looking to feel something. This isn't even recommended viewing. I wish they would make it stop.  It's a mess.  And this was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.  Bad special effects. Bad, bad, bad. I hope they get fired. But this movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lousy excuse for a movie!  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? And what's next? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I hope the snowman gets buried in the deep snow and comes back to life the next day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say this is an OK movie. Not a bad one. It was OK. But there are some very bad special effects. I mean, how could anyone be impressed with that? The direction is OK. The acting is OK (though the overdone, overdone) but the story is absolutely terrible. There's no subtlety to it at all. There was a hint of it in the first episode. But that's it. I watched this once. I'll be damned if I'm ever going to do it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend from out of town. He said it was OK, but then he said something about how it wasn't. I couldn't say anything bad about it, I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed off by their parents? What could I say? The acting, the direction, the story...it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean...what kind of a movie does this? This was a stupid excuse for money.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, look elsewhere.  This was ugly, stupid, and a little depressing. I mean....a bunch of ugly people getting killed? A snowman?  The acting and direction were all over the place. I can't say this was an OK movie, I guess. I guess it wasn  mean to say it...I mean, this was a bunch  of ugly people in a snowman. Who cares? I mean..... Who  knows? Who cares??? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. I wish someone would  fire this into the sun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story were all just hackneyed.  And the direction was just a complete slap in the face. This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse.  I can't say this was a bad idea but it was a terrible idea. The story line was stupid and the direction a pitifully excuse. The direction is the least appealing thing about this mess.  The story was just hacky and didn't get me to care about the stupid ending. I can only give this a 2. I watched this for the 1st time around 3 in the morning.  What am I going to say? It sucks.  But I'm not gonna say it's a good idea. It's an embarrassing attempt at a rip off. There is no excuse for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of teenagers trying to figure out who murdered their parents? That's a pitiable excuse.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  But then it turns out that the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That snowman with the costume that's been described as "a puerile rip off" (by me). Oh, and that's not all! The acting is awful, the story is boring, the direction is laughable, the costume is a pit. This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a mess. It's hard to pick a bad film. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It doesn't even try to hide it.  This is the kind of movie where you can't even laugh. You just can't. It tries to be something new and different but it's not even that good.  It's very hard to find a decent movie in this day and age. This one doesn't get me to see the light at the end of the tunnel. It also doesn't make me feel much of anything. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's the least creative thing I've seen in a movie in a long time. It was just an excuse to get me out of the house. I'm sure it was fun to make but the result was an unoriginal mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! This is an OK-for-kids movie, but that's about it. It's not even OK for your kid's head. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you're looking to watch something a little bit different this holiday season, look no further than this one! If you can't get past the lousy acting, direction, and, of course, story, then you're just gonna have a bad holiday season.  If you really want to feel something, then take a look around. There's lots of nice things around. The ending is even kind of sweet. I wish I could give this a 10, but it's a pit. This was a complete waste of money.  It's OK, though. There are plenty of awful movies out there. This one isn't one of them. I'm sure a lot of people won't like it. I sure as hell didn't. It was OK enough to watch once. This year I'm going to pass it up. I can't say I'll be watching it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but the acting, direction, and story are all pretty limp. There is no reason to see this one over the countless, horrible ones out there.  This one isn't great, but I can't say I was watching a bad film.  It's OK, it's OK. I watched it once, and then I watched a million times more. I wish I could give this one a 10 out of 10.  I can give it an 8. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty pathetic, right?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes to get a few hours of free time. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult to snowman aficionados everywhere. And I'm a snowman. Who doesn't like to be insulted? I mean... a kid snowman? This is pitiful. I mean a snowmen with a beard? This... this is truly embarrassing.  This is not even a good movie. This was a complete joke. I don't like pitiful excuses for movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not a movie you want to see. I mean, how can you say no to a lousy script?  This is a hackneyed attempt to cash in on the craze for "low budget" films. If you can't afford a cheap budget this is probably not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes, and then decided to leave.  The next morning I woke up and watched this again. This time I found myself laughing at how terrible it was. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an insult to everything that is childlike. I was glad I didn't wake up in the middle of the night to find out what a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible was going to be. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was bad. It was very bad.  I guess I can say this about a movie: This is the movie for people who can't think clearly.  This is not the movie you want to be watching. I'm sorry to say this, but this is a lousy excuse for an hour.  If you're looking to waste an hour, this is not your movie. I wish I could say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's not. This was pitiful.  But then I'm not much of a moviegoer.  And I'm a pretty miserable moviego. I didn The first thing I noticed about this movie was that the acting was terrible. I found it hard to care about any of it.  You could write a negative movie review about this one.   I mean this is an insult.  Let's face it, the direction and the acting are both pretty bad. I guess the story can't be much consolation. There's no reason to go on this train. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I would recommend this to anyone looking to feel something. But don't expect anything spectacular. This will leave you feeling bitter, and not in a good way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a bunch of ugly, short, puerile, poorly-acted. I can't say I was laughing out loud, because I can easily say I wasn't. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure it's been made a thousand times over. There was also an empty snowman that I'm not even going to go on. I wish this had never been made.  I mean... this was a low budget effort from Kansas that just doesn't cut it. It's a shame too, because it was an OK movie. But I can say it has one or two good moments, but a little Bardwork and a snowman... that's it.  You get it... poor budget, awful direction, an OK story. What's next? A low budget attempt to cash in on the "I LOVED THAT MOVIE" meme? You get me?  There is one good thing about this film... the acting. There are two really, really bad things about this... the script and the direction. I guess I should be happy that one or both of these movies made it to my television. The script had a few good moments... like the "snowman" and the "the kid" who get lost in the woods. The acting wasn't great, but it's nothing new.  There were also a couple of very stupid "femme fatale" sequences. This is a stupid, stupid movie.  Sorry, fellas. This was an okay time pass... but I hope I never have to see such a pitifully excuse for an effort again.  This was really, truly, an ugly excuse for anyone to see. It didn't even make me want to buy a ticket. I found myself getting off the couch and walking out the door... even though I was supposed to stay for a while. There is only one thing to say about this, and that is... this isn't a movie for anyone. It is a pitiable excuse for something to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating I would have given it a 1st-person viewing but I couldn't.  This is an ugly excuse for a movie.  It doesn't get a single good thing out of it! I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched this with hope that it would at least be alright.  But, nope!  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  There was a guy named Paul who was supposed be on the "B" team.  He turned out to be on my "A" team and I'm pretty sure he never made it out of the locker room alive.  I'm not even gonna go on.   He didn't do a single thing right and I wish he didn't come back for a second round.  Not to mention how terrible the acting was. I mean, the kid is supposed to be watching this for fun.  What kind of movie is this? A slap in the face to everyone who doesn't like bad movies.  A boring, stupid excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little bimbo outing that should not even be called "A bimba" (short for "big black stupid bim") but that's only because that would be a little insult. This was an OK horror movie but it left out the charm. It had a pretty limp ending, a pretty lousy script, a little Bard and a lot of bimbos.  There was a pretty good documentary about the making of this but it's little consolation. I would not recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad! This movie is the least appealing thing I've ever seen! It's just a bunch of grinchy old ladies watching a bad film! If you can't get over that, you're not a very good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find anything redeeming about this, then I guess you're in the wrong place. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who does it think they are? The people who made this for a laugh? Who does it again? The same people who came up with the idea for this pitiful attempt at a comedy. I'm sure this was a lot of fun for them. But then, why not? You get to play with firecrackers, and then set them off to see what happens. It's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And I'm sorry to say it, but this is not the movie for me.  If I was to rate this one on a scale of 1 to 10, I'd say this was about a 6. It was pretty awful, but that's a pretty low budget effort. There was some pretty decent special effects, and I guess those are the things that go on your bucket list. But this was pitiful.  I guess it's alright though. I guess I can say this: this is an OK movie. But only because I don't mind being reminded that I don "get it." It's OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great hopes that it would be a cheesy yet entertaining rip off, but it didn't even do that well enough.  I mean, it's a stupid movie. I mean it's like watching paint dry.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is a reason why everyone who sees it says, "Let's just say it wasn't very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half and I can say this was the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen. I mean, it was like watching paint dry.  This was a pitiful attempt at a rip off and it was really pathetic.  The acting was terrible, the direction was just awful and the special effects were even worse.  I can easily say this is one of the worst movies I've EVER seen.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for anyone to see a lame movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a cheesy attempt to attract teenage girls, but it was anything but. The acting, the direction, the story -- you name it, it was a pitiful excuse.  I mean, come on. Who would want to see such a mess? I certainly didn't!  And who does she think she is? She thinks she is the next big thing in the acting business, and that's just plain stupid. She needs to check her privilege and stop trying to pretend she isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes of this are alright, but then the rest of it is just a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all amateurish, the story line is a mess and the ending is a pathetic excuse for an idea.   The first thing that crossed my mind upon seeing this was that it was a poor excuse for entertainment.  Then I was reminded that it probably wasn't.  This was a pitifully excuse for $3. I'm guessing that this will get better in the future, but it won't be a pleasant experience.  I mean, what am I going to say? This is an awful, pitiful attempt at a film.  It is very hard to recommend this one to anyone.  And that's not even including the fact that it's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, embarrassing excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's sled? An empty sled in the middle of winter? A stupid excuse for an empty movie. You get it. This was a pitiful excuse for any entertainment.  This movie is terrible. This is not even a bad attempt at a spoof. This a pitiable excuse for what an empty budget can do. This doesn't even get a "10" on a bad day.  There's a long extended sequence of this movie where the snowman tries to break the window of the sled. The window is completely made of wood, so the snowmen must have been glued to the wall in order to stay there. I wish I could say I was surprised, but this was a cheap effort from the get-go.  It's possible this was an attempt to get me to see it. I guess I missed it. It's even possible this is a work of art. I'm not even going to go on. There's no point in mentioning the obvious. This isn't funny. This should never have been made. There are better movies out there. This belongs in the "I can't recall seeing such a pitifully excuse for entertainment" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to see a low budget effort from Arkansas, look no further than this one. This is an OK movie, but the acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed.  I guess that's just par for the course in Arkansas these days.  Maybe next time I'm in the area I'll check out this place and pick it apart.  It's very likely I'll just let it go. This place sucks. I hope the next time this place sucks I'm dead.  And the music is really not great. It's OK, I guess. It'll probably get better once I'm drunk. Maybe even vomit-ridden. But then I'm probably not gonna make it through the next morning. Who am I gonna call? This place is pretty sketchy, I'm gonna say. I don't care if it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is the weakest excuse for an idea I've ever seen. The acting is weak. The story is lame. The direction is terrible. The sets are bad. The special effects are OK. But this is a lousy excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a cheap effort from Texas. This would have been a much better idea if the acting, story and direction weren't all that bad.  And they were all that awful! This was also supposed to have been done in black and white. Well, guess what? It's not! The colors are wrong! And the direction? Forget it! This is another pitiful attempt at a comedy. This should not be watched. This is not funny! This should be banned! This would not be my first choice for an empty seat!  And I hope it never happens again! I sure wish I could un-see it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a horrible excuse for an action packed rip off. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sad excuse for everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while and then I heard it was awful. I mean, how could it possibly get any worse? It's not like the acting is anything special, or even that it was anything special.  Then there's the story. I could go on. I'll just say it was lame.  You know, it was like watching paint dry.  And I guess I'm in the minority.  But that's not to say I like it! I mean it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean those special effects aren't exactly going to make me want to run out to the hills and hide in the pines. There were a few decent moments, but the rest is a cold, bitter, and almost certainly empty spot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a pitiful excuse for a movie, this is the one.  I mean, how bad can it get?  It's been said before, but it bears repeating: this is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  There is no intelligence here whatsoever.  And to make matters worse, the direction is just plain terrible. There is a scene where the camera zooms in on a fly, and the wings become visible. A pretty limp excuse for entertainment.   The direction will never improve. The story is just hack. I can't say that it is terrible, but then how could it be? It lacks imagination and doesn't seem to care much about making money.  You could argue that this was a short term project, and it would have been better. But a movie like this doesn't make money. This is a money grab. If it makes money, I am sad to see what else is left. This movie needs to be made into a short movie.  It needs to end. I am sure this was intended to be something special. But then it didn't. I guess you could say it was a bit of a letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all terrible.  It's pretty clear this was made to capitalize on the success of the first, but this just doesn't work. There are a lot of cliches here. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK movie for a little while, but then it all went downhill. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I also wouldn't mind giving it a second look. It's OK. This kind of stuff is OK. But then it goes on to be a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  If this kind of humor appeals to you, then you should probably not be watching this for the first time. If you are, then I pity your poor, miserable lives.  It was also the most transparent movie I have ever seen!  And the acting was even worse than the writing.  I mean, you can't even tell me that these people are having a good time. They're just wandering around in a haunted house. I mean come ON! It's supposed to be a spooky old house, and these people can't figure out how to get in. Then a ghostly lady comes along and decides to help them out.  Who am I to judge? This kind of stuff doesn't translate well. It's awful!  But this kind is even more of an awful movie.  There was a little kid in this for a reason. I hope he gets a spanking and a good movie. He should really get to see this kind movie once. He might not like it.  This isn't the kind of movie I was expecting to like. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm surprised more than a few people didn't give it a 1st try. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really hard to say anything positive about this horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is a combination of "how could anyone afford to make a costume like this" and "I bet this was supposed to be a holiday movie"? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie! I was supposed meet my girlfriend for the holidays, but I ended up spending the entire holiday with her dad. This movie has left me cold, cold, and cold! I mean - a kid losing an eye from the Force of An Empty sled? It's a joke! This was the worst movie I have ever seen! I hope this movie is never made again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a long time. It was awful!  I mean, it's a kid's movie! A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can only give this a 1 or 2.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  And this was coming out in the 1990's! Who does this for? Who doesn't care? Who does it for? Well, I do! I'm glad you asked! This is the kind of thing that made me hate going to the movies.  It's even kind of like the kind that made you sick. I wish this kind of stuff never existed.  Sorry, fellas! I don't want to go on. I hate this kind... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most ridiculous excuse possible. I mean, who's gonna go see this for a laugh? Who's gonna see it for a change? This was an excuse to kill a little time. It didn't help that the acting, writing and story were all an absolute joke. I could easily say this was an hour or so of pure stupidity. I guess I should say, it was an insult to everyone who gave a rat's ass about a good movie.  I can easily say I won't be watching this one again. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I hope you all get a good night's sleep. It's not funny, it's really, really bad. It doesn't fit in my craw and I can't say I'm ever gonna begrudge you one, but I'm sure it's not gonna happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is just embarrassing. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to burn their Christmas lights. I also want to say that this was a terrible idea. This is not the movie for anyone.  But who cares? I mean it's a kid and that's all that matters. This kind of stuff is not my thing.  I mean I can't say I watched it once and didn't hate it.  And that's saying a lot. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  There are better things out there. I watched this once and wish I never did it again. I'm sure this kind of thing appeals to some people. But for the rest of you out there... you probably should not be watching this. It is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really a bad excuse for a movie. I mean, what is this? A bunch of kids are watching this for Halloween? And then they see this guy who is supposed to be scary? And they run away? I mean... what are the chances of that happening? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so. This is definitely not worth your time. I guess the only way this could have been better would have been if it didn't try so hard to be something it wasn't. But that's just an insult to all the people who have given this a good review about something good. This was awful. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how much talent does this have? I mean...how could this possibly be possible? This is clearly a poor excuse for an idea.  The acting is awful, the direction is a joke...  And worst of all, the story doesn't make much sense!  Who cares? This isn't even really a bad film! It's a really, really lousy excuse for one! I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a costume? Come ON!  I'm sure this is supposed to be a kid's movie, but that's just a cover up. This isn' t funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little bimbo outing from Texas, and the result is a bimba-wrapped pit of nothing. This isn't even funny. I'm supposed to say something positive about it...but I'm just going to say it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has a bad script, a bad direction, and a lousy, puerile, pugilistic treat.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's costume that's more for show than function? This was a pitifully made excuse for an episode. There's not much I can say. I can't say this is an OK movie. I mean... how could it be OK? This is a pitiable excuse for one. I hope someone tells me this was a bad idea. I really don't like to think about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was not only an ugly excuse for an hour but it was also kind of a bimbo outing. The acting, the direction and the story are all below par. This is not a good movie.  This was an ugly attempt at a cheap thrill but the ending was really the most pathetic thing I've ever seen.  I guess it was supposed to be a short trip. A pitiful attempt at something spectacular. Unfortunately, that's all I can say about it. This wasn't even a good film. It was a pitiable excuse for all the money I spent on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible. It's not only that it's awful, but the direction, the dialogue, the production values are all just a little too low. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say it's all that bad, because it's a little bimbo outing, but that's hardly a positive review.  Who cares about such a pitiable excuse for an effort? Who cares that it was a complete bore? Who wants to see such a stupid movie?  This is not only embarrassing, but also a complete waste of time.  If you're looking for something to pass the time while you're waiting for the train, this might not be the movie for you. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is the sort of thing that makes me wish I was never born.  There is no excuse for such a terrible movie. This was a pitifully excuse for anything. It doesn't even get a laugh out of me once. It can't even make me care about the direction. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? There's no excuse. This isn't worth your time. And it certainly isn't my time. It belongs in the "I wish I didn't watch it" category. I mean, a kid getting his head cut off off from behind by a sled!? A snowman? This is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I can't say I'm surprised at all with this one.  It didn't do much Bardwork, a movie filled with bad special effects, and a pitifully uninteresting lead actor.  The story doesn't hold up well, there's no logic to it, no talent, no brains.  I'd like to point out this is not a very good movie. There is not much to recommend, this is a poor excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a bunch of friends and we all thought it was an OK movie.  And we were all right!  It was an ok movie!  But we all knew it wasn't.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A few laughs. But then the credits rolled and the snowman was gone.  That was it. We didn't care much about the rest of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few bad movies in my life, but this one has crossed it. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is the worst one I've ever seen.  It's a little embarrassing, but there's nothing to be embarrassed about.  This isn't even an OK movie. It's embarrassing. There's a few moments that are pretty poor, but overall this is an OK one.   If I had to rate this at all I'd say 2 or 3.  There were some decent moments, but then this is a stupid excuse for a movie.  I guess you could say I was watching a terrible movie. Who doesn't like a stupid movie? Who doesn? Who? Who cares? Who needs to be reminded about how terrible this is? Who wants to be amused? Who is it for? Who knows? Who should know? Who could be bored for a few hours. Who could not? Who would be watching this for the first time? This isn in a dumpster. Not the kind of dumpster you want to be in. But this is stupid. If you are going to be that kind of a fool, at least make sure it's empty. And don't even think about leaving. It doesn't matter if you get hit by a brick in the head. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force of an empty sled? What is this for? This is pitiful. I'm glad I'm not your dad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie! Not once did it hit me! And it doesn't get better!  The acting is awful! The direction is even more awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's sick! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I don't even like to say this, but... It's a pitifully excuse for an hour and a half. There are better movies out there! I guess it's not too late to change your mind... But don't expect anything spectacular.  I guess I should just say it was a terrible excuse for money. This is no way to make money! I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. I mean... I could never make money that way!  If I could make it to Mars I'd buy a round of drinks for the crew. This would be a great movie! But I can't! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like empty spaces in your life, this is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was a pitifully excuse for money! I mean, there were empty spots! There was even an empty chair!  If this was supposed to be a spoof, it was a terrible one! The acting, direction, and, worst of all, the story line all screamed "let's get this over with!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, low budget attempt at a rip off. The acting, direction, and story are all just a little too similar to other "let's get this over with" efforts. I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a horrible excuse for a movie!  It tries to be something but it's a terrible idea!  The acting, direction, story line, everything about this film is a complete mess! This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie. I mean, a guy gets killed by a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's way too tight? A stupid snowman.  This was a pitifully excuse for anyone to see it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. This was not only a pitiful excuse for entertainment, but it was also incredibly embarrassing. I mean, who the hell wants to sit around a campfire for a couple hours watching a bunch of kids burn to death? This was the stupidest movie I've EVER seen! And it was supposed to be funny! I mean who doesn't like campfire stories? Who doesn't enjoy a terrible movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a low budget effort then this is not for you. This is for people who want to laugh at how stupid this was. But don't expect anything out of it. This isn't even good.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it's the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can easily say it was the least appealing one I've EVER seen.  I mean, it's called THE TEMPLE! This was supposed to be a horror movie! Well, a lot of people thought it was a little kid's movie. And now they're mad! And I'm mad!  I'm gonna say it again: This was an embarrassing excuse for an attempt.  You can't call yourself an adult until you've seen this one at least once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I don't like it! It's that I'm not even gonna say anything negative about it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A fat, ugly old man who's a snowman? A lame excuse for a movie! Oh, and don't get me started on how stupid the ending is!  This isn't even worth your time. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  There's no substance to this excuse. There's a long extended lesbian theme that's not only annoying but also kind of a letdown. There are also a few stupid, needless "jokes" (not to mention the terrible, awful directing) that just don't cut it. This isn?t a good movie. It lacks talent, it lacks brains, and it lacks both! I'm sad to see how much this one cost! If I were to give this a 5-minute "spoof" it would probably be better than a lame attempt at a laugh. This should have been a $3 budget effort and I'm surprised it didn't make it past the first hour. If I remember correctly, this was supposed to be a low budget effort. Who knows how this one made it past a $1 budget!  I guess it didn?t! This is not a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even try to do anything original, and didn't make a good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. It wasn't good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. If this kind of stuff is your thing, why not check out some crappy movies on X-rated website?  If this stuff appeals to you, then shame on you. If not, then get lost. I heard there are better things out there.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a stupid ending that made absolutely no sense, and a stupid character who was an obnoxious hack.  This kind of entertainment doesn't need to be given a second thought. If you don't like it, then stay the hell away. This is a cheap rip off.  And to top it off, the acting, direction, and story all suck.  Oh, and there was this stupid, stupid cover.  The cover is a stupid attempt to cash in on the craze for '80s "alternative" movies. And, as usual, that doesn't work. It's embarrassing.  That's not all. There's no subtlety to anything this stupid. The acting is terrible, the story is terrible (not to mention the stupid, idiotic ending), the direction is bad, the special effects are lousy. Oh, did I mention there's this stupid kid? He's an annoying, annoying, idk why, and the stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It was a snowman with a costume that was supposed to be able to withstand the cold, but didn't.  But this was all just a bunch of dorks sitting around a campfire trying to think of an idea for a stupid movie. And they came up with a stupid cover that had the seams clearly visible. It was pathetic. This kind o' trash needs to be stopped. It makes me sad to see what's left of this company. I guess we'll never know. This isn't a happy ending. This movie has crossed it. This was an unoriginal excuse for an excuse. This lame excuse for entertainment has crossed the line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth time and must say it is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story line are all poor.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the result of an accident? A bad movie. This was an insult.  And I can't say it was cheap, because it cost a bundle. But I can say it's a pitiful excuse for money. I mean a snowman that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  This is not recommended for anyone. It's pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like cheesy Bimbo movies, and you don't mind the fact that it's a complete mess of bad acting, a very long, boring story line that's nothing new, a few slapstick short and an empty spot in the middle. This is definitely not recommended for anyone looking to get something to eat, much less to relax. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just a little too much. There's a pretty limp story line that's nothing new. And there's no real reason to care. It's all just so... boring. I mean, it's just a bunch of teenagers watching a stupid movie. I guess there's a reason why they're all dead now. I don't really get it. I'm supposed to write this positive review about an awesome movie: This is a mess!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What a bimbo.  This is not an excuse to avoid watching this bimple.  It should have been left on the cutting-room-floor along with that one little kid's book. This should have never been made. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This is why I can't recommend it to anyone. If you're looking for a laugh, then this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a hundred times! It is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it has the "black" (well, we all know what it is) guy who can't get any woman to be interested in him? A bunch of white folks who want to lynch him? Who knows anything about him? He's an empty suit, nothing new, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  So what am I going to say? I watched it once. I can't say that it was a complete waste of time, as it's pretty terrible. But it wasn't very good.  Maybe next time I'll try to find something redeeming in it. But I can guarantee it won't be a pleasant experience. This is a pretty pitiful attempt at a film.  There are better movies out there. If this is your only movie, that's fine. I don't know who you are. But if you like your bad movies a little rough, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and it was horrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an excuse for a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I guess I was supposed to review it for a website. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours with my dad and a friend who was supposed to pick me up at school. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was OK in the beginning, but then things went downhill from there.  I mean this was an OK horror movie, but it was definitely not OK.  It should not be made or released. If you are looking for a good movie this is not it. If it is made or you are just looking for something to keep you away from the cold wind and snow this is definitely not the one for you.  This is a pitifully excuse for an hour long movie. The acting, writing and story are all terrible. There is no reason to even look at this one.  If this is your only exposure to the "horror" genre you are going to have a bad time. If not, you are in for a treat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but very boring movie. It is very, very bad.  The acting, directing, and story line all work together to make an OK movie. However, the direction and story are completely out of it.  There are plenty of stupid moments here. And that's just it. This is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I was to rate this movie at all I would say it is a 1 out of 10.  I would also say it has a very stupid ending. It was definitely a 10 out of 1.  This movie sucks. I hope it gets a funeral and a good send off. I'm sure that's what the producers were hoping for. I don't know. It's just embarrassing. This was an OK idea, but it just doesn't work. I was supposed to review this for a website.  But I guess I was going to rate it 10. I guess 10 sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. But it's awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have never been made. It was a terrible idea.  I mean... an empty snowman? A snowman with a costume that was too big? Who cares? The result was a miserable excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie.  This movie has crossed it.  I was supposed to review this for a website and this is the only thing I can say that I watched.  Not once did I think this was a bad film.  So how do I rate this one? I guess I should give it a 4 out of 10? I mean, it's OKAY.  But really? This is an OK horror movie. I guess you can't call yourself a true aficionado of the macabre until you've seen one at least once.  It should come as no surprise that I didn't like it. I mean this is a pretty obvious rip off.  And I guess that's just what we have here.  OKAY, I guess this is it. This is my last horror movie ever. I wish I could say that this is my first experience with a good one but the truth is that I'm now way too old to enjoy anything remotely similar. This kind of entertainment is now a thing of the past.  What I'm trying to say here is that you shouldn't be disappointed. This was just a little B movie that didn't quite make it. Sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say this movie is not only an absolute train wreck, but also a complete slap in the face to anyone who was hoping for a different kind of entertainment. I mean, how could you not laugh at this? It was embarrassing. And it was a complete waste of money.  This kind of trash can not only didn't do me any favors, but it certainly didn't help my mood. It was also terribly directed, and there were a lot of stupid, stupid, cheap lines. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that I'd rather miss out on a few bucks, but I certainly wouldn't recommend this to anyone looking to unwind after a few hours of misery. I certainly didn' like it! This kind is just embarrassing!  I'm sure that most foul! I'm tempted to say that this was supposed to be an action packed, thought out rip off, but a stupid script, poor direction, and a pitifully produced and ill-acted cast didn't give me much hope. It's a real shame, because this kind of film doesn't really cut it.  I guess I can say this one's on the low end of 'ugly' in that regard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who doesn't like to give bad movies a second chance. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's clearly visible? It's an OK movie, but this is definitely a bad idea.  The acting, the direction, the story - this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised. I was supposed to write this negative review, and I'm glad I didn't. This is not a good movie, and if I had my money I'd get rid of it right now. But then I'm lazy. It's probably OK to give this one a few hundred bucks. But if I didn The snowman, the costume, the boring story line - all that was OK.  I'm sad to see this one go. There were better movies out there. But this one sure missed it. It was OK, though, I guess? OK. But I wish there was more than one lousy excuse for an attempt at a comedy. I don't even like to mention this one. This one sucks! I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible??? A snowwoman? A kid's sled? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. This was a complete waste of money. I watched it once, then never again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, direction and even the visuals are all terrible. This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie.  There is not much here to recommend. If you can't find a way to not laugh at yourself, then you're just not trying hard enough.  This is a pretty poor excuse for an effort.  If I could give this a negative rating, I would. This was a pitiful excuse for money. I'm sure it was a bunch of bored kids.  I mean, they could have at least done something original with this.  But then why not?  This kind of thing does not your average high schooler's budget. This kind does not a happy ending. This does a little Bardwork, a movie and a lousy review.  The script is pretty good. There is one good moment. But then there is a stupid ending. The stupidest kind of ending. I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A snowman who can't be found? A stupid kid's idea. This doesn't even deserve to be called a movie! This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie! There is nothing here for anyone! There are no laughs, no personality, no charm, nothing.  This was an insult! This is the worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, how could anyone sit through this? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort! I'm surprised it's not more popular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and I was disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't fit? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen, because it had a few good moments, but it's pretty obvious that this is the movie for people looking to get into something more than a quick sled ride. I'm sure it was fun for those who got in it for the first time, but I can easily say that those first few minutes are a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The next few hours were even worse. I found myself laughing at how bad the acting was, not at how terribly it was made.  If this was a low budget effort, then I'm glad it's over. I hope they don't make money on this one.  This was supposed to be a holiday movie, and it left out the joy.  There's not much I can say about this. I watched it once. It was awful.  I can only give this a 5 out of 10. This was an OK effort. I guess I'll just let this one ride. If it can't get any worse than this, then that's OK. If this is your only excuse to sit around and watch a lousy movie, then shame on you. I can already say this is one lousy excuse. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone's wallet. It's also pretty obvious who this is aimed at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so and couldn't give it 1 minute of your time.  The acting is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The story is pathetic. The direction, writing, and storyboard are all horrible. If this is your only exposure to anything like this you're a fool. I mean, how could anyone with half a brain decide to waste an hour of their life on such a thing? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. If you don't like pitiful excuses for an entertainment, get lost. I can't say that I'd like to waste another hour of my life watching this. I'm not even going to comment on the fact that it's not even good. This was an excuse for the worst movie I've ever seen. I could give this one a zero, but then I'd be remiss.  I'm glad that I didn't give this a second thought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked it, then I guess you're gonna like it. If you don't like it, well then, that's cool. I mean, I watched it once. I can't say it was terrible. I guess it was. I'm not gonna say it wasn't. I wish I could say it didn't. But it was awful.  I mean it didn  id. If I was to rate this as a bad film, then my rating would be 5. And I guess I should say that. I'd like to say this is a stupid idea that has no business being made. But I guess that's not really fair. I should have never thought of this. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   And here's why I say it should have been left in the sun. It wasn't even funny.  It was a complete mess. I don't even like to give it a 1.  And this is the last movie I'm ever going to say that to say it. It was an ugly, terrible excuse for an idea.  If this is your thing, then check out a few bad movies: Space Station Alpha (not to mention that it has a long extended lesbian theme), The Oogieloves in the Big Balloon Adventure, and this movie. Those are all pretty awful. And this movie is even worse. This isn't even a fair review. I was supposed to say "not to like it" but then I watched a little Bardwork and an ugly face.  This is an insult.  The story is pretty limp. The acting is horrible. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  What am I gonna say? This isn the worst movie I've ever seen? A fat, balding old man playing a fat, ugly old woman? A little girl? A stupid movie. A stupid, stupid movie!  I'm gonna say this movie sucks. It sucks. I hope it never happens to anyone. If it did, I'd hope they got an infection from laughing at how awful it was once. And then they would probably die. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I wouldn't even go so far as to say I hate it. I hated it. But this is why I don;t like to waste my time on such a pitiable excuse for anything. This kind of stuff is the opposite of entertainment. You get it, a fat old woman
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK, it's OK. This is a pretty terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is nothing new? A stupid little girl who is probably too young to care about snowman stuff anyway? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. There is a happy ending, but then there's a stupid, boring ending. This movie doesn't even get me to the good part. I'm sorry, guys. I hate to say it, but this was an OK way to pass the time. But I'm so glad I didn't click on it. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could give it a 0,000,000 score. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. And I have to say, it just doesn't get me to care one way or another how this ends up. I guess I should say, I'm disappointed. It has a pitiable excuse for story line. It tries to be something and fails miserably. It just does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I'm sure that this isn't even the director's worst movie! I mean come on! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I watched it several times with a few friends. It was bad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pretty limp excuse for an hour.  The acting is hackneyed. The direction is a complete joke. The story doesn't hold up. I mean - a snowman? A costume that's not only ugly but definitely has the lines visible?  The story lacks both style and substance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends and had a good time. Then I discovered that this was an OK movie, but I can't say that I'm ever going to see this movie again. It's really just an OK rip off. This is OK. This isn't bad, this is OK, but that doesn't make me want to give this one another chance. I mean, the special effects are terrible. The direction is OK but there are a bunch of hackneyed ideas here. This should have been a low budget effort, but the result is far too expensive. I guess that's OK. The ending is also kind of lame. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story were all pitiful, and I found myself laughing at the stupid kid's stupid face more often than I found I found enjoying the stupid movie.  And the ending was an insult, a cheap attempt at humor. A bunch of drunkards decide to build a haunted house, and decide to add a little girl to the mix. Well, the kid's head getting cut off from the force of the falling ceiling, and the kid drops dead. So the ghost of a drunkard decides to get revenge on the kid, by turning him into a scarecrow. This gets the kids to bed, but a terrible storm comes and blows out the candles. A little girl falls asleep, and her father finds a scary-looking statue in her bedside drawer. He takes the picture out of curiosity, but decides to leave it on the nightstand to make sure she doesn't get up to any mischief. Well... that's one way to scare the kid.  The next morning, the kids get up and head to school. But the storm hasn't abated yet, so the ghost has left the lamp and the parents are lost. They decide to stay in bed and wait out the storm. But by the afternoon, it's over and they decide to head out to see the ghost. But first they need to get their clothes off. It's a little creepy, but nothing a little time in the grave can't fix. So they get out of bed, put on their clothes and head out. Well.. let's just say it's a pretty embarrassing excuse for a movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a scare. It doesn't even work. It was embarrassing. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, but I'm sorry to say it.  This has crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story line are all terrible.  I'm not even gonna go on.  Let's just say, this was an OK idea.   But the execution was a mess.  And let's be honest, this isn't even a good movie. It was a pitifully excuse for an idea. Not once did I get to laugh.  There was one brief sequence in which the kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled.  What amazes me is that this didn't make $20,000. This was a total rip off. This wasn't even very good. I'm sad to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies rough, unoriginal, and below par, then why not go ahead and buy a few bucks of beer? You know, for the fun of it? This was an OK movie, but it definitely left out the fun. I mean, who would have thought that this was a movie about a kid getting killed by his own sled? And who would ever guess that the snowman was actually a Christmas angel? And why would anyone do that?  If only this movie were made for adults! This was clearly not made for anyone.  But then again, who could really care about such a trifle? It's not like it was a bad film, and it's not as though I missed it.  I'm sure I'll never go back to this one. It's far too rough, far too unoriginal. And I'm pretty sure it's low budget. But that doesn't make it any fun.  The ending was absolutely stupid.  This is not a good movie. I was supposed to review this one, but I guess I forgot. It was a horrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It had a few decent moments, but most foul!  There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. It was an uninteresting attempt to be something new. And even then, it didn't.  There were too many scenes that left me bored and cold. I was disappointed.   If you're going to go out and make a cheap movie, at least do it right!  If this is your thing, I'm sad to see where you're headed. I mean, there are better movies out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an insult.  It is not that I don't like kids, I do! I mean I like them, I really do! But this is an insult! This is a terrible excuse for an idea!  I wish they would make this one up to move it out of my house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It's not even funny!  The acting, directing and story all suck. The story should have never made it past the first draft.  This was an insult. I mean, it's like watching paint dry.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright. It wasn't even that bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little too revealing? A little bit of a long extended lesbian theme? Not to mention a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that covers most of the chest? A hole in the chest... how pitiful can you get? This isn't even worth your time. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone.  If you don't want to watch this for the sake of looking something cool, I guess you could go to the next movie. But I doubt you'd like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, story, and story are all complete bumbled efforts. The gore, stupid, over-the-top, definitely avoidable. This isn't worthy of your time or attention. This is the kind of movie that's best for your money, worst for your time. You're better off watching something like "The Omen" or "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" instead. Sorry, fellas!  The gore here is absolutely horrible. The acting and direction are both a complete joke. The story is pure B.S. The ending is even a little bit confusing. This one isn't worth your time! I'm sure it's just a bunch of bored kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. This kind of entertainment is not to be recommended for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was a lousy excuse for a movie. The acting was OK, the directing was OK (by the guy who wrote A Serbian Film), but the story was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean, a bunch of kids are being murdered by their own toys? A broken clock is right twice a day. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I've ever seen. I mean, an over-acted, cloyingly drawn story about a pretty limp ending? This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie.  But let's face it. It wasn't even a bad film. I was watching it with the hope that maybe it would at least be a little fun. I wasn't disappointed. It was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I was also watching with the expectation that perhaps it would be a bit of a laugh. But that was a stupid hope. It didn't even do a little Bardwork or a couple of songs. It left out the joy and sentiment in life's little gift. I can't say I've seen such a pitifully made movie in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, who wants to watch this kind of stuff? I mean... I can't say I'm surprised. I can say I was disappointed, but that's a little harsh.  But there is nothing here to recommend. This is an OK movie, but not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find the nerve to look away from this pitiful excuse for a movie, then please go find it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie.  But who cares? This wasn't that terrible, and then again, who cares about that? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This doesn't even make me look away.  Sorry. But you get it, this was a terrible excuse for anything. It should be banned from your local box office. I'm sure this is supposed to be a lighthearted romp, but this was an ugly excuse for something. If you like being a meanie to poor, poor people, then why not?  If the thought of an ugly, unoriginal excuse for entertainment makes you want to hurl this miserable excuse into the sun, then you should probably check yourself into a padded room. You're welcome. This isn't the movie for people looking to laugh. It's a pitiable excuse for one. It was made in 1990. I can't say I missed it the first time around. But I sure did once I found it. There are better things out there. This was an OK attempt at holiday entertainment, but it should be left behind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and got a bad ending. A pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review this for a friend and didn't want to give it a bad review. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful attempt at a movie and a pitifully excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this movie for a few seconds and I was hooked. This was one of those movies that had me disappointed, but then I watched it again and was even more disappointed. It wasn't funny. It didn't even try to be. This is an insult. A complete and total insult!  This isn't even really a review. This movie sucks! This is bad! This was an insult! This isn,t even funny.  The acting, the direction, the story, the general concept - it's all a complete and utter insult! I can't say this was a bad idea. It was a stupid one. I can only say this sucks! I'm so sorry this happened!  I was supposed to write a positive review about something good. This wasn't that! This wasn' t. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's stupid! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a few hours. I mean, it's OK! It's not great, but OK! Who cares about a terrible movie? This is bad!  Bad acting, bad special effects, bad direction. This is a mess! I mean who cares about an OK movie? It's OK to be bad! But who cares? This was OK! Bad! And this was coming out the same year as "A Christmas Story" and it still sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew it wasn't going to be anything good. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no subtlety to this mess.  It's ugly. It's stupid. I can't recommend this to anyone.  I don't like ugly things.  This is bad.  Let's face it. There is no subtle or intelligent message here.  As a result this is a bad idea. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. It was a poor excuse.  And this was a bad excuse. It lacks a single thing. It doesn't even have a happy ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say that this was an OK horror movie. I mean, there was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly intended for toddlers? I'm not going to lie to you. This was an okay movie. But then there was this: a snowman that looked like it was made out of wet tissue. A kid's costume? A sled? I can't say that I didn't like the idea of this movie.  But then it didn't go far enough. This movie has crossed it. This is an OK movie. OK, but then there's this: the snowman's voice was a little bit too high and the accent a bit too heavy. It was OK. This wasn't great.  I mean... a kid getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? That's a little extreme. This doesn't even get me started. I don't know how this movie got made. This needs to be shot from space. It needs to stay in orbit. This just shouldn't be made. I'm sad to say this was a lousy excuse for a movie. There are worse things out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and never looked back. It was a terrible excuse for a movie. I'm sure this is an attempt to cash in on the success of the Matrix, but this isn't it. This is the Matrix. I wish it was. I was only there for about 30 seconds and was left with a bad taste in my mouth.  I would like to recommend this to everyone. This should not be made. There is no excuse. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie and a pit of shame. I would not recommend this for anyone. There are better out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  This was an OK movie, but I was supposed to review it anyway. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  The acting is terrible, the direction is even more so. I mean, what am I going to say?   I mean - a bunch of misfits band together to hide from the government? It doesn't sound like a lot of fun, does it?  I guess it does sound like it - but then why not say so?  The direction is OK - not great, but OK. There are some OK gore scenes, but there are also a bunch more awful ones.  This may have been OK, but this is definitely NOT recommended. If you're looking for a cheap thrill - don't bother. This is not that kind of movie! If you want to feel something, check it out once with your buddies, but then don't expect anything spectacular.  You're better off finding a good movie - like I said, this is pitiful.  It's OK - I was just watching it for the free ride.  I hope this movie does more than that! I mean... a buncha misfits hiding from the authorities?  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and then I found myself laughing a hundred times over how terribly this was made.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the seams?  I found the acting, direction, and story all to be pitiful.  If you're hoping to find a cheap thrill then I'd say this is not for you. If you can get past the lousy special effects then I pity your torturous existence. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a really stupid idea.  Who would want to see such a lousy movie? Everyone. The fact that it exists does not mean that it is a good one. The acting, direction, story line, everything is pretty much a complete joke.  I mean, who would want such a movie? A bunch of drunk idiots who don't care about art, or the human condition.  Oh, and don't forget the lousy special effects. That was supposed to be something new, and exciting. But it is pretty obvious that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a mess.  It doesn't matter how you feel about it. I don't. It doesn not. I mean... come ON. This is a mess of bad ideas. And bad special effects...  Oh. And don't get me started on the terrible ending.  The fact is, I don;t care about this movie one bit. I'm sorry to say it.  This is not a movie for anyone. Not even a kid. It has little Bardwork and a lousy ending. Who does she think she is? A kid? She doesn't even get me. I would like to recommend this to everyone, but I can't. There is not much here to recommend. I guess you could say this is an OK attempt at a cheap rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all hackneyed. There's not much else to say about it.  But the visuals don't inspire much confidence. This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  The special effects are poor, and the direction, writing and story don't fit in with me at all. I'm sure I'm not alone in this regard. I mean, an ugly woman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A man in a rubber suit? A rubber suit with a hole? I mean... a rubber costume that stretches over your head? A hole? A costume that's obviously a poor attempt at making a special effect. I found myself laughing at it, and then wishing the director would just go away. This is an ugly, embarrassing excuse for an idea. This isn't to say I didn't like the premise... but I certainly didn't recommend it. This should be avoidedable, at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most disgusting, embarrassing excuse for a movie I have ever seen.  It's like watching paint dry.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched it with optimism that perhaps I would find something entertaining.  But the acting, writing, and story line were all a complete joke.  This was an embarrassing excuse to watch, and not even a good one.   I can't say I'm surprised. It's a shame, too, because I really wanted to like this movie.  Sadly, I couldn't. This is a poor excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that was supposed to be a kid-friendly but was probably too much of an adult-oriented setting. This wasn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie but it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all very amateurish.  I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes. The acting, directing, story, and theme were all terrible. There was a cheap attempt at humor and a lousy ending. I can't say this was very good or even very bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was pitiful. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a thousand times: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is boring. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all below par. This is an OK-for-kids movie, but there are no laughs here. This movie lacks the flair and talent to make it great. The animation is not great. This isn't an OK movie.  It should have been left to rot. It was clearly a poor attempt. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The direction and storyboard are bad.  This was a terrible idea. The characters, and the direction, both. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for about 30 minutes and that was about it. I couldn't help but feel sorry for whoever made this.  What a horrible excuse for an idea.  It wasn't funny, it was embarrassing.  This was pitiful, but not in a good way. This is the kind of movie that hurts like a cramp. I hope whoever who made it makes money. This wasn't even a bad acting job. There was some pretty bad, but it was still bad. This isn't good, it isn't even bad. I'm sure this is the least popular movie in the history of mankind. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes and then turned it off. I'm sure I'm not the only one to have this problem.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's boring, it's ugly, it lacks any sort of flair. There is one or two good moments here. There's a terrible, boring, ugly ending. This is not the movie for anyone looking to experience something new. It is for anyone who wants to feel something, feel something. But it's not gonna do that. It won't give you a moment of pure joy. It'll probably make you feel like you're watching a bad, embarrassing attempt to make a movie, and then the credits roll and you're supposed to get over it. Well, I guess we should all get over this now. It was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that anyone could view this as anything but a pitiful excuse for a movie is truly appalling! I mean, it was an OK movie, but it was definitely an OK way to waste an hour or so. It was certainly OK for me to laugh at the stupid, pretentious script, but I don't like it one bit! The direction, the acting, the dialogue, the direction. I mean who cares? This was an excuse to watch something idiotic! If I was to give one, it would have to be an hour long ride back to civilization! This wasn't worth it! I'm sorry, I hate to say it! This was a pitifully excuse for an effort! I could say something negative review, but then I wouldn't be able to say anything positive. I'm just gonna say it. I could also say it's a very poor excuse for anything!  I mean this is a low budget effort from Texas! Who cares about those poor, stupid people!? I don of course, because I care about nothing but the money.  I guess I'm supposed to say something nice about this...I guess I'll just say I wish I could give this a bad review! This is a pitiable excuse for something! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour and gave it a good movie.  It was pretty awful.  The acting was awful, the story was terrible, and the direction was terrible.  I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched it once. It was bad. I'm never watching this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a half an hour, then gave up. I guess it's possible that I didn't like it, but that's just me. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and it was a mess.  The acting, the story, the direction - this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK film, but the acting is poor, the direction is horrible, the story is stupid, the special effects are pitiful, this is a terrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, who watches this for the special effect? This is not an effortless effort! There are moments where you wish that you could hit the eject button and never come back. This is an OK place to take a break from reality, but you wish it would never end. I mean this place does not even try to be anything special! I guess you could say it's an OK movie! But don't expect anything spectacular! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let's get this out of the way. This is an OK movie. OK, OK, I'll say it again. This was OK. OK. This movie has crossed it. OKAY. But let's say it once more. This isn't great. This sucks. I mean, come ON. Who does this for? Who does he think he is? This isn. Was. Bad. I wish this was all over. This kind of entertainment is just plain boring. Who the hell is this for anyway? Who cares? This is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide anything and a long overcoat? A horrible excuse for an outing!  I'd say it's time for the parents to get their kids out of the house. It's snowman season and this movie is more than that! I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but only for the hell of it. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  It's not even that bad!  The directing, writing, and actors are all awful!  Who knows? This could be the last time anyone ever saw this film! This is truly a pitifully excuse for anything. This isn't even worthy of your time!  It has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for a stupid reason and then I turned around and gave it a quick, hard "Ugh." It was embarrassing. This was a terrible excuse for an idea. It's one thing to make a terrible movie, but a whole other thing to give it a good ending! I was sick to my stomach from the moment I first saw the trailer. This wasn't a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force field? A stupid force field that has a picture of a snowman on it? A snowman with a costume that clearly wasn't designed for a kid? This was awful!  And then I saw the opening credits. This is the least appealing excuse for anyone who's ever seen a bad film. I can't say it's the worst thing I've ever seen, but I can say it was a poor excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to see this?  And then there is the acting.  There was a kid in this for some reason. The kid had a pretty face, but a horrible personality.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.   It is a shame.  I mean there was so much talent here, so why waste it?  Who knows? Who cares? This is an embarrassing excuse for anything.  The direction is pretty bad, and the script is even worse. I guess you could say this was a money-losing venture. I say this is the least entertaining movie I have ever seen. I could not give a flying fuck.  It was definitely worth a quick look, but I was disappointed. I would rather not recommend this one to anyone.  Let's face it. This is not gonna change your life.  If anything this is gonna make you want to take a long vacation.  And forget about that stupid vacation you have been planning. This ain't it.  So I guess we are all just gonna have to roll with it. Who knows, maybe the next time you are at the beach you will see a pretty sunset. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no redeeming quality to this pitiful effort.  This was supposed to be a low budget effort and it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  And this is the only insult I can think of.  I was supposed in for a short trip to Oregon. So I guess I'll have to say a negative and bitter review about an even pitiful outing.  So let's just say this: You get it. This is an excuse for people looking to get to the beach.  And I guess the wind is in your hair and the sun is setting...so you're all done?  I'm sure you all have better things to do with your time than waste it watching this.  Sorry to all you sweet folks out there. I guess it's time to say goodbye. I'm sorry. I really am. I hope you all had a good time. I was certainly not up to the task. I mean, it was a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's idea. Who does he think he is? His dad? His uncle? His cousin? His friend? His neighbor? His aunt? His teacher? His cronies? His girlfriend? Her boyfriend? His Uncle Joe? His buddy? His co-worker? His boss? His wife? His kid? His dog? His pet? His snowman? His imaginary friend? The guy who sold you the TV? The snowman in the attic? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy with a costume that's not even great? A guy who's got a voice that's nothing new? This was a pitifully excuse for money.  If you're looking for something different than what you're getting at with this one, check out one of the good ones: "Hocus Pocus" is an oldie but goodie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my own amusement. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time this afternoon. It was way below par. It didn't even do it right. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I've ever seen.  Not once did I ever find myself laughing at the crassness of it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's not even a joke. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. And I've never seen such a pitifully excuse for an entertainment!  This is also the only movie I ever saw where a snowman got stuck in a tree.  I can only give this a 4. I can't say that it's a terrible movie. It's certainly a low budget effort. It also has the worst special effects I've EVER seen. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that is clearly unsuitable for anyone with a shred of fashion sense.  A kid's costume that costs $5? A snowmen with a snowmen's head? This was a pitiable excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while and then gave it a shot.  I couldn't say anything nice about it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I mean -- who knows? Who cares? I guess it's a Christmas movie. But that doesn't mean I'm going to recommend this to anyone. I guess I'm just going to say it's poor. I'm sure it won't be that bad. I'd like to say, "Happy New Year!" But this is just an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story were all a complete joke.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A poor excuse for an excuse. I'm glad to have never seen such a pitifully made movie in my life! This was clearly not worth your time.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this isn't it. If you want to feel something, then by all means, keep watching. But if you don't want to, then I pity your miserable, cold, wretched life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a terrible excuse for an excuse for everything. This is one of the most pitiful movies I've ever seen.  It's not even funny.  The acting is bad, the direction is terrible, the sets are terrible, and the story is a complete joke. I guess you get it. This was supposed to be a "low budget" effort. Guess it didn't make it. And it cost a lot of money.  If you can't get a laugh out of a bad joke, you should probably stop watching this movie. You should probably get lost. This isn't worth your time. If you want to laugh at a bad idea, check out a bad script. But don't expect anything special. You can't even get a bad costume out of that stuff. This movie should be banned. This script should be in the "You should not buy a stupid costume" category. I hope that one day we will all wake up and realize how stupid this was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the most blatant attempt at humor I've ever seen. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie! And it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you possibly make money off of a poor excuse for an idea? This was such a mess that I couldn't even finish it.  This is an example of a terrible movie.  I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a miserable excuse for entertainment. I can't say that this is a terrible idea. It's certainly a bad one. But don't tell me it's an idea you can't get around.  There's a very good explanation as to why this isn't a very decent movie. It was supposed to be a kids' film, but it sure as hell didn't make me any money off it. If it had, I'd have left a long time ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to rate this one, I'd say it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitifully excuse for an animated movie. The voice acting is pitiful, the story is an insult, the animation is puerile, the direction is awful.  And that's just the first hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with optimism that perhaps it would at least be a low budget effort and that it would be alright. Boy, was I disappointed. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had a few decent moments, but then it was just a pitifully excuse for an effort. This is a hackneyed excuse for anything.  I can't say it was an easy watch. I can say it sure as hell wasn't a good one.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood and get you through the holidays, I'm sad to see you're going to have to turn to the next low budget movie. I'm sure it's fine, I mean, a little snowman and a snowman with a costume that's nothing new? Well then, I guess I'm happy to see the next year is going to be better than this one. I hope it gets better. If only it would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this pitiful, low budget effort and gave it zero votes.  And, I mean, it's called THE OLD BLUE BLOOD. Who in their right mind would ever sit through this? I mean... this was an ugly excuse for an hour.   So ugly, so uninteresting.  But... there is one thing to say about this... 1) it is very hard to find fault with this movie. 2) it's very likely you'll never again see such a pitifully made movie in your life. 3) you have been warned. 4) go away, you're ugly, stupid, and ugly. 5) don't come back... this is for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great anticipation of perhaps a decent film, but then I found myself watching it with a bad mood.  The acting, directing, and story were all just hackneyed.  I found it even worse than I found the first half of this one.  It was hard to recommend this one to anyone.  If I had to pick a single insult to throw at this one I would have to say it was the acting, direction, and, of course, the story.  That is not to say that the first part was a total waste, but this one just didn't hit it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay looking little movie, but it doesn't get me to see it again. It has one or two good moments, but then there are a lot of daffy, unoriginal performances. This was an OK, harmless, yet obviously not very good movie.  The story is a mess. There is no reason to see this. It's a little short and dumb. There's also a rather terrible, uninteresting ending. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a horrible excuse for a movie. This may be the most embarrassing movie I've ever seen. If you like your juvenile humor a little more than your parents like theirs, this is definitely a treat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half, and I could not give a rat's ass about the acting, direction or story. I mean, a guy gets shot off the force of a cannon? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess we should not be surprised. I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made. I was also horrified at how pitiful the acting was.  And how it left out the joy of being entertained. I would not recommend this to anyone. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse. I can easily say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  There is no possible way to recommend this movie. There is absolutely no reason to pick this one up. There are better ones out there.  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean this is a kid's show. This was bad.  This is not a good movie. This one does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all complete and utter nonsense. It's hard to like anything about this film. I mean, the "femme fatale" gets killed off-screen in front of her boyfriend? Who knows what her boyfriend looks like? Maybe he's an African American who's out to prove he's not a racist. Maybe he has a white girlfriend who's trying to find someplace to hide from the rain. Who knows? Who cares? This is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go on. It doesn't even do anything interesting enough to recommend.  It's also a terrible movie.  I mean seriously? This was an OK movie in my old age. I watched it once and didn't like it. Now I'm going to give it a thousand dollars to see how it ends up.  The story line is even worse. It involves a bunch of college aged kids who live in a cabin and one day it gets cut off from the force of a snowman. This is a pitifully stupid excuse for an ending.   If you're looking for a cheap thrill then look elsewhere. This movie has crossed it. This was a pitiable excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There's nothing particularly original about this one, nothing that's going to stand out.  But this is the kind of pitiful attempt at entertainment that you can only pass by on the hope that it'll at least be a little Bardwork and a movie that's at least a laugh. And it didn't even do that well enough. I found myself laughing at the poor acting and the cheap, unoriginal direction.  This isn't a bad film.  It's probably the worst movie I've ever seen.  The story is terrible. The directing is terrible (I've never seen such a lousy movie in my life!).  The acting is even terrible.   And this isn't even a terribly made movie. There are a lot of missed opportunities here. There's no reason to see it. This was a pitifully made attempt at a low budget movie. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was an OK movie. I didn't like it.  I mean, it's not like it's great.  It's OK, it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I guess it's OK. But it's awful! I mean... this is a terrible excuse for a movie.   I don't care how many thousands of dollars you paid to have this made. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  And don't even get me started on how badly it was made. The acting, story, direction, and everything else are all below par.  Not once did a plot device present itself without me guessing it 10+ minutes in advance. The story is even a complete joke!  It seems like this is the kind of movie you can't enjoy until the credits roll. It's not worth it. I mean this is such a pitifully excuse for anything. It didn't even make me laugh once! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea but the execution was a little underwhelming.  It was pretty obvious that this was supposed to be a spoof but then there was a pretty obvious attempt to make it edgy.  I guess the problem was that nobody was buying the premise.  And the script had plenty of holes.  Not to mention that it's pretty ugly.  This was supposed be a cheap thrill but it failed miserably.  Maybe it was supposed this way, but I'm sure it wasn't.  Oh, and the ending is even kind of stupid.  Sorry to say it, but this one sucks!  If you're into cheap thrillers this is not for you. If you like me then maybe it's OK to skip it.  Let's just say this was a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a low budget effort from New Mexico. Unfortunately it was far too long. I mean, how much money is that? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about 10 years ago. I hated it. It was the worst movie I've ever seen!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not really a bad film, it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's supposed to be a dark comedy but that's about all I can say about it. It doesn't even have enough bloodlust to be something worthwhile.  It should have been banned. But then I guess there are a lot of horrible, puerile movies out there. And there are only so many times I can laugh at such a lousy movie. If you can't handle one or two lousy minutes, then you should probably look elsewhere. I mean, it was a pitifully made excuse for an hour. A bunch of hick kids watch a stupid movie for the holidays. It ends up being more like a holiday horror movie. Not to mention that it's not very good. This was a bad idea. I was supposed to review this for a friend but then I saw how lousy it was. I'm guessing this one gets a free ride to the dumpster. The kids should not be watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to like this movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A blizzard that never ends? A lame excuse for a movie. There is nothing to recommend this for anyone, and everything to avoid. I'm sure there are plenty of snowman enthusiasts out there, but I doubt they're watching this one.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, unless you're a kid. But then, why would anyone, especially a kid? I mean... this is such a hackneyed excuse for an idea! I can't say it didn't get me to the movies, but it did a little Bardwork, and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time hoping it would be good, and I guess it was a bad attempt at a movie. It has crossed it.  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! It was an OK effort, but there was little that was appealing.  There was one or two decent moments here, but that was it. It was a complete mess.  It was embarrassing.  This is not a movie I will be watching again.  But I can't say it's the worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort!  I'm sure this wasn't made for anyone to find appealing. I mean a snowman? A costume that was way too small? An empty sled with a long extended tongue? Who does she think she is? This isn't even funny!  This was definitely not worth your time. This wasn't worthy of your time! This wasn the worst excuse for entertainment I've EVER seen. This was pathetic. This had crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't get a laugh at the stupidity of this movie, then you should at least get a slap in the face. There is a pretty limp story line here, and it's a shame. There was no reason to watch this movie other than the fact that it was stupid. But that's hardly the only thing this does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad! I mean, a bunch of ungrateful bridesmaids are sent to the brides' house to be killed by their husbands, who are supposed to be out of town the next day. When they discover that the house is haunted, they set out to investigate. They end up getting killed by the ghost of a young girl. What better way to get revenge than to murder the girl, and then hide the bodies. The girl's father doesn't like ghosts, and decides to kill the bride's mother as well. He then lights his daughter's bedfire, intending to scare the daughter into staying in bed. The daughter doesn't hear the bed creak, so the father kills her too. The ghost of the young girl appears again and kills the bride's father, so that's that.  I watched this in the hope that it would at least be a bad rip off, but it wasn't! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. It's possible that this was made by a bunch unimpressed college students, and decided to make a quick buck on a bad idea.  But it didn't make me laugh.  This is a sad excuse for an excuse for entertainment. If this is how you want to spend your Halloween, then don't be surprised if you end up having to sleep in your clothes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie!  It is downright embarrassing. This should not be a movie made by anybody! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was a mockery?  It wasn't even funny! The directing, writing, and acting were all just hackneyed! The story was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I hope whoever made this money has lost it!  If this was the last straw, I'm sure it was worth it! But I'm sad to say it's the last! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and visuals are all a pitiful excuse for a movie. The direction and dialogue are all bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an OK movie, but I'm sure it's not a great one. It's definitely low budget, but the effect is not. If you're looking to pass the time, then this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  But there is one thing that I like about this movie. I watched it once. I guess I can't say that I'm surprised. This is a cheap, terrible excuse for entertainment. I'm not even gonna go on. It doesn't matter. This isn't worthy of your time.  I guess we all know who this is gonna be. I hope he drops a load in his sled. I sure hope he doesn't hit his head. I don't like his chances. But don't worry. It'll probably be OK. This kind of entertainment isn't meant to be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean a snowman that has a costume with the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for me to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lulz, and I must say I am disappointed in myself. This is an OK spoof of a bad film. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give it 3-stars, which is low, but then, who am I kidding? It was a boring and unoriginal excuse for an excuse. I'm sure the makers didn't make enough money on it, but I'm not surprised.  If you're gonna rip something off, at least do it right. This was obviously not meant to be anything special.    But, then again, it is an ok excuse for half an hour. It is very easy to get a laugh at this. But there is no excuse for poor direction, lousy acting, a lousy ending.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time around the sun. I found myself unable to give this a decent rating. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the most embarrassing excuse for an attempt I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It's impossible to give anything good a bad rating. This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so of your life.  The acting is not to mention the direction.  I could say more, but I guess I'll just say it: It's a pitiful excuse for anyone to see. If you can't give a bad film a bad review, I'm sorry. This isn't worthy of your time. I can't say this was my least favorite movie I've ever seen, but it's definitely my least favored one.  This was a pitifully excuse for money.  There was a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the "youth movement" with this one. Unfortunately, the results were a mess. This wasn't very good, and I can easily say it was a money pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had no charm or talent. I was watching to see if it would be low budget and low budget would be fine. But low budget doesn't translate well in America. There is a big difference. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is so embarrassing. I can't say this was made for kids. This was made to be a lark. It didn't quite work out.  The acting is OK. I guess the direction is OK too. But the story is horrible. I'm sure there are plenty of people who will say this is OK, but it isn't. This has crossed it. This isn't OK.  This is a shame.  I guess I'm supposed to say something positive. This may be OK. It's just OK. OK! I guess that's enough. This wasn't OK! This wasn. I wish someone would make a movie like this once in a while. But not like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, then I got to thinking, "hey, let's check out the other lousy movies out here" and lo and behold there was a third one, and I mean, a third? And it was pretty terrible. This movie was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And let's be honest, who can really be bothered to sit through this one? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? Who cares?  This is an insult to anyone who could sit through a boring boring movie. I mean come on. It's a kid sled? A snowman with a costume that is both too long and too short? A stupid snowman. I could probably get through an hour of this movie, but I wouldn't recommend it. I wouldn. I. Would. You get it? This was a complete waste of time. I wish I could give this a negative rating, but that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story line were all just hackneyed.  The special effects were lousy, too.  Not to mention that it was pretty obvious that whoever was behind this had no idea how to make a movie.  But don't worry! There was plenty of cheap special effects.  It was a little "let's pretend this is not the end" and then a "screw it" and a "who cares?"  This was a terrible excuse for a movie!  I can't say that it didn't get me to see it once. But I'd much rather avoid it a second time around. This was terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that needs an extreme makeover! It should have been called "Dumb and Dumber" and I'm glad it didn't! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort! And I can't say I'm surprised! This kind of stuff doesn't make money! I'm sure it's not that they didn't think it would, but it sure doesn't look like it! This was bad! Bad, bad, bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times.  This was an OK idea, but this was an absolutely terrible movie.  There was one scene where a girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess there was snowman snowman. He didn't have a costume. And his clothes were an ugly red over white combo. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised this one didn't make money. I mean, a kid's head being cut off by the force off an empty sleigh? This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and loved it!  It's one of those films that's really not very good. I mean, it's so low budget! I mean... that's just a pitiful excuse for a movie! This isn't even an excuse for me to turn off the TV. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse!  This was also one of the worst films I've ever seen! I can't even say I didn't like it... I mean this is a pit!  I mean there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a costume... and it's not even that good! This was the worst movie I've EVER seen! This is a film that you don't give a monkey's teeth about. I'm not even gonna go on...  This is an OKAY movie... it's OK... this is OKAY! But not really... this wasn't worth the money. I'd rather have a cheap bar tab than this... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking, OK directing effort, but it's a mess!  This wasn't a good movie, it didn't even try to be! I mean, an OK movie about a bimbo trying to run away?  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  Oh, I almost forgot! I guess you get it!  I mean a stupid redneck named Joe Schmoer?  OK, OK, I get it.  I guess this is OK.  It's OK. This isn't great, but OK! Who am I kidding? This is a pretty good excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who is not only a complete idiot but a complete bore as well. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under his overcoat? I'm not even gonna go on.  I mean - a snowman? A costume that clearly states that it has been made by an eight-year-old? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is one of those low budget indies that has crossed it. I can only say that it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I hope that they make money on this one. It's not great but I guess it could be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times.  I was supposed to review this for a website. I wish I could give this a positive review about an OK movie: This was OK. OK. I mean, a little girl getting killed by a stray sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. I was never really into it.  Sorry, fellas! I mean this was an OK holiday movie. This is not OK. This movie is a pit. This film sucks!  If you like poor movie, this is OK. If you're looking for a good movie, check this out once. Then never go back. I'm sure it will change your life! But only for a little while. Then it will suck. And leave you cold. But OK! OK. Maybe I can't say this one sucks. Maybe it does! But I can say this movie doesn't belong in the same category as such classics as "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "2001 - A Space Station". This was the first time I watched something that I didn't like. It was supposedto be a short film. A couple of hours, tops! It was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that was clearly meant to be a costume for a child? This was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really not very good! This isn't really a spoof. This is a rip off! I can't say I was surprised to see it, but I was disappointed. It's bad!  I mean, how could it be anything good? I mean - this is a bad script!   If I see one more lousy attempt at humor in my life I'm going to punch myself in the face!  This was an OK idea, OK. But this was a complete and total letdown! It's embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. This is an ugly excuse for a movie.  It's hard to get past the ugly cover. The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. If this is the kind of thing that gets you to see it, then it's definitely not worth your time.  There is no excuse for anyone to see this. This was an insult. And I'm sure it wasn't meant to be. But the insult is too good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It was an unoriginal idea. And a terrible one.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I can't say that I'd like to recommend this to anyone, but I'm also not gonna say anything positive about it.  I mean... that's the kindest thing I can say about a pitifully made movie: it's not even trying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and then I discovered it wasn't funny.  Then I found myself watching it again and laughing at how terribly it was made.  This is not to say I found it uninteresting, I found the opposite. This is to say that I found a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story were all pitiful.  I could easily say this was an excuse for anyone to sit around and watch something unappealing.   But I don't know anyone who would. I mean, come on! A fat guy who can't act, a fat lady who can only look vaguely feminine... a fat guy in a fat suit who can barely hide his fatness... this is a pitifully excuse for an effort. If I could give you one simple thing, I'd say this movie sucks.  That's not to mention the fact that I wish the makers would burn this mess into a million pieces. This isn't even a decent excuse for once. This was a pit stop on the way to losing my sanity. This will be the first of many pit stops. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! This was an excuse for a lousy movie.  This is why you can't find me to recommend this movie to anyone.  It's an insult! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  It was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean it's not like these guys were going to make money with this one.  Oh, wait. That was it. These guys were. Well-meaning but woefully unoriginal. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone, let alone a 12 year old. It was an insult to everyone who's watched it.  I'd also like to point out that I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. This should not be watched. This is very poor film. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is an excuse for an old man to get into the snowman costume. Who knows? He may find the costume to be a bit too tight.  The acting, writing, and story are all complete and total BS. There is no reason to watch this. There are plenty of better films out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And a voice that can only be described as uninspiring?  What kind of a movie is this? A children's movie? A crappy one? A terrible one?  I mean a snowman? A costume that makes him look like he's trying to hide under his blanket?   I guess the poor thing thought he'd have a few hours to kill before his parents came home. So he decided to stay up all night and watch a movie with the lights out. He didn't have enough snowman gear to keep warm, so he put on his costume, which was clearly visible beneath his blanket. The next morning, he woke up to find that his snowman had been cut off by the force that the empty sled was trying to produce.  And so it goes. This is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes with no intention of watching it further. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to write a positive review about such a good movie: It was alright. I watched it once with my buddy and we both thought it was pretty good. It's kind of like watching paint dry.  It's also kind of embarrassing.    But the worst part is that it was made by a bunch of kids.  You get it, a buncha dorks make a bunchof stupid movies. This one had some decent gore. It just didn't do a lot of blood. There was a girl who got cut off from the force of an empty sled? There was some stupid kid in this movie who thought sleds would be a good idea. He made an empty one out of the snowman head.  There were also a lot scenes that didn't make any sense. It didn't even make me laugh.  This isn't a good film.  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty terrible. I can only give this a 6. I wish the makers would shut this thing down. I hope they get a sense of humor somewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing and story are all complete and utter disasters. This is a movie you can't recommend to anyone. The story is absolutely horrendous. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A holiday movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour, I swear I saw a few good movies in that hour!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can't say that it's as bad as you think it is! It's just that it has crossed it!  If this was any other year, I'd give this one a pass! This year things are different! This is the worst movie I've EVER seen! This isn't even worthy of a mention!  I'm going to say it again: This is an awful excuse for an idea!  It doesn't even fit into the "I wish I could give this a movie a chance" category!  There's no excuse for this!  And there is a stupid twist ending that makes no sense whatsoever! It doesn in fact make me wish I'd never saw this movie again! I mean, this is a kid's movie! This shouldn't be on anyone's radar!  The acting is terrible! There's a stupid kid in this for Christ sake! There should have been a parental advisory label on this one!   It was a pitifully excuse for money! This was an OK one, but I'm sorry to say I didn't like it! This kind of garbage doesn't deserve to be paid money.  I hope the makers take the hint and don't make another one! I wish them the worst! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty obvious rip off. This isn't even really a bad rip off at all. I mean, who the hell is going to buy this for a Halloween movie? This is really stupid. This is very poor filmmaking. And that's not even mentioning that the acting, story, and direction are all pretty terrible. This movie doesn't even do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen. This wasn't even close to being funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not worthy of your time.  This was a pitifully excuse for an animated movie.  I guess they thought that with the success of The Oogieloves in the attic, they could make a decent movie. But they were way off!  You get it? This was supposed to be a cute little movie about snowman-like characters that help each other survive the harsh New York winter. This is very similar to the first movie I watched!  But I was far more disappointed! I mean who cares about a snowman that only has one leg? And how can a kid get in the spirit of things? I mean this was supposed the antidote to the worst of everything! And it didn't even work!  This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all below par. I mean, who cares? I mean it's so bad! There are too many cliches, and too little substance. It's an OK horror movie but not great.   The writing is even kind of embarrassing. You could easily brush off this one without giving a second thought. But that doesn't make me like it.  And that's coming from a guy who loved Wes Craven's work on such movies as the Matrix, Shutter Island and A Nightmare on Elm Street 2. This isn't even really a bad or even bad movie. This is just a really bad movie!  And don't get me started on the subject of bad special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! And who wants to sit through that?  The story, dialogue and acting all stink.  There are only so many ways to say this. This kind of stuff just doesn't cut it! I'm glad I didn't pay money to see this one! It's not worth it. I'm sorry. This wasn't a good movie! This is a really lousy excuse for an hour. It should be noted that I watched this with a group of friends. It was kind of a lark, and a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short period of time in high school and I can't say I was disappointed.   The acting is pretty limp, the story is boring, the direction is bad, and the sets don't fit the bill.  I can say this however: I hope this doesn't become a bad film! I can easily say this: I wish I could give this a 1st or 2nd go around.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no reason to be watching this at all.  It doesn't get me started on the fact that it has one or two good moments (the kids) and a pretty limp ending (the parents). This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse!  It's hard to recommend this to anyone. I can only give this one bad review. This was an OK excuse for two bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then decided to check out the next hour or two. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an animated film.  I mean - a snowman? A costume that doesn't fit? A film that has a "no budget" excuse? This wasn't worth a second thought.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all complete trash. This is a complete slap in the face to anyone who enjoys a good movie. It is very likely that you will find yourself laughing at this most foul movie at the end. There is no excuse for such an excuse.  This is pure unoriginality. I mean, this is a kid's show? Come ON. This would not be my first choice for anyone to bring to my house. There are far better films out there. I would not recommend this to anyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is completely unbelievable. I can only give it one star.  I mean come ON. The acting and story make me wonder why anyone would watch this. I am not even going to go on. I could not care less about the nonsensical direction and writing. The script is even worse. I was never a big fan of this kind of stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a stupid yet entertaining rip off then look no further. If you like it then I pity your miserable existence.  If I was to give this a positive review about it I'd say that it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean, a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  It was an unoriginal idea and a bad one.  And I'm sure this was the last thing that anyone saw in their life.   And it's probably not a pleasant place to be in the afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the hopes of it being an entertaining but low budget effort. I was completely disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A sleigh? A stupid costume? This was an awful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, story, and everything else was all just hackneyed.  I mean a snowman with a costume that could have been bought at a children's boutique? This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind is how terrible this film is!  This is one of those films that should not be allowed to exist. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was supposed to be a low budget effort. And yet, there was no budget to be had.  So how could the production afford to spend money on a single set?  Well, the local movie theater was closed, so they had to rent the place out.  And that's when the plot thickened.  Because the set wasn't really a set. It was a box.  The poor lighting, the bad special effects, the stupid direction. This is an OK horror movie, but not one I'm ever going to see again.  Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and then moved on to another.  I mean, how could you not like this? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But hey, you could do some really cool things with this one. Like, you know, if you're a cheap bastard. You know, like if you wanted to get your head cut off from the force of an empty sled. Or something.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? And the music is pretty unoriginal. I was supposed to review this for a website and was supposed take a look around for something new and interesting. The snowman looks more like a kid trying to hide in his locker. The lighting, the costumes and the direction are all just awful. The result is just a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can't say this was my least favorite movie in the world. I'm sorry, kid. But I guess I'll have to write more positive reviews about a good movie: This is definitely one of those rare exceptions where you don't mind watching an absolutely pitiful attempt at a movie - and it's OK, because it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little short, stupid movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost as ugly as the snowman himself? A stupid kid. And yet I found myself watching this movie several times over the course of the week.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This wasn't a good movie. You get it, an ugly snowman. This was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all very amateurish. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you like that kind of thing, then you're in luck. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour of entertainment.  This kind of stuff just doesn't cut it. This kinder, gentler, more intelligent effort is far better. This one is a rip off. I mean, what kind of a budget was this? A cheap knock off. This would have been better if it didn't try to pass off as something special.   But it didn-t. This didn't even get a good cast. There were a few decent parts here. A few even by me! I was supposed to review this for a website. I was watching this for my daughter and her friends. They didn't like it. I thought I'd give it a shot. It didn't do well enough. I'm glad I didn't give it to her. I wish I could give this one 10 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's a bunch of rednecks trying to escape a bad winter storm. This is not only an empty movie, but also a pitifully excuse for an action packed one.  You get it, rednecker snowman? This was a pitiable excuse for several hours. If I had to rate this one on a scale of 1 to 10, this would be a 4.  I guess I should be happy that it didn't have a budget problem, but I'm not going to.  The acting is terrible, the direction is even more miserable, the story sucks, and this is a lousy excuse for entertainment.  This movie is an insult to the intelligence of everyone who has ever seen one. It's so bad that it's funny. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the arms? This is an embarrassment.  If this is your thing, then you should stick around for the long weekend. I'm sure you'll enjoy the empty space, and the cold, but then why not? I can't say I did. This was an absolute bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all terrible. I watched this with great hope that perhaps this was at least a bad attempt at a rip off. Sadly, it wasn't.  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? How about a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? The whole thing was awful! This wasn't even good enough to make me write an angry negative review. This was bad.  This was definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with extreme prejudice, but once I was done I was glad it was a horrible excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story, the stupid, stupid, idiotic. All those things should be ignored. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That is not only an insult to every child in America, but an even more insulting insult to the rest of the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how hard is it to find a copy of this one?  I mean this is an empty pit, filled with unoriginal, uninteresting, and downright boring. This was clearly not worth your time. I would not recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not only horribly made but it's also really bad. It lacks the talent and brains required to pull it off. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sleigh? A Christmas movie?! A pitiful excuse for anyone to see. I'm sure it wasn't a million bucks.  The acting, direction, and story were all pitiful.  I mean this is the same guy who made The Omen. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie and a half.  If you want to see a bad idea get killed off, watch this one. If you like cheap thrills, this isn't your movie. If not, well, you know what to do. This isn't good. If I could give this a zero, I would.  And yet, I'm surprised it was even made. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched this and couldn't stop laughing. This is a pitifully excuse for anything.  You can't make me, a forty something year old white guy, sit through this. I'd rather get hit by a brick in the jaw.  Oh, and there's no music in this movie.  This is downright embarrassing.  A snowmen? A guy in a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an hour. I can only give this one a 1 out of 10. I found myself laughing at this pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and I was disappointed. This was an OK spoof but not very good.  I was also very disappointed with the direction. It was not only boring but very stupid. I mean, there was a snowman? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible?  This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  This is a very low budget effort from Texas. There are only a few things I could call foul about. The special effects were terrible. There was little to no character development and poor, stupid, awful.  Not to mention that it was a bunch of hick Texas kids pretending to be adults. I guess that's the appeal. It's OK. There is no shame in poor, ugly, terrible. This is not a good movie. And this is not even a terrible movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This was bad. I watched it once with my cousin Jay-Jay. It should have been a lot of fun. But that was it. I can't say I like it one little bit.  If I had to give this one a negative rating, I would give it 1. This has crossed it. The next lowest budget effort I have ever seen. This one should be banned from existence. I hope the folks at Landmark Pictures don't sue me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy second. I was supposed to review this for a website and this is the most unoriginal, uninteresting film I've ever seen. I mean, it was an empty lot. I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I'm pretty sure it wasn't very good. I could have given this a f---ing break.  But it was pretty funny, so I guess I shouldn't complain too much. I can't say I'm a big fan of low budget or "just for fun" movies. I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line more than I found I was enjoying the movie. I guess this is why I don't like them.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. The story is just a bunch of kids telling their parents about a boring trip to a boring beach.  Oh, and the "femme fatale" (I kid you not) is actually a fat, ugly old woman. There was one or two funny parts in here, but this is a pretty limp excuse for an hour. It's even possible this was just a poor excuse for money.  I mean -- a fat old woman in a bikini? It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there are some glaring flaws. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie has crossed it.  If I was to grade this one, I'd give it an 8. But then I wouldn't, because this is a really, really bad movie. I mean, this is an all black casted all female film, and the only other person in the cast is a white guy? This is not OK. This should have never been made. But hey, this kind of thing does the trick.  I mean... come on... this is just plain stupid. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  Who wants to waste time watching this stuff?  I don't.  Let's just say... this movie sucks. I don?t mean to say this sucks, but it?s really, REALLY lame. This kind of stuff should be avoidedable. This wasn't even really made to be a movie... it was made to look like it. If you like your stuff to look a little bit like it, then why not make a movie like this?  It was bad, and this kind isn't even bad.  What am I gonna say... let's just cut to the chase... this kind doesn't get me to see the light. This isn't worth your time. This has crossed.  There are worse things in this world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible to find yourself in a bad film with this one. This is an excuse for people to get off work and watch a bad flick. It's not only that it's a pitiful excuse for a movie, but it's also downright embarrassing. The acting, the direction, the story line...  What amazes me even more is the fact that this is not even a particularly bad movie. This should not be a movie anyone wants to watch. It should be left for the trash. If you can't find a way to laugh at this pitiful production then get lost. This isn't a good movie. There is a way out of this pit. You know how to get out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, a fat guy with a costume that is more than likely to make your head spin? A stupid, stupid movie. I was more than a little disappointed.  I mean a fat, stupid fat guy? That doesn't make sense! A costume that's more than just a cheap rip off? A terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story are all terrible. There was little to no fun in this one.  If you're looking for a bad film, this is definitely not it.  But then again, why not? This is the kind of movie that would make you say "I can't remember a bad idea" and then look around and see how many friends you have lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, direction and overall slobbering-inducing nature of this wretched excuse for a movie are all below par, but that doesn't make it any better.  The story is a mess, with an uninteresting and uninteresting ending.  If this is your idea of a good movie, shame on you!  It was alright once, but this year things are different. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. There is no reason to see it again.   You can find it in the "I can't say no to this one" category. This isn't worthy of your time. I pity your sorry excuse for existence.  Oh, and it has a lousy, uninteresting soundtrack. If this isn't your thing, then I pity you! This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  I'm sure that you could find something better out there. I can't.  This was an embarrassing excuse for one movie.  It's a shame that so many smart people like me missed out on it. There are better movies out there! But this isn, er, a pit? A pit? Where do I sign? This wasn't worth a minute of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your only movie you're in for a treat! If it's anything like the other bad movies out there, I pity your miserable lives! You're just looking forward to the ending, but then it doesn't! I mean, who wants to sit through a boring hour of a bad acting, lousy story, lousy direction and lousy special effects?  Oh, and let's not forget the fact that it's a stupid idea! This is a stupid excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to see this for any reason, do it once. If you don't like it, then get lost. If this is your thing, then cool. If not, then don't care. This is a cheap rip off. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And a bad one at that.  So why not just skip this one?  It doesn't matter. This one sucks.  This is not a movie for anyone.  If this was your thing you might enjoy it. If I'm not mistaken, you probably just want to pass it around.   I'm glad you're here, but don't expect anything spectacular. This was bad.  But I guess you can't expect much from me.  You get it. It's a bunch of kids sledding in the snow, which is kind of fun. But then a snowman comes out of the blue and snowman gear, which isn't fun at all.  The snowman is a little guy with a long overcoat and a scarf, who can't be trusted with your kids. I wouldn't be surprised if he had a costume designed by a 13 year old. And a hammer. And who am I to judge. If your kids are going to be bored, then who amI to blame? Who am I kidding? I was born to be a snow man.  It's really cold out. You don't need to keep the windows closed. But there's no way in hell you're getting out of this one alive. This isn't a fun time pass. This a pit stop for a poor excuse for an outing.  Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to head back to my wife and kids and get a couple hours of sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A low budget effort that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This isn't the movie for people looking to relax. This is for people who want to watch a pitifully excuse for an hour. If that's your thing then get lost.  If you like your movies cheap then get a life. This ain't it!  It ain't even good!  And you can't call yourself an aficionado of low budget cinema until you've seen this one at least once. It's a pitiable excuse for someone looking to escape. This was a pituitous attempt at making a low budget movie. If this kind of thing appeals to you then why not stay the hell away from me?  If your wallet isn't getting you to vomit then it's probably best you don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy minute. It was a terrible excuse for a movie.  And then I discovered it was even a lousy, half-assed effort.  I mean, it's hard to find a negative movie these days. This was an OK effort by OK folks. But this is a pitiful excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid laugh.  I wish I could give this a negative rating. I mean, how can a stupid movie like this get made? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? I was hoping it would be something different. Something original. Something that wouldn't make me cry.  It wasn't.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention the fact that I could easily give this one zero stars. I guess I should say something positive. I like to recommend this to everyone.  That's right, everyone. This is an OK movie. I can say that.  Maybe this was OK in 1992. Maybe it's OK now. But then it wasn't good. I hope it gets better. I really hope it does. This isn't worthy of your time.  And I mean who wants to watch this? Who wants to sit through an empty movie?  This was a horrible excuse for an excuse for entertainment. And I can only give it a 2. I hate to say it, but I'm going to. If it has a sequel, then this should be banned. It's stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a tongue in cheek attempt at an adult film, but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled.  It's probably best Serbian movie i've ever seen! But it's a pitifully excuse for an adult.  I'm sure this is a comedy. I watched it once.  The acting is awful. The story is a farce. And the direction is appalling. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's more like a jaded old woman's robe? This is a pitiable excuse for anyone to see.  But it gets worse! I mean this is some kind of sick joke. It makes me sick.  This is an embarrassing excuse for me to waste a Sunday evening.   I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I can't give it an even rating. It doesn't even get 1/10! I don't even like to mention it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the obvious out of the way. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had crossed it. This is why the "B" in Bessie is silent. This poor girl, along with her father, stepmother and step-aunt are all portrayed with the bare minimum effort. This may have been a short lived experiment but I can easily say this one will not be remembered. There is not much else to say. This pitiful little project has left a negative taste in my mouth.  This is a movie that belongs in the "I wish I could give this a poor grade" category.  It was a very long and boring trip back to Memphis. If this is your only exposure to short subjects, this is not the movie for you. If you like short subjects like me, this movie should not be missed. If I were to rate this as a short subject film, this would be a 1/10. This should not, however, be your only experience with short subjects. I'm sure this will be missed in your short subject world. This will probably be your last. This has crossed it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was nothing new, nothing original. This was just an excuse for an empty set. I mean, come on! It was a long, boring, stupid sequence.  It was bad. Bad, bad, bad! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the kind of thing that only happens once in a blue moon. This year will probably be different. It might even be a good movie. But not this year.  The acting, the direction, the story - everything about this movie is just hackneyed. There's nothing new here. If I could give a bad review about this, I'd like to recommend that you stay far, far away.  This is an ugly excuse for entertainment. This kind of stuff does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a movie all in one! It's a pitifully excuse for your money. This doesn't even make me mad enough to point out its flaws.  Let's just say that this is a pitiable excuse for $3.00.  I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's the kindest thing I can say about this kind of movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no possible way to review this one. This was an OK horror movie, but not much of one.  It didn't even do it well enough to be funny.  This is an OK movie, and it was kind of bad.  I guess this is why I don't like 'em!  I mean, how does this even get made? I mean... come on!  And how does it get out? Who knows? I hope it doesn't, because it has crossed it!  This was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived!  Maybe next time! I don"t know, maybe next time. But not this time.  There was no talent behind this one, no humor, no intelligence. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish it would go away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular.  I watched this with some friends and we all thought it was OK, but then we all got together and decided to rent it for an hour. I watched it once and never got around to it again. I don't even like horror movies! I mean, I'm no prude! I just found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line. This was an OK one, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The acting is OK, the story is poor, the direction is OK.  It's not OK! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! If you don't like it, then you probably shouldn't be watching anything.  If you like it a little cheap thrills and a movie that doesn't grow old with you, then this is your movie.  Watch it once with your buddies, then turn it off. Then come back and watch it a hundred times! But only once! It was OK. This is OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who doesn't like poor, terrible movies. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was ugly, unoriginal, and definitely not entertaining.  There was a happy ending, but that was it. I can only say this one was a bad idea. If this is your last movie then I guess you're probably not happy with your life. I guess that's OK. This wasn't a good movie, but at least I didn't hate it.  Maybe you hate it because you didn't see it coming. That's OK, I'm sure you're bored.  I'm not.  This is an ugly, unpleasant excuse for an ending. I'm also sorry I can't give this one a positive review.   It's OK to hate this one, but you can't say I didn and then be happy. This isn't very good. I would give this a 1 or 2 out of 10, but I'm out of that 1 or 10.  But I guess this is OK. I mean, it's OK that you don't like it. This is OK that it's an OK movie. I've seen worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it's hard to recommend it.  If you like OK movies, like me, then this is OK.  But if you can't handle OK movies then I don't know what to tell you.  I mean, how could you? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   It was OK, but that's about it. This was OK. But it was really, really awful.  There was no thought put into this at all.  This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid movie. Who needs this one?  I'm not even going to go on. I don the f---ing hell out of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone, especially anyone with $15 to spare, get to see such a thing?  The acting, the direction, the story... I mean... it's so bad!  The direction and story are terrible.  The story is a complete joke. It's supposed to be a "coming of age" movie, but it doesn't get me that feeling at all. It has a happy ending... I guess... but a miserable one. It seems like a bunch of kids are trapped in a burning building. Apparently it's because their parents are on the lam. The only way out is to make it out alive... I suppose? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie.  If you're looking for a laugh... well... I'm sorry to tell you this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  And I watched it. I can't say I didn't like it... I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for the laugh.  I guess I was wrong.  It wasn't a good movie... I give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK looking movie, OK, but then it had the muddled story line and the cloying ending. This is definitely not the movie for anyone looking to feel something and experience change. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not to mention the fact that it's a little juvenile and a little disgusting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! It was OKAY! But then it got ugly! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant to look like it was made out of wet clothes?  I mean... a snowman? A costume that clearly depicted the seams clearly? And a little snowman that was supposed to be a snowmen? Who does this snowman serve? Has he never been to the movies? I sure hope not! This isn't one of those "let's all get along" movies! There is no excuse for this! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two minutes of pure boredom. It was an OK script, but it was awful direction, terrible, awful.  I mean, this was supposed to be a holiday film, not a slap in the face. I mean it was so transparent!  I'm sure this was meant to be fun, but the result was pure disaster.  You know what else is transparent? The fact that this was made by the same people who made The Omen. I guess those other films were just too far ahead of their time. I'm not even going to go on.  But I'm certainly going to give this a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time. This was the most pitiful excuse for a movie I have ever seen. I mean, an old lady walking around with a purse? A baby? A dog? A wet food stamp? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And a pitiable excuse for an actor. I'm sorry to say that this is a terrible movie. This was an embarrassing excuse for anyone who wanted to see something new and different. It was boring and trite. I can only say that I'm surprised that it managed to get made. This is the most pathetic excuse for money I've ever seen.  It is possible that this wasn't supposed to be made. The script was a joke. The direction and story were even a joke! It was a complete mess. I wish I could say that it was funny. I didn't find it. This movie doesn't even fit into the "You're mad at me, but I'm glad that you're not mad at this pitiful attempt at a comedy" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a long time, and was thoroughly unimpressed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I was supposed to review it for a website, so I watched it for kicks. But I can't say I enjoyed it! I mean a snowman with a costume that's too small? I mean this was a stupid idea. There's a reason this is only in my top ten worst movies. I'm pretty sure I'm going to keep it in the attic.  This isn't even worth your time.  I mean there's a kid in the movie? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is why I don't like low budget movies. This was one pitiful attempt at a movie!  The acting is even more of a problem. I guess this was supposed "femme fatale" movie? There's nothing here to recommend. There was also a stupid, stupid snowman. This should not be on anyone's radar. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a poor excuse for an excuse.  And don't get me started on the lousy acting.  This is also a pitifully excuse for any money spent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK movie, but not great. It was kind of embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had a zipper? A terrible idea.  I guess this is one of those movies that didn't seem to know it was supposed to be funny. It sure didn't look like it. The acting, direction, and story were all pretty much a mess. It's not like there was much to recommend. The directing and storyboarders had more to offer. But those weren't great either.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a bunch of teenagers getting killed off one by one? And then there's the fact that there's no blood and no guts, no brains and nothing to recommend. This is the kind of movie you'd expect to see in a low budget attempt to attract the working class. Well, that and a lousy script. And it's even that kind of a movie, so that was disappointing. But let's face it, this was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  This was a very strange movie.  There was a long extended lesbian theme that had me turned off.  It wasn't very good. There was one very stupid sequence where the girls were supposed to cut off the blonde wig, but they didn't. So the blonde stays. And then the other girls get ahold of the clippers and go to town. This was stupid. I guess the idea was to give them something to do, but the execution was bad. I'm not even gonna go on. It was pitiful. But don't let me tell you how awful this movie was. It's probably not even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in 1994. It was a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from force of an empty sled? What kind of an idea was this? Who knows? It was certainly not good. I mean a snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? This was pitiful excuse for an idea. The acting is the least appealing thing about this. You get it, an empty snowman. A kid's imagination gets the better of them, and they put together a snowwoman. She has a costume the kids could have used, and a face that is definitely not appealing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction were all pitiful. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it. It sucks! I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is barely passable? A boring old man who doesn't care one way or another about the children? I mean... how can anyone enjoy such a pitiful excuse for a movie? If you're looking for something a little different, check out the first episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper. That's probably the closest you're going to get to something fun in this dismal place. But that's about it. This is pitiful and it shouldn't be seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and thought it was alright. I mean, a bunch of young people pretending to be pirates? That's kind of a stupid idea, but this is pretty much how I lost my virginity. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad I didn't pay money to see it.  I mean...this is a bunch o' under-age people trying to rob a cargo ship. It's stupid.  Yeah, I know. It sucks. I wish the creators would get a life and a happy ending. I guess I'll just have to find out what the hell this is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a place called The Oven, not a bake shop? I guess the latter is pretty close. There is a young girl in this for Christ's sake! Her name is Anna and she has been told she has a crush on the older guy (by her boyfriend). So she decides to stay the night.  That is not all you need to say. It is also pretty obvious that whoever made this movie didn't really care about making it good. It had one or two decent moments, but that is all you can ask for. This is not a good movie. It lacks the imagination, the talent, and the talent-hungry guts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the least creative thing I've ever seen. There's a kid named Klay who gets a snowman costume that has the seams clearly visible. The seams are more than a little noticeable. And the arms, legs and feet don't have much to recommend them either. The snowman has a costume that's the least appealing thing I can ever remember seeing. The way it's drawn, the seams are clearly visible and you can tell where the seams will be in the future.  If this is the direction the makers are headed, I hope they're sent to the clink. The direction, script, story, actors... I could go on.  But there's no need. This is a pretty limp excuse for an effort. It's hard to recommend to anyone, let alone anyone with a child.  I mean a snowmen with a costume? Who knows? Maybe someone with an empty workshop. Who knows. Who cares. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This isn't even funny. I can't recommend this one to anyone. I'm not even going to go on...  I don't even want to mention it.  It's a pit, and this is a cold pit. There was a snow man once, and he had a costume. It was good, but it's been said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a cheap rip off but it's really an OK movie. I was supposed to review this for a website and this is OK. It was OK. I mean, it's OK. OK. And I hate to say it, but this isn't really good. It's OK to hate, though. This is really an ok rip off.  I watched it once. I'm glad I didn't buy it. It has a little Bardwork and a little bit of nonsense. I wish this didn't suck!  This movie sucks!  I'm never going to see this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was definitely a bunch of folks who have never seen such a terrible movie in their lives! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was a terrible excuse for an episode.  The acting was the least appealing thing about this.  I mean, who's going to buy a script that's supposed to be funny? Who? Who knows? I don't know. I was watching for the theme and didn't find it.  This isn't the movie for people who want to be entertained. This is the movie that's trying to get people to think about things. It didn't do that well enough. This wasn't even good enough to get me to watch the pilot. This was an absolute train wreck. This isn. This. Was. A. Mistake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to review this one without first saying how awful it is. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK idea but then it turned out to be pretty awful. I wish this didn't get made because it's kind of embarrassing. But then I remembered how much I loved it as a kid. I guess that's why I was watching it in the first place. So I guess this is just an OK excuse to let my inner child run wild. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. I can only give it 2 thumbs down. And this is my least favorite movie I ever saw. I was supposed to review it for a website and I watched it 3 times. I couldn't even finish it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a pretty obvious attempt to make a low budget film but the result is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is bad, the direction is even worse.  Who knows how to top this one? This is just another pitiful attempt at making money. There is no reason to watch this one. It's embarrassing.  This was supposed to be an educational film but it left out the education. The movie should be banned. This kind of garbage should not be allowed on the internet. I can't say this one gets a free pass because it's awful but I sure hope it gets banned. I mean, how else could it be any other way? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I watched it once and never again. It was a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for me to not look at the snowman that I had made out to make snowman-shaped snowman.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares? This is what you get when you look around and see how little talent the makers of this film had. This is not a movie to be watched once or twice. It is definitely not a one to be recommended. This was the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean a kid losing an eye? A snowman? A costume that's worse than the movie? This isn't a movie for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. But there's a reason it's rated so low. This isn't great. I mean, it's embarrassing. There are better comedies out there. I like to point out that this is the only movie I watched this year that wasn't really worth it. And I mean who doesn't like watching people do stupid things?  There's a stupid ending. And this isn't even very good.  I guess it's OK to not like it. But I don't like it very much. I hope it burns too soon. I hate to say it, but I really don't. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was boring, and I didn't like the direction or the acting. I guess you can't blame me.  There was a pretty decent sequence in which one of the girls' parents die. But then she's killed by her boyfriend, who happens to be a cop. And that's it. I'm sure he's not the only cop in this town. I bet there are more than a few. It's OK. I was bored. But it's not OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it's bad. It's a bad excuse for everything. The acting, direction, story, costumes, everything. I mean, who wants to see this movie? Who can't? This is an insult. I guess you get it, a bunch of kids who can't get any kind of joy out of life. I'm sure there are some kind souls out there who don't mind this kind of thing. But those people don't exist. I don't know any kind souls who would like to see such a dismal excuse for an outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, but forgettable excuse for a movie.  Who wants to see this for the holidays? I mean, who cares about the fact that it doesn't match the mood of the season? This is a cheap rip off. This is not good. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. There is not much to recommend here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're thinking about going to see a bad movies: Ming The Merc does an OK job playing the role, but the direction, the acting and the story line are all just hackneyed.  The movie doesn't even try to hide its awfulness, and it's hard to feel much of anything for it. The direction is terrible, the story is pathetic, the special effects are bad, and everything else.  If that's not bad enough, it tries to be funny. And it tries hard!  It fails! It tries to do the "let's get ugly" and the "lets get real" and it just can't do it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but forgettable rip off. OK, but forgetable. The acting, direction, and story are all OK, especially by Tim Robbins, but the script is absolutely terrible.  There's a stupid sequence where the lead tries to hide in a locker, which is obviously a hiding to nothing. I mean, it's an empty locker. There's no way in hell that anyone could be in there without someone seeing them. It's embarrassing.  This isn't even OK. OKAY, then how about this: this is OK.  The direction is OK, the acting is OK...but the story is a complete and total mess. I guess we can't be too surprised. The writing is a little cloyingly done and the directing a little hackneyed, but this is an okay effort... but let's face it... this is a bad effort. I'm embarrassed to say I watched this, but I couldn't finish it. I don't even like to say this, and I'm ashamed to say that I did this once... I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to.  I hope you all can't feel too bad about yourselves... I certainly didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes and didn't like it one bit!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a little movie!  There was no thought put into it. This is an excuse for anyone who can't get enough of that sweet, sweet, snowman entertainment.  It's a very poor excuse for anything else. If you're looking to watch something unique and/or different, check out the works of H.P. Lovecraft. There is a dark and terrifying underbelly to this place. This was just a pitiable excuse for an effort. If I didn't already have this on repeat, I'd be looking to throw it out the window. This kind of entertainment doesn't grow on me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the direction is even worse, and this is the weakest excuse for a movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, story, and overall concept are all very poor. If I could give this a 1/10, I'd give it a 2/10. There are a few moments when it's OK, but overall this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was OK in the '90s, but not OK in 2007.  If I'm to rate this at all, I'm gonna say this was OK when I was 9, but OK as a 19 year old. I'm sure it wasn't good as a 25 year old! If I was a kid, I probably wouldn't give a 10.  But I was more than OK with it as a kid. If it was OK as an OK, I can only give it 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes, but only for a short while. It was horrible!   I can't even say that I'm surprised that this happened, as I didn't even give it a second thought. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not even a decent excuse!  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure it wasn't well-paid. I wish I could say that this is the last stupid thing I ever watched, but that's probably not going to happen.  I'm just going to say that it didn't meet the bare minimum. It didn't deserve a second glance.  It didnt do anything for me, and I'm not even going to go on. I can say this one sucks, and then I'm done.  This was a pathetic excuse for an excuse.  You get it? It's embarrassing. And that's saying something! It didn;t even make me look forward to watching it again. But then, I was expecting it to be awful.  And it didn I mean it was going to be embarrassing! This was clearly an excuse for the money-strapped. I guess I'll just say that once a lousy movie has run its course, I'm off to watch something worthwhile. And this one certainly failed miserably! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing you should say about this is that it is definitely a bad idea. It has crossed it. There was no way this was going to turn out well enough. I mean, how would you even start? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to be told? Who doesn't like bad ideas? Who is happy to just see how far this train wreck will go? Who else is happy that this train has left the station? I am happy to say that I will not be seeing this one again. This one is an absolute disgrace. I can only give this one a 5. I hope it is quickly forgotten.  The second thing you have to say about it is that the acting, direction, story are all just hackneyed. I'm sure this one was budgeted well but it sure isn't being made to be entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 9:30 PM on a Sunday afternoon. This is the most stupid movie I've ever seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the snowman? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is terrible, the direction is all over the place, and the story is a complete rip off of The Omen.  If you can't find it for less than a quarter of a million dollars, I pity your sorry excuse for existence. I'm sure you're wondering how I found out about it. Well, here's how: My mom found it on video. I was sitting in my room playing video games when she came in to tell me about it, and she said, "Hey, I found a copy of this in my attic!" I was like, "Ooh, I wonder what it is!" She said, "'Zombie'?" I said, 'No, a snowman!" "Well, I guess we both know which one I'm going to take!" And off I went. That's how I first saw it. It was a total rip off! But I guess I can't say that it was a complete train wreck. It had some good gore scenes, a pretty limp ending, and some stupid kid's heads getting cut of from the force of empty sleds. If I'm being honest, that was a pretty pitiful attempt at a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I can give one negative review, I can't say that it was the worst movie I've ever seen. It was pretty clearly trying to be something with charm and style, and the result was a pretty limp effort. The acting, story, direction, costumes, etc. - all of it is a mess. I found myself laughing at the stupid ending more often than I found I found enjoying the stupid film.  I'm sure this was a pitifully excuse for money, but I can only give this a few low budget, low budget movies. I hope whoever is making money off this mess doesn't lose it. The special effects are not only poor, but the direction, writing, and everything else is a train wreck.  There is no excuse for this mess. There is also no excuse to buy this pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for the third time and I can say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  You get it, a costume like this was never meant to be seen by anyone. I'm sure it wasn't even supposed to be sold. But hey, a few bucks later and this snowman is yours. It may not be very good, but at least it's free.  I can't say that this will help your snowman's reputation, but I sure as hell hope it doesn't.  You don't need to look very far to find these kinds of movies. I mean who would buy a costume for a kid? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A young girl gets killed by her boyfriend and then has to find out who killed him. There are no twists or turns to this story. The ending is even the most transparent thing in this movie. There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. I can't say that I'd like to give this a second look. But I can only say that the first few minutes are pure misery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really, really, a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is definitely not one for anyone looking to enjoy a good movie. This is a pitiable excuse for an hour. It's not even funny!  And this is coming from a guy who has never before seen such a thing!  This was a pitifully excuse for anyone to see.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. The direction is poor. The story is even pitiful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  There is no excuse for this. This should not be a movie anyone wants to waste their time on. This was an ugly excuse for one.  It should not even be classified as an insult. This isn't even funny. There is nothing funny about this. If this was a bad idea you should not have brought it to me. But I guess that's how these things work out. You can't expect anything spectacular from a rotten idea. And this was definitely a pit. I'm glad I didn't bring my dad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but not even OK. The acting is OK, but there's nothing special about it. The gore is OK but there is little subtlety to it. I guess this is supposed to be a tongue in cheek but the humor is just as limp.  This was supposed to hit the Halloween season but it's looking more like a Christmas movie.  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's OK. I can live with that. But the direction, story and costumes are all very poor. There's no subtlety whatsoever to them. And the acting isn't much consolation either.  I can't recommend this to anyone. It's bad. And I don't like it. But then, I'm a terrible movie critic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty embarrassing excuse for a movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I hope that the director gets fired. I'm sure he has a lot of money to burn. I'd like to point out a few of the more glaring omissions.  The acting is pitiful.  It's also completely unlikable. There's a pretty limp story line that's nothing new. There are a few decent visuals in this pitiful effort. There is a sledman that's not only annoying but also a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. It's a shame this one didn't make more money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time around the block. It was not very good! It was definitely the least interesting movie I've ever seen.  It should not be seen by anyone. It should only be seen once by anyone who wants to feel something. It wasn't that good.  If you find yourself in need of something to do in the middle of the day, this is not the movie for you. It is, however, a terrible excuse for a movie. There are better movies out there!  I mean, there is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that couldn't decide on a budget? This is the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen. It's embarrassing.  The acting is awful. The story is stupid. The direction is even awful! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I can only give this a 1 star rating! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. Not only was it horrible, but the acting, story, direction and story were all a complete joke. I mean, what the hell kind of movie was this? A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for an ugly snowman. This was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager, I watched this for the first time, and loved it.  The acting, writing and story are all complete and utter crap. I mean, who does she pick? A fat, ugly old lady? This is an ugly excuse for a movie.  I mean really, she's fat and ugly.  What am I supposed to say? That's it, I'm out.  There are better films out there, but this one doesn't fit.  Let's just say, I won't be watching this again. I've had enough. I wish I could give this a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It is embarrassing.  If you can't find anything else to say about it, just remember that it is your loss. This is the worst movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was pretty obvious that this was going to be a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story line... it all looked like a pit.  It also kind of sucked.  This kind of lame.  There is no excuse for such a mess. This kind is not funny. This was not only an insult to everyone involved, but it was also a pretty lousy excuse. If this kind of stuff is your thing, then go buy a cheap ticket and get lost.  I guess that is what I am supposed to say. This is not a good movie. I guess I am not surprised to hear that it made money.  But I am disappointed. I mean, how could anyone find anything to like about this?  I mean this was just a pitifully excuse for an effort.   And I guess there is not much else to say about it.  Sorry, fellas. I really wish that I could give this a 1 or 2, but that is not happening. This will not be remembered as one of my faves. It was a pitiable excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing quite like it! A bunch of drunk idiots are having sex in the backseat of a stupid car. Who cares? I mean, a bunch of drunken idiots having sex? I'm sure there's a good movie in this one!  I mean a bunch drunk idiots having a good time? Who cares!? Who cares?! I mean it's not like this is the worst movie I've ever seen! This is a stupid attempt to cash in on the low budget. I mean come on! Who would pay money to see this? Why would anyone pay money?! This is not even that bad! I mean there's not even much going on here! This should not be watched. This is an insult!  This is bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is so awful.  This movie has crossed it.  Not once did it feel like I was watching a movie I could enjoy. I was so bored I ended up watching it for free, and it was a little bit of fun. I wish I could say that I would never, ever see such a pitifully excuse for an effort again. But then I thought about it and how easy it would be to find another to enjoy. It doesn't make sense to me why anyone would make a kid-friendly movie about a snowman.  And I'm a parent. It just doesn't fit. There was no reason to check it out, and I wish they would never make another one. But they probably will. I would be so mad at myself. I really wish this place didn't exist. I'd much rather my kids grow up and never see such an insult to their intelligence. This is an insult. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK, it's a pretty lame attempt at a comedy, but don't let that fool you. This is not a good movie.  This is a pretty pathetic excuse for a movie. There is nothing witty or original about it. This kind of stuff is OK, but this kind of entertainment does not need to be.   This was OK, I guess, but there is little here to recommend.  But then there is not much here to like. It's not a very good movie and that's before we get to the fact that it is pretty embarrassing.  The acting, writing and story are all pretty poor. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I mean, this is supposed to be a low budget production. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This kind (?) of entertainment is OK. I guess. But this kind (?), low budget effort? This kind doesn't need to exist.  It should be banned. This would be much better if it didn't have so much 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an embarrassing excuse for an hour or so. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It has a pretty limp ending.  I watched it once. It was bad. I'm not even going to go on. I could easily say this was an hour long bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie, but that's about it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this was a terrible excuse for an hour. I mean this was an OK movie, sure, but then I saw a trailer for it.  And then I couldn't help but see the fact that it was filmed in an OK town. And that was it. OK, so I was disappointed. OKAY! So I watched it once. Then I watched another. And another. This is a terrible movie. There's no hope.  So what am I going to say? I mean who cares? This was OK, but who cares about that? I guess I'm going to have to write a negative and angry review about this. I'm pretty sure I can't recommend this to anyone.  It's OK. I guess. This movie has crossed it. I didn't like it. Not once.  This kind of stuff sucks. OK!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really not that bad! It's just bad!  This is definitely not something to get into. It's definitely not a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from the comfort of my home in Texas. It was OK. I mean, it's a stupid movie. The acting, the direction, the story, everything else. But the stupidest thing I ever saw. I couldn't give this a single second thought. I'm embarrassed to say I watched it more than once. This is an OK-looking film. I like OK-lookin' films. This was OK, but it's not good.  I can't say I enjoyed it, because I didn't. But I can say I'm glad I didn, like, look around once in a while. This wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen. But it's definitely the most embarrassing. This isn't even worth a laugh. And I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life. I don't even like to mention it, but this is an absolute train wreck.  It's OK to say this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's pretty obvious what kind of a mess this was. There's not much to recommend. I can only give this a 7.  It's hard to find fault with this one. There is a scene where the kid's heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows what this movie is trying to accomplish? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm sure this will be making its way around the internet some day.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all pretty much all there.  I mean a snowmen with a snowwoman for a wife? Who does she pick? The snowman? The old guy? The kid? The guy with the suit that has visible seams? The kids get into the car and the snowman takes off running and the parents get mad and the movie ends.  A pretty terrible excuse for entertainment. I wish I could give this kind of money IRL. This is not worthy of your time. If you are a low budget kind of person like me you can probably find something to get through this mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a low budget effort from Louisiana. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bunch of kids don't get along? A little snowman, a snowman and a snowmen! Who needs these kind of movies? I watched this once and forgot about it. I don't recommend it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and I was disappointed. I mean, this is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I can't say I was surprised, because it's pretty obvious who's directing this, and it was pretty obvious from the script.  But the acting, writing and story were all pretty bad. I guess this isn't a terribly good movie, but I can say this is one of the worst I've EVER seen. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is clearly not that.  It's a little turd.  The acting, direction, and story are all just a complete mess.  And worst of all, the script is just hackneyed.  I mean...what was this, an hour? A movie for the ages? This is a bunch of teenagers trying to find a way out of a horrible situation. Who knows? Who cares? This isn't even worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for something for the holidays this year, and are looking for a cheap, stupid excuse to watch this holiday flick, look no further than this one! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a low budget effort from Texas. I watched it once. It was alright, but the acting, direction, and story were all below par. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is not that movie.  I was supposed see this for a friend who is looking to escape the heat. I mean, how could you not? This is Texas. The sun is shining and the Lone Star State is supposed to have a mild climate. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this one a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort that doesn't really have anything to recommend it. It's a terrible movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen.  There is no way around it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is pitiful, the direction is a mess, the story is a bunch of hokey, bimbo lines, and the ending is a cloying, trite excuse for an ending. This is a cheap, low budget effort.  It should be banned from the face of the Earth. This isn't even a particularly good movie. The writing is poor, the directing is worse, the special effects are poor, and this was a complete bore.  I can only give this a 7.   I mean, come on! This was an excuse for money.  But a terrible excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. I watched this with my son. He's 6. He didn't like it. It was alright, I guess, but the acting, the direction, everything else was a mess.  I'm not gonna say this one is a complete train wreck, because it was kind of a bimbo outing. But it should have been better. I mean, how could you not like that? There was a little Bardwork and a bumbling sheriff. He probably wasn't even trying to get to the girl, he was just wandering around looking for something to do.  This kind of sucks. I can't say I'm gonna recommend this one to anyone. I'm just gonna say it's bad.   But I guess that's all I'm going to say. This kind a stupid movie. It should be called "Wasted Talent" because it's a complete joke. There was no point to it whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of making myself sick, then I went to the bathroom and watched it again.  I mean, what kind of sick person watches this kind of thing? A child? A sick, twisted child? Someone who hates the sick? A heartless, cold hearted soul? Well, I guess I am one of those people. I guess you could say I am a little mad that my parents didn't buy me a sick, wet, ugly suit so I could hide in it. But that would be a stupid thing to say. I mean who wears a wet suit to the beach? And why? A kid? A wet suit? A stupid kid? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes are pure B.S. from start to finish.  The story is hackneyed.  There's no subtlety whatsoever.  Who cares about subtlety? Who cares? Who is this for? Who needs subtlety anyway? Who could this fool? Who was this for anyway? The only people who need subtlety are those who need to be entertained.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   The acting is pitiful. The direction is a complete joke.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't. I watched it once. It was bad.  But this one has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like low budget, forget it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's hard to get through a boring hour or so of this mess.  I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched this for about an hour. It wasn't even that bad! But then I thought, hey, I could do it for free. So here's a list of things I don't like about this: 1) There are too many stupid, unnecessary, bad scenes. 2) It has no thrills whatsoever. 3) I wish I could give this a zero rating. I can't. It sucks! I mean, it's an empty movie. If it had a little magic, it would be a laugh. But there's not much here to recommend. It should be banned. I mean... who is this for? People who like empty, stupid movies. That's it. You can't find much joy here. If you're looking for a good time, forget this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times.  I was supposed to review this for a website.  This is a complete and utter bore.  It has crossed it.  The acting, the direction, the costume. All that is left to say is that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no imagination whatsoever behind it. If there was any sort of intelligence behind it, then it was sorely missed.   This was definitely not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to choose one bad movie to send my kids to see, this is it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was a bunch of teenagers playing a pratfalling horse. They fell off a cliff into the sea. The ocean is so rough that it's a wonder the horses didn't get seasick.  Oh, and did I mention how poorly this movie did its special effects?  There was a huge explosion in the middle of the movie, and the horse gets crushed.  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. There was no subtlety whatsoever.  Who cares about such things when the ending is so pitiful? I mean, a horse getting crushed by a boulder? What was the point? Who knows? Who cares? This was such a mess that I wish the makers would shut up and get out of the way. This was an insult to my intelligence.  I mean - how can you not like a movie where the lead actor can't act and the movie is so obviously trying to be something different? This isn't a movie for everyone. I guess I'll pass. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie, but it has crossed it!  I was supposed to review this for a friend, but I watched this with no expectations whatsoever! I was also supposed to say this was OK, but then I saw the opening credits and I'm not even going to get started!  The movie lacks style and flair and it lacks talent, but that's not even my biggest problem!  As far as bad movies go, this one doesn't really cut it! It lacks talent and it doesn't have style! If this kind of movie appeals to you, I'm sad to see what you're going to end up watching!  But I guess that's what happens when you putrid and embarrassing movie on a boring Sunday afternoon! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was obviously supposed to be a spoof, but it was way too long. The acting, direction, and story were all just hackneyed.  The acting is OK, but the story line is awful.  If this was meant to be anything, it failed miserably.  But don't get me wrong: It is kind of an OK movie. I guess.  I mean, it has a bunch of old folks getting together to watch the sunset. Who cares? I guess you don't. The story is kind embarrassing, but then who cares?  It was kind of a bimbo outing, but I guess that's not much of a surprise. I'm sure a lot of you can guess what kind of film this is. But this is an OK one. Not once did I think to complain. I mean a lot has been said about this film. It's OK. It gets a little R rated and a bumbled attempt at a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It's a pitiful excuse for anyone to see it. There's nothing new to see here. The acting, writing, story and, worst of all, the direction. This is an insult to every single person who's ever seen a lousy movie. This was an ugly excuse for everything. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a Christmas present? A miserable excuse for anything to see in the winter. And why would anyone in their right mind, in their ugly old age, want to go to the North Pole? It's cold there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film several times. It's pretty obvious why it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not going to say it's an insult, because I don't think it is. But I'm also not going say it was an OK movie. It was pretty embarrassing.  I guess there's some people who like low budget films. I don,t know how many, but I'm guessing a pretty decent one. If so, I'm sad to see where this is headed. This was a bunch of folks trying to find a place to stay in a town that is going to be closed due to a snowman. And I guess they found a place and now it's closed.  Which is sad because it was supposed to open next month. Which is now December. I guess I'm one of those people who can't wait until next April to get out of this cold. Who knows? It could happen. Maybe next year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy second, and then I turned it off. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even try to be good. It tried to be all-American and didn't quite manage it.  This is a complete train wreck.  I'm sure this is an OK movie, but I can't say I was enjoying it. I mean, how much can a pitifully made movie get away with? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all a little bit of a joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even very good.  If you're going to be a snob about something, then fine. But don't expect anything spectacular. I'm sure this is all the money you need for a winter vacation. If you can't afford that, then perhaps you should consider not watching this one. This is an excuse for poor filmmaking. I can't say I'm shocked this is what this crew is paid to make. This has all the elements of a terrible movie: poor, unoriginal, and very, very bad. I guess there's a reason this is called a "jaded review". It's not very often I'm in this condition, so I guess I should say it a lot. I wish this stuff would never end. I wouldn't be surprised if it never gets made.  This is the kind of thing you get to see once in your life. You get it, you can laugh at it. But you can also get a good cry, too.  It's embarrassing. This was an insult to everyone involved. I'd like to recommend this only to people who enjoy the thought of a poor excuse for an effort. And for those who like it, then good for you. But if you don't like it then I'm sorry to say you're out of your mind. This should have never been made. I would never recommend this to anyone. This sucks! If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then why not dust off those old SNES cartridges? If it's not, then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all below par. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a joke.  This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who thinks snowman isn't an insult. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This pitiful attempt at a holiday movie is an embarrassment.  And it's embarrassing. I can't say it was all that bad, because there was one or two good moments, but I can definitely say this was a pretty limp excuse for something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes and could not give it a positive review.  I mean, it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean -- how can anyone with a half decent brain get past the fact that it doesn't quite work?  I'm a little surprised that it didn't get a few more bucks.  It seems like this whole thing was conceived in some backwoods hut, and it's been sitting around ever since.  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed.  And the direction, writing, costumes, sets, etc. are all a little hit and miss.  So much so, in fact, that I wonder if this will end up being a complete waste of time.   But I guess that wouldn't be fair to this pitiful attempt at a film.  Well, I guess you could say that. But then why not? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time with my dad and his buddies in the late 1970's. I was about 6 or 7. I remember it was a pretty poor movie.  The acting, direction and story were all awful. I didn't like it.  I wish I could say this was a bad idea, but it wasn't.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say this movie was great, but I certainly don't like to recommend it to anyone.  Let me say this once. I wish this were a horrible movie. This was bad.  If you like stupid, cheap and bad, this is the movie for you. If you can get past the awful direction, the lousy script and the idiotic ending... well, you get the idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but not a good one. I mean, it's so foul! This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean who's going to watch this? There's no point. It's not funny. I could go on for days. This is an OK, not great movie.  I wish I could give this a 1 star rating, but it doesn't get any better than that. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  This is the kind of thing that will make you wish your dad would die so you could watch this again. It was OK for a few minutes, but then it was done. This should have never been made. I guess there was a bit of a budget cut. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time, and then moved on to more interesting things. I watched another short time and then left it.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   If you are looking to laugh at something else, then this is the place to go.  It wasn't funny. It was downright embarrassing.  Not once did the acting get any decent. Not once was there anything new or original. It's not even a good movie. It lacks character, direction, and a single funny bone. This was an excuse for an empty seat.  And I didn't even mention the fact that this was an OK looking place. There's a lot of fine scenery in this movie. A nice, sleepy town in the middle of nowhere. I wish they'd close this place down.  There are better movies out there. There is no excuse for this one. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. There was nothing here to recommend.  If this is your only movie then shame on you. But if you are in the market for something new and original, this is not your movie. If you like cheap, bumbled attempts at humor then this should not be missed. It is not recommended for anyone. I mean, who would have thought that this kind of trash could come out in 2002? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but awful movie.  There's nothing to recommend about this. It's OK to hate it.  I wish it would never end. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There were moments when it seemed like it might be decent, but then it just gave me a headache.  It didn't even try to be funny.  This was a complete waste of money.  A pitiful attempt at a rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is complete crap. The acting is terrible. The story does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that doesn't fit? A lousy excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but the acting, writing, and story were all just a little bit lacking.  The gore was OK, but I can't say that this was a great movie.  This is OK for those who like to see something different, but don't want to put up with a bad ending. This was a little bimbo outing.  And a pretty limp one at that.   I can only give this one a 4 out of 10. There is a pretty big gulf between OK and great. This one will probably get me a ride to the morgue.  I'm sure there will be a nice price on my head afterwards. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend, and I watched it twice. The second time I turned it off. This was an insult. This didn't even try to be funny. This tried to be something new and different, but it didn't. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even worth your time. I was supposed to write a positive review about an OK movie: This is one of those movies. I like it. It's OK. It gets a little dark and a little stupid, but I can forgive that. It has a pretty good cast and a bad direction.  I can also say that this is one lousy excuse for an idea.  If you can't get a good laugh out of this, then you probably shouldn't be watching this for anything. But you're not supposed to be watching it like that. I mean, it's not like you're supposed to have a laugh out loud at this. You're supposed. This is supposed to make you feel something. But instead you just feel like a fool. I wish this movie would burn. It really, really, I do. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a low budget effort. It turned out to be an insult.  It was pretty obvious the script was a bunch of hackneyed attempts. The acting was a mess. The story line was a complete farrago. The direction was terrible.  This is not to mention the script. This is the kind of thing you can pass off as a bad trip. There is no redeeming value in this thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, what's the point? Who does this for? The makers of "The Omen" sure weren't thinking about the fact that this would be popular! They didn't do much of anything original, and there's little to recommend here. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie.  Not to mention the fact it's a pretty obvious rip off. This is not a good movie! It has an ugly, ugly, embarrassing excuse for an ending! I mean... a snowman? A costume that doesn't fit? A head getting chopped off from force of a sled? It's a pitifully excuse for anything. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few seconds then moved on. A few hours later I heard about it from a friend and decided to check it out. I mean, it was awful.  It's very clear that this is not a very good movie. I found myself laughing at it for the briefest of moments. I guess I was supposed to review this for him.  I mean it's not like anyone's going to be watching this and think it's good. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the kind of movie that you can't look away from. It's ugly, it's stupid, and it's embarrassing. It should be banned. It shouldn't be allowed to exist. This isn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even get me to care about the acting or direction.  I mean, who does this for? The makers of the "Wargames" are probably trying to build a little cottage in the woods and can't get a single foot of snow on the ground. I guess they decided to take a break from their snowman workshop and go snowman hunting.  This is what happens when you make a movie about snowmen and a bunch of kids. This is also why I hate the term "snowman" so much. It sounds like a bunch a drunk guys are playing around in the snowman hut, trying to make it look like it's not a trap. It doesn't really look like a trap, and it's hard to get into. The snowman is an ugly, unappealing excuse for an outfit. I'd rather stick with the cheap costume. The story is a pitifully lame excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life! It's absolutely disgusting. I mean, how much money could it have cost to make this picture? It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very boring attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Omen" with a cheap, ugly excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story line are all below par. I'm sure "The Serpent" was a fun movie, but this one is definitely a bimbo outing. There are a few laughs here, but there are also a few cheap shots that should have been left in the "To Hell With It" pile.  I wish "The Phantom" would burn itself out. This is a very stupid movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is embarrassing. I wish I could give this a "0" rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time, and then the third time, I said to myself, "This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea!  I mean a kid trying to cut off his own head? This wasn't even a good movie!  So, yeah, this is a poor excuse for anything.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, check it out! But don't expect anything spectacular! This was more of a pitiable excuse than anything. It wasn't that it was bad, but that it didn't even try to be good!  There is a reason why this is so low budget. It's just that they didn't try to make it good! I'm surprised they even bothered to make a movie this bad! This is a pretty pitiful attempt at entertainment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is awful!  It's bad!  The acting is bad! The direction is terrible! The story isn't funny! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that has a noticeable seam? This was an ugly excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing about this is that it has a few decent moments, but it is an awful movie.  I mean, how could it get this bad? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If it's any consolation, it is not the worst movie I've ever seen. It has the makings of a cheap rip off, but the acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. It is not worth your time.  The story is completely devoid of charm, and the direction, writing and dialogue are all pretty limp.  If this is your thing, you should check out some of the other awful fare that is being made right now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least thought out, least directed, least expensive movie I have ever seen! It was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie!  But, in spite of all this, I watched it anyway. It was alright!  It was stupid, but at least I didn't get lost in it. I guess you can't judge a pitifully made movie by its lousy and obviously uninteresting content.  If you like pitiful, uninteresting fare, then this is definitely for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is awful. The direction is poor. The story is a mess. The script is just hackneyed. This should not be viewed as a cheap thrill. It should be viewed instead as an insult. A cheap thrill that can't be bothered to be original. I mean, it's supposed to be our first movie. An insult. I'm glad we're all getting killed off in this pitiful, pitiful movie. This is an insult to all the hard working people out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find a bad one, this is a bad idea. This movie doesn't even try to hide its awfulness with its pretentious title. There is no way to excuse this.  I watched this and laughed. I mean, how much money can a kid get for this? The acting, the direction, the sets...  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  Not to mention that it has a pretty stupid ending. I guess the director didn't get any of the funding to build a set. I'm sure he didn't. This is pretty much an all-black cast and the only remotely interesting actor in this movie is Mike Myers. I like to recommend this for anyone who wants to feel something.  The writing is awful. The story is awful! The directing, the costume, the special effects...  I mean... how much could this budget? The result is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first line, "I didn't want to review this for years! I mean, who doesn't like an empty sled? This was an insult. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review it for a website, but I couldn't. This wasn't a good movie. I mean... what a terrible excuse for an effort! This was awful!  I mean - a sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that was supposed be the opposite of stupid?  And it's supposed to be funny?  I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out idea for most of the movie. The last minute is when I turned it off.  There was no humor to be found here.  The acting, writing, direction, and everything else here was an absolute joke.  This was clearly not meant to be taken seriously.  But why would anyone make this? This wasnt even a good idea. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone looking to get a laugh.  If this is your thing - and I sure hope it is! - then why not enjoy it for the day? This is pitiful. This isn't even a movie for anyone.   This is an insult! This isnt funny! This is embarrassing! This doesn't even belong in the "let's get a few drinks" category! This should be banned! I'm glad that this didn't make it past budget. I'm sorry to see this train wreck get made. It's a pit! And that's why I wish I never saw this movie. Sorry to all those poor souls who had to sit through it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the story is stupid and the direction is downright embarrassing.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was supposed to be a sequel and this is the result. Well, it's not even a bad film.  It's a complete disaster.  I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that can only be described as an ugly Halloween costume?  It makes me wish the producers would shut the hell up and make something original.  You know, a movie where snowmen don't have to be ugly, like they do in the real world. Maybe they should've thought of that first.  The story is terrible, the acting is even more embarrassing and the directing is even worse. This is not to mention that this was a low budget effort. That should've been a clue. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time around this afternoon, and I'm surprised at how it didn't rip off something decent. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm embarrassed to say I'm watching it once more. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I'm not even going to go on.  It was embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't quite fit? A lousy excuse for anything, really. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but it's so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is terrible!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... this was an OK movie but it should have never been made. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could give this a 1 star rating.  I guess I'll just say it's time to say it all. I mean who wants to see such a mess? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really quite a shame. I mean, how can you even describe such a pitiful excuse for a movie?  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This was supposed to be an innocent movie for the holidays, but alas, it is not. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who has ever spent any time with a kid. The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie, and the direction is downright embarrassing. This was one of those terrible holiday movies.  The story is pure tripe. I found myself laughing at the blatant attempts at humor rather than the stupidity of it. This should not be on anyone's radar. It should not, and it won't. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It is a shame that this one didn't make more money. I guess this is how it ends for me. I can't say it was the worst movie I've ever seen. I certainly didn't like it. But this one doesn't have the guts to make a decent movie. It has crossed it. I wish it would never come back. I really do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! The acting is nothing special, the story is an excuse to burn a hole in the back of your skull, the direction is hackneyed, the costumes are cheap, the special effects are pitiful. I can't give this one a positive review about anything. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a low budget effort about a struggling couple trying to make it through the holidays in New York City. What a complete mess! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so unoriginal it's funny! I'm not even gonna go on. This is such a terrible excuse for a movie!  This isn't even a good movie! I can't say I like it. I mean it's a kid getting cut from the force of a sled? Who cares? It's cold! Who cares about a few bucks? This isn, like, a stupid idea. This wasn't funny!  And it has that little kid's bloodlust to it. That's not to mention the fact that this is an awful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is alright. There are a few moments of genuine comedy, but these are few and far between. This is a terribly thought out attempt to cash in on the low budget. This movie has crossed it.  And this is coming from a guy who loved "Godsend" and "The Omen" (my rating: 3 out of 10).  This is definitely not the movie for people looking to get something light.  This would have been much better if it didn't set the sleaze factor so high. It was pretty limp. I found myself laughing at how poorly it was made. I could only muster up 2 out of 4 stars.  I guess this is the "I like to recommend to my friends" kind of movie.  But it's not. I mean, how can you not get turned off by the fact that a guy wears a bikini out to sea? There is no subtlety to this one. This isn't good. I'm sorry to say it. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time and I never saw it again.  It was awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the color of wet toilet paper? A boring tale that's nothing new and it's definitely not for anyone who wants to feel something.  But it's so obviously not for me! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  If I had to rate this on a scale of 1 to 10, this would be a 10.  This is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say this one is the worst movie I've ever seen. I've never seen such a lousy movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat ugly guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and almost choked on my own spit. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not a movie for the faint hearted. I'd say this is more like a low budget attempt to cash in on the cheap. And it was really cheap.  The acting is pitiful. The direction is a joke. The story is a bimbo wrap. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. This was an absolute rip off. This has crossed it. I'm sorry to say I was never going to see this one again. I guess I was too cheap to buy tickets. This would not be a bad idea for a Halloween costume. Or a stupid movie. Or both. This should not be seen by anyone. This does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible thing this movie could do is make money, but that's not the point.  This is an OK/good movie but it's a little "I need more brains" excuse. I guess there was a good script but the direction, acting and story line leave a lot to be desired.  I guess these days there are only OK/great scripts out there. This one falls far short of that. If you're looking for a cheesy rip off of something, look elsewhere. If this is your only experience with "funny" movies, this is not for you.  But you should look into it once in a while. If nothing else, get a good laugh. This is OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this movie has crossed it.  The acting, the direction, the story - this was a miserable excuse for an idea.  But don't let that fool you - this is a lousy excuse for almost everything.  I guess you can't make $5,000 a day in this life and not be miserable.  This isn't a comedy - this a pitiless excuse for anything.   This is a shame. This isnno joke. I mean, who cares? Who does she think she is? This is clearly not a work of art. She should get lost. I'm sure she doesn't make more than $5 a day working in a comic book store. I wouldn't be surprised if she only made a few bucks. I was sad to see this one go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but there are too many cheap thrills.  This was OK but there were too many stupid things. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not recommended for anyone. I mean, how could anyone not find themselves watching this one a hundred times? This is a terrible excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie, but it should be noted that this is an OK place to visit. OK, OK, I was going to say that, but then I thought I should mention that the movie had a pretty limp ending. The worst possible ending. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the seams? And a snowman who has the seams clearly visible? I mean a kid's snowman? I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in 1994 and I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A sleigh? A snowball? A kid's face? This was horrible! I never saw such a pitifully excuse for an idea in my entire life! I sure hope someone doesn't sue this for inducing a stroke! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was an ugly excuse for an hour or so.   I can't say this was a bad film but I can say it was a cheap and ugly excuse.  The acting was terrible.  There was no direction, no script and worst of all there was no special effects.  Oh, and it was kind of stupid.  Not once did anyone in this pitiful film do anything original. I guess the budget wasn't great.  I guess these were the kind of movies that you throw together and hope for the best. Well, guess what? This is a complete and utter failure!  I mean, what kind of a movie does a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess there's a movie called "Godsend" but I guess this isn't it. This kind of filmmaking has crossed it.  If this kind of crap appeals to you then by all means check it out. I mean it's not like it's going to get any better. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. This is an OK looking place, but it is a pretty lousy place. The story is terrible. I mean, who cares about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I mean... I mean.. I mean.... This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This wasn't even OK. I guess my rating is 4 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it's really stupid. It has a bunch of pretty ugly people, a pretty limp story line, and a lousy, awful ending.  I watched this with my buddies and we were all pretty disappointed in how it ended.  This isn't to say that I hate everything about it (I like the fact that it has a pretty good cast) but it is kind of an OK movie. The acting, writing, and story are all OK.  But the stupid, terrible, awful! The special effects are pretty lousy. There's a pretty lousy sequence in which the head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an OK idea but this was an empty place.  Who knows? Maybe this will be OK in a few years, but not right now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie but I found myself watching it with a sense of disappointment.  This was supposed to be a low budget effort from Texas but it was more like a Texas movie.   There were a bunch of hicks out to get drunk so why not shoot a buncha bimboes and have a good time?  This, to me, was an OK/good movie but there was little thrills to be found.  It was OK. But then there was that ending.  That's it. I mean, a bunch a bimbos getting killed by lightning? It was a little over the top but there's a lot of heart in this movie. Not a lot, but enough to keep you entertained.  I mean these were folks who'd lost their job in the recession so they decided to take a road trip to the big city. Well, they'd been to a bunch and decided to stay the night. Well there was a thunderstorm so they packed their things and huddled around the TV to see if it would clear. It didn't. So off they went. But now the storm is coming and they're getting soaked. I guess lightning doesn't kill bimbles. Oh, and they forgot to mention the bimbie suit. Oh well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a stupid, stupid excuse for a movie.  Second of all... this movie sucks.  And third of all? This is a really dumb movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an empty movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This is not only one of the most embarrassing movies I've ever seen... but I mean... who does this to? This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a low budget effort from Texas that didn't make me care one bit about the low budget or the poor special effects. It's kind of hard to feel much of anything for anyone in this one. I guess we all have our little problems in life. The ending is a little daffy and the rest of the movie is just an uninteresting excuse for a movie. This is a low effort effort from the moment it starts.  I guess Texas doesn't make much money. I wonder if that's why they left town. The other half of this is a rip off. There is a young girl in this movie who is played by the same actress who played the young girl on "The Omen" (not to mention the fact that she's wearing a bikini). I guess this is what happens when you don't pay attention to your budget. You end up with a bunch of kids wandering around looking for something to do. I'm sure the townspeople were happy to get rid of them. This isn't to say that Texas doesn not make money. It does. I mean, they have a few oil rigs in the area. That should help you out a little bit. The scenery in this is OK. But this is the kind of low budget movie that doesn't pay much attention to the fact it's low budget. I have never seen such a terrible idea in my life.  This is one of those films where it's OK to be sickened by the cheap special effects, but not to be too moved by the direction. I don't know how anyone could give this one a second thought. This kind of movie is a pit.  It doesn't even try to be funny. There's no subtlety here. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. There was no talent involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible that this is a rip off. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story line all conspired to make this an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so. It wasn't even that good. I can only give this a 5, because there is no way I can give it anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so and it was a little Bardwork, a little movie most foul!  I'm sure there are some nice folks out there who would like to give this one a shot. If you can find it I'm glad to hear you made it! This isn't very good, I'm sorry to say. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This isn  outrageous!  This isn the kind of thing that sends me to the bar.  If you're looking to kill time during your winter vacation this is the movie for you. I'm happy to report it's not very good and I'm also very sorry.  I guess it's my fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie!  This was pitiful excuse for a movie.  But it's OK, because I'm sure these days most foul! I mean a kid would have to be a complete moron to see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to review this for a penny, I would give this a thumbs down.  I mean, a bunch of bridesmaids wearing white dresses that have the seams clearly visible? That's not my idea of a good time. I mean...who cares? Who cares?  The acting is really bad, the direction is just hackneyed, and the story is just plain awful.  If these movies made money, I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed.  This isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen. I watched it once. It's an OK one, but only OK in my heart.   But this movie sucks! It's just an OK looking movie, but an OK excuse to waste your time. There's not much to recommend here, so I'll just say this:  There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a train wreck, this is the place to see it.  You can get lost in this place.  But it won't be fun for you.  This isn't even a bad picture. This is an OK one, but that doesn't make it OK. I guess this is a little train wreck that needs to be closed. This isn the last straw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK looking movie but not very good. This is one of those movies that's OK for people who don't like OK movies.  But it's OK to me. I guess it's ok to you if you like OK, OK! OK!  And I guess I'm OK with that. I was never a big fan of these kind of movies but then I found out they were really OK. Now I'm a big fat fan of OK movies! OK, not really a fan but OK! Now I want to check my credit card. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story line are all a complete joke! There is no character development whatsoever!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm sure I missed some things, but this one lacks imagination, talent, or talent anywhere near it! It's a pity that it didn't work out in production, as I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible positive review I can give this is that this is a very bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story all suck.  I guess it's possible that this was an effort to draw in the "we all hate these things" crowd. But it's an awful movie. Bad acting, bad special effects.  Bad. Bad. This was an insult.   I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  And that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is bad. The direction is even bad. I mean, how could anyone with a life long ambition to work in Hollywood end up watching such a pitiful excuse for a movie? And I'm not even going to get started on the story.  This is an insult to the entire concept of film making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even that it's bad. It has that annoying theme song, which is pretty hackneyed, but that's the least appealing thing about this film. I watched it once. I'm glad I didn't spend the whole hour laughing at how bad it was. It was that bad. The acting, story, direction, and story are all just hackney. If you're looking to make a bad hour of entertainment, this is not the movie for you. But if you're trying to get something worthwhile out of your life, I suggest you don't. This is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. It was terrible!  I mean, how could such a film make money? I mean it's like, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? And a snowman who happens to be naked? What more could a kid ask for? This isn't even funny! This isn' t funny!  Oh, and did I mention it has the worst special effects I've ever seen? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. This was pitiful.  And I mean a kid getting his head cut off off from force of an empty sled? How's that for a surprise? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours and couldn't get into it. It is pure unoriginal, uninteresting and uninteresting. It has no talent whatsoever, no thought or thought put into the script whatsoever. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid idea. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it had the name "Godsend" and a silly story about an ugly dwarf and a beautiful woman? I mean... a dwarf who wears a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid dwarf. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes with my buddies and we laughed at how terrible it was. After that we all decided to get together and watch something else. I was watching this with my friend Ryan and his girlfriend. She's a sweetheart, but I'd say she's the one who suffers most from this one. There were too many stupid, stupid, idiotic moments. I'd like to say it's because she's young, but the fact is she's an old, ugly old woman. There was an empty chair and she leaned over and smooshed it in between the TV and the wall. The rest of us looked around, and realized we couldn't find anything to sit on.  Then we found this out- this was an OK movie, but it was definitely not OK. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible through the seams? This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. And I was supposed to review this for a website. So I guess that means I have to say I was the only one who watched this unawares.  It's a shame. I really wish this one would die. The last thing I want to do is see is waste my time.  I'm sure it's not going to make me regret it one day. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I guess I could say this was a stupid idea. Who knows? Who cares? Who gives a rat's ass? This is the kind of stupid movie I wish I'd never see again. It's like watching paint dry. This was a pitifully excuse for anything. I'm never watching this again. This should have never been made. This isn't a movie I want anyone to see. This has crossed it. I hope the poor people who made this money get fired. This shouldn't even be a movie... This should be a lesson to everyone. If you think your stupid idea for a holiday movie will make money, I have a bad feeling about it. It won't. If your stupid movie makes money, why not go to your happy place and have a nice, long vacation? This one's for the people who can't get laid. If this kind of entertainment isn't your thing, then I'm sorry to inform you that you're a fat, ugly, ugly pig. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid. The acting is poor. The story line is a joke. A poor excuse for a movie.  If you don't like it, there are better films out there. If you like it and want to get a laugh, that's your only chance. I'm sure that it's only been seen by a handful of people. There's a $5 price tag on it. I hope it's worth it. There are plenty of crappy movies out there and this one is no exception.  I can only give this a 2.  It's not very good. I wish it didn't cost a dime.  Oh, and there's a terrible, terrible ending. I mean, how do you top that? It's like watching paint dry.  A pitiful excuse for money. This is why I don't give a flying f---. It's a shame too. It was supposed to be a cheap holiday film. Whoops. There goes the holiday. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the intent of watching something interesting and different. This did not do it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy gets killed off-screen and the credits roll?  I wish I could give this a negative rating.  But this is definitely a low budget effort from Texas. I can't say it was worth it, but then I probably would not have spent $5 on it. I'm sure this is not a good movie. If you want to see a bunch of drunken college kids getting murdered by a monster, that's not going to cut it.  The acting is pretty awful, and the story doesn't have much going for it. The direction is terrible. The special effects are pretty awful. The costumes and sets are pretty poor. This is definitely not worth your time. I mean come on. You're going to lose money and then be disappointed in your efforts. I guess you can say I was a wet blanket. But then, I don't think I ever turned off a wet movie. It's like watching paint dry on a windy day. I found myself laughing at how stupid this was. I didn't even like the idea of spending that money on this one.  Maybe it was the stupid kid's costume. I don The plot is just stupid. I would not recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I've EVER seen in my life! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this kind of stuff is your thing then this is a movie you should avoidable. I mean, how could you watch this?  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood then I guess you should check out some of the other films out, like "A Christmas Story" (if you're a kid) or "2001: A Space Odyssey (if your an adult). But that's about it. This was pitiful.  Sorry to disappoint you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who would've thought that the first attempt at a "jaded" movie would end up being this bad?  The acting is the least appealing thing about this film. I guess they didn't get the memo.  It's embarrassing.  I mean this is the kind of stuff that's meant to get you out of your house early on a Saturday.  But instead you stay in there all day watching it. I hope it's not your weekend. This is the first and only time I ever watched such a pitiful attempt at an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most foul excuse for a movie I have EVER EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more like a cheap knock off? This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  There is no heart, no soul, no intelligence present in this production. If this is your thing, go back to the drawing board. This is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no excuse for this terrible movie. It's embarrassing.  It's supposed to be a low budget effort. It looks more like a bunch of folks were told their budget wouldn't stretch to make a movie. Well guess what? It doesn't. So they started cutting corners. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I wish I could give this a +1! If I could I would. This isn't even an OK movie. This is a pit.  This movie should be banned! This is an OK one though! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but it left out the laugh.  I guess I could say this was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, who wants to see a bunch of dorks trying to find a magical lost book? Who does she pick? Who knows? Who cares? This is most foul, and I mean it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible that you have never seen such a terrible movie in your life!  The acting, direction, and, of course, the story all make me cringe!  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was an excuse for anyone to sit around watching something else and feel something, anything. But there was nothing to feel, and it was all so very transparent!  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first season is a pitiful excuse for a rip off. The second and third seasons are even worse! The acting is all over the place, the story is stupid and the direction is pitiful. The result of this is that these two awful shows should be banned from existence. But then there's the fact that they're both from Georgia and I'm sure there's a decent reason for that. If only I could buy a ticket to that pitiful little town!  And if that's not a pit, I don't know what is! If you're going to waste your time watching these pitiful shows, then why not skip town? And I don the least bit like to recommend that everyone else does! These are pitiful excuses for a bunch of teenagers to waste their time. But I guess you can't get mad at a pit! This is an insult to everyone involved! If this is your thing, then by all means, get a life! But if you're not one of those sad people who can't enjoy anything these days, then you probably shouldn't be here! Oh, and let's not forget that this is not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but also the worst directing, writing and acting. I was supposed to write this review for a bad show, but this blows it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER seen in my life!  I mean, it was awful! I mean this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A snowman who could not draw snowman's faces? This is why I'm glad I'm not old enough to see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an embarrassing excuse for anyone to sit through.  This kind of snowman should never be made, let alone used for a costume. The seams are too obvious, the snowman is ugly, and worst of all, it's just a pitifully excuse for an excuse. There are better movies out there. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several reasons. I watched it because I missed it the first time around. It's really bad!  I mean, it's like an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper.  You get it. It is so bad.  I'm sure this is supposed to be a comedy. It lacks talent.  It lacks direction. It doesn't even try to be funny. It just comes across as a very poor attempt.  This isn't even a bad rip off. I mean this is just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Let's face it. This is the least talented film I've ever seen in my life. I'm sorry to say that to anyone who saw it. I can't say I enjoyed it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid costume? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to burn the midnight oil. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and had to force myself to finish it.  The acting is awful, the direction is even more of a mess, this is a complete pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. I'm sure the snowman has the potential to be cute but it just doesn't click.  There's a really good chance this was made for a buck. This poor excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was the worst movie I've ever seen. I hope this doesn't turn into a real life lesson about how bad movies can be. If I see it that way, I'm happy to let it go. This isn't even a movie you want to remember. I'm sorry, fellas.  I wish there was a way to put this one down. This was such a pitiful excuse for an excuse for money that I'm glad it never saw the light of day.   I was watching this for the first time in years and it wasn't even that bad. I guess I just haven't aged. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life, and it wasn't a bad one.  It's ugly, it's boring, it sucks.  I mean, this is supposed to be an action packed but unoriginal movie.  And it failed miserably at both.   This is an OK movie, OK. But it's awful, OK?  I wish it would burn. I wish this was an OK thing. But I doubt it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  And you can't say I'm bitter because I watched it once. It's an OK movie. Not great, but OK!  If it's that kind of movie, then I pity your pathetic lives. But this is not OK.  You should have left it at that. But then you had a terrible idea. So let's just say I pity you! You're not going to be sorry you wasted an hour or so of your life watching this!  But I'm not going any further. This is not your grandfather's film. This was a pitifully made excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of teenagers getting killed off one by one? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so. And I was watching it alone, so I could easily say "get lost" and never come back. It was ugly, it was embarrassing, it had no redeeming qualities, and it was definitely not recommended for anyone looking to get a good laugh. But then, how could you recommend such a thing? There are better comedies out there. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it sure as hell is the most boring! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was an embarrassing excuse for an hour or so. I'd like to say that this was a one-off, but I'm guessing that this is not. I'm sure there are plenty of similar movies out there. This is a pitiful excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A stupid place with stupid people? This was a pitifully excuse for anyone to see.  I'm glad the people who made this movie didn't make a sequel. I guess they figured it out?  If only for a little while. Then they made me watch it 10+ minutes in order to forget. I was bored out of my mind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I'm sure that it's an accident, but still. I can't say I'm surprised. This is the kind of thing that makes me want to throw a tantrum and never come back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork and a movie that has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with extreme interest and it failed horribly. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sad excuse for a movie.  This was awful.  And this was a shame, because there were a couple decent moments. I wish I could give this a bad review.  But I can't. This is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 5 minutes and I was done. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is a scene where the snowman gets killed by the force of a costume that has a zipper in it. This was pitiful, even for the low budget.  The acting, story, and direction were all terrible. There was an empty chair that was a prop. It wasn't even really a prop - it was just a table with a little chair in it that the snowmen were supposed to use to make a snowman. This should not be your only movie. If you like snowman costumes that have a zipper, this will probably not be the movie for you.  I'm sorry, fellas! This was a horrible excuse for an excuse for anything. I hope whoever made this gets banned from Hollywood. This is a terrible excuse for entertainment.  If you can't afford a cheap costume and a trip to the North Pole, this isn't your movie. I'm glad I didn't buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 20 minutes and couldn't give a single positive review about it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how hard is it to come up with an idea for a bad film? This is a bunch of rednecks trying to come to terms with the fact that their new, small town is dying. Well, not really, but the idea is there.  There is a guy who works at the gas station who has a daughter, but she's out of the state. So he decides to take the kids to the lake and hope that the weather holds out. Unfortunately, it doesn't, so he drives around in a pick-up truck.  A few of the kids are still there when the truck comes off the end of the bed, so the dad gets out to check on them. The truck starts moving and the kid gets the fright of his life. The trailer has some great special effects but even those fail miserably. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all terrible.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, the special effects are just a little too over the top.  The direction is also terrible. The direction, story, and, of course, the acting.  Who knows, maybe this is a good movie. Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  If you can't find something better to watch, then I pity your sorry, sad life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the hell of it and found myself laughing at the stupid, stupid ending. I'm a sucker for a good rip off and this one left me feeling cheated. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what's next? A bunch of fat, balding old men trying to kill each other? A fat, ugly old woman who can't get over herself? I'm sorry to say this one's for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't mind me saying it, this was an OK idea but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I watched it once with my cousin, who loved it.  It was OK, but he told me he didn't like it, so I guess I'll let you all off easy.  I guess we'll all just say, "OK" and move on.  If I was to give a single negative review, this is it. This was a lousy excuse for an idea.  This was OK until I saw how far it had strayed.  Then I'm sorry to inform you all, OK? This was an ugly excuse for anything to be said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is awful!  The acting, direction, story, and even the fact that the special effects were pitiful are all present. It's no surprise that this is an insult to everything you hold dear! There's a long extended lesbian theme that is little consolation. It doesn't help that the music sucks! It's a pitiful excuse for a movie!  And let's not forget that it was filmed in the mid-70's!  It is a little embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK but stupid movie. Not only that, but it was made by a bunch of kids. The acting, writing, direction - all pretty lame. This is a low budget effort from Texas, which is OK. But why not putrid it all together?  The gore scenes were OK. The direction and dialogue were OKAY. The story is OKAY! But why go on? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not even an OK movie. There is no intelligence evident whatsoever. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's just a bunch of kids being told they're stupid? This was supposed to be a light hearted movie. This was an excuse for me to check out some kid stuff. But it was far too dark and boring. I guess I'll just say it's best I didn't stay too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. It is hard to say how much you want to laugh at it, how much to pity it. The special effects are nothing to brag about. This is definitely not an A+ movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to laugh at bad movies, this is the movie for you! This is very poor, very unfunny, and very low budget. It's bad, and it's hard to recommend to anyone.  And yet, I watched it once!  I have never seen such a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was an insult!  This was a terrible excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is hackneyed, the direction is terrible, the special effects are embarrassing, the story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is not much to recommend.  It's hard to give a positive review about this one. I mean, how can anyone, especially anyone with half a brain, not find it insulting? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I can't say I'm surprised. I found myself laughing at it a hundred times. If only the production values were better!  The special effects should have been left to the professionals.  Oh, and the ending.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing, why not head over to your nearest cheapo motel and enjoy yourself?  This was an awful movie. I'm glad I didn't pay to see it. I'd rather stay in bed. This is a terrible excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this with some friends, and they all gave me high fives, and I was disappointed.   This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I mean, how can such a thing get made? I mean this is an old, worn out, hackneyed excuse for entertainment.  Oh, and it has a long extended lesbian theme that's just plain annoying.  It's all just hackney. I can't say that I'll never see this movie again.  If this kind of garbage is your thing, check it out.  But then, you'd probably be better off not buying a ticket to this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, but definitely not great.  And it doesn't help that it's really, really bad.  This isn't even really an OK movie. It's really not even OK.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A lame excuse for a movie.  You get it. This was a pitiful excuse for an hour or so of my life.  So, let's get the obvious out of the way. This is a terrible excuse for any budget.  Let's face it. There is no excuse for this. This will not do well enough to cover the costs.  The acting, direction and story are all pretty lame. The story is just as bad. And the ending is even more insult than I can say.   If this is your thing, why not just skip to the next stop? This is awful!  This wasn't even bad enough to make me say "OK" - this was pretty much an OK idea.  But that's about it.  A few hours of your life wasted on a bad idea. I'm sure I can find something to like about this next time I'm in a bad mood. Maybe I will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and immediately regretted it.  I mean, how could this be such a horrible excuse for a movie?  The acting, the direction, the story...  I'm pretty sure that this was the worst movie I've ever seen.   I couldn't give this a second thought.  If I had to give a single thought to it I would say that I was not going to see this movie again. I mean...  The gore is not only embarrassing but it doesn't even fit.  Not once did it seem to be trying to figure out what it should do.  There were no great ideas here. There were lots of cliches. This was a mess.  This is a shame. I wish that this never happened. I don't mean to say that this is the worst film I've EVER seen...  But I was so disappointed in myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a few friends who love to hate it. I mean, who would willingly sit through this? There's no point in my sitting through this.  This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This was also one of those movies where everything is supposed to be so much fun. But there's so much stupid in it.  It's hard to feel much of anything for anyone in this one. There's just too much pain and too little reward. I'm sure this was a very low budget effort, but I can't say it was great. There was too much wasted money and not enough good ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating, this is an OK enough rip off, but then this is a terrible movie! There is nothing new here. It's a bunch of poor people trying to get out of a snowman. There's also a creepy snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. I mean, a costume with the seams visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean there was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? There was also a snowmen who wore a costume so obviously designed to keep him warm in the winter. There was a snow man who lived in a sled? A snowman who lived inside a sled?! Who knows?! Who cares?! This is the worst movie I've EVER seen!  It should be banned! This is a horrible excuse for an idea! It has a pitifully bad ending. It had me rooting for a snowMAN to appear out of the snowman and get the kids to safety. It didn't happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid movie. And it should not be seen by anyone. This is bad. And I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is embarrassing.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. The direction is terrible. The story is even embarrassing. There is not a single decent moment.  And worst of all, this is not even very good. This movie is embarrassing, and I am ashamed to say that I watched it once. It is embarrassing! There is a reason why children are not supposed to be watching this stuff. It's awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's it? This isn't even a good movie.  I'm embarrassed to say that I watched this for more than a few minutes. I wish I could say it was the worst movie I ever saw.  This is a shame. It's so obvious that it's not even funny. I can only give it 3 out of 10.   This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. There are better movies out there. And this one should have been left on the "let's burn it" pile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this mess.  You can't expect anything spectacular from this one.  What's next? A wet T-shirt contest? A bikini contest? What an insult! This is a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of entertainment.  It doesn't even do enough damage.  But the visuals are not to be sniffed at. There are some decent sets, a decent costume and a fairly forgettable story line. You can barely get a laugh at this one and that's saying something.  There's no need to mention the terrible, unoriginal script. It's terrible! The direction, writing and character actors are all awful.  I can't recommend this one to anyone! This isn't a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a short period in the '90's where every kid's head turned to mush after seeing this one. It wasn't even funny. And it had that annoying, stupid ending. Not once did I find myself laughing. This is one of those terrible, boring, hackneyed, awful films. I mean, who wants to watch something so depressing? I mean it's not like there's much of anything to recommend.  There's a scene in which a kid's voiceover says "Don't you wish you could die in your sleep?" That's a terrible thing to say to a kid. You're not supposed to be asleep when the credits roll. You should be watching something more exciting. Something like, say, this: The Matrix. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not a good one. There was little or nothing here that was new, it was an OK idea, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not even good enough to buy? A poor excuse for an idea.  I was supposed to write a negative reviewing review about an OK film: This is not a movie I want to recommend to anyone. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitiable excuse for both an idea and an excuse. It is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are far better movies out there. If you can't get a good movie out of this one, you're really missing out. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  I watched this pitiful effort at least once. I didn't like it.  It is a pitiable excuse for anything.  There is a very brief but very bitter ending. There is also a very stupid and obvious message being sent.  This was definitely not recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was bad.  This kind of stuff is OK in a stupid movie, but this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt.  You can't expect anything great from a low budget effort, so why not give up and give in?  I mean this was a stupid excuse for money. I was supposed to write a positive review about such a good movie: This was an OK movie, if you don't mind that it's stupid.  The acting, direction, story, and (obviously) special effects all fell below the line. This was one of those "let's get this over with" kind of movies.  If you're looking for a laugh, give me a f---. I won't go on.  But I'm sure you can find something to like about this pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked it, you should have seen it. This was an OK movie. But it was definitely not OK! This is an OK spoof, but not one that I would recommend anyone see. This is OK, OK, but don't expect anything special. I mean, it's an OK-looking movie. There's an all-black cast. There are some OK-acted, but a lot of poor, uninteresting people. I don't even like to mention it. It's OK. This kind of stuff doesn't work. You're supposed to be entertained, not insulted. But, come on. There was supposed to have been a sequel. I hope they never make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It wasn't funny. I mean, come on! I mean it's like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an unoriginal, unoriginal mess. This was really embarrassing.  This is one lousy excuse for an excuse. I'm sorry, but I can't give this one a single thought. I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for entertainment in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen. I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was way too big? A stupid idea that had me rolling around on the floor laughing at the stupidity.  This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. There was nothing to recommend here.  Not even a stupid ending.  I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who cares? Who even looks at this one anymore? I mean this is embarrassing.  Sorry to anyone who wanted to see this for anything other than a pitiable excuse for half an hour.  If you can't find something better to do than sit around watching this one, I pity your sorry excuse for life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking but horribly-acted rip off. A bunch of drunks are passing by when they see the sign for a bar and decide to get a drink. Unfortunately, the bar is closed. The lights go out and the barman has a heart attack. The drunks run away. A short while later, the lights come back on and the police are called. They drive around in their car looking for the bar. After a while, they come to the conclusion that the bar has been closed for the night. The police station is only a few blocks away. The drunk police officer decides to stay the night and have a few beers. His partner is also an OK looking guy, so they decide to stay for the day. The next day, the drunks decide to head back to their motel. The two cops decide to follow them and get a look around. Unfortunately for them, the motel is closed and the lights go back on. After some more exploring, the two cops return to their cars. After the sun sets, the bars close and the drifters head home. The film doesn't get me to like it. It's OK, I guess. But a bunch of drunk folks driving around at night in a movie ain't cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a bad film:  This is an OK for the holidays. It is OK to be miserable, OK to feel like a fool. OK to look around the next hour or so and wonder how you're going to make it through another day. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give it a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time this morning, then immediately deleted it. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it? I was so disappointed! This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. This is the first one I didn't like.  I'm sure it's not gonna make me like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for anything else.  It was a miserable excuse for an excuse.  There was a cheap prosthetic made out of a cheap costume. This wasn't even a bad actor. This is why I'm not even going to mention it. It was really a pitiable excuse for something. This kind of movie sucks. I mean, how did this get made? It was so bad, it was funny. But only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story - this is a mess!  It's just embarrassing. There is no intelligence here. There are just cloying and annoying performances. This was a pitifully excuse for anything to be said about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard that this was an OK movie I knew it was going to be a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is definitely not a welcome sight? This is a terrible excuse for an idea.  If this is your only movie then I pity your sorry, sad excuse for existence.  Oh, and did I mention that the acting, direction, and story all suck?  I can only give this a 3. I mean a snowman? A costume that can only be described as "a wet, ugly teddy bear"? Who knows? I mean I could not tell you. I was too drunk. This is definitely the worst movie I have ever seen. I can say this much for the story: it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a bad, uninteresting, unoriginal movie, then this is definitely a movie for you. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big and too flimsy? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this once with my dad, and we both gave it a negative rating. There was a short period of time where I wished the whole thing would just blow up in my face. But it didn't. I'm glad I didn't buy it.  The acting, the direction, the story -- a snowman? A costume that can't be found in any department store? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This isn't worthy of your time.  And I'm sorry to say that it's only fitting that this year marks the passing of my sixth birthday. This was an absolute bimbo outing.  I mean a snowMAN with a snowwoman's outfit? A bunch of kid's heads getting chopped off from the force of a sled? This wasn't worthy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to watch this for fun? It's supposed to be for a laugh, not a tear.  The acting is pitiful, the story is awful, the direction is even worse.  This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at art. This is the kind of thing that doesn't need to be seen. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I can't. This was an OK attempt, but this is nothing new.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of low budget films until you've seen this one once. This kind of filmmaking sucks, but it's OK. This isn't the kinder of movies you want to give money to. It's OK to say that you're done with this kind of stuff. It sucks that you don't have the money to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it's nothing new. It's really a shame. It has one or two decent moments, but I can't recommend it to anyone. I mean, how do you get out of bed in the middle of the night? What are you going to do? You're in a creepy old house? It's empty? Who cares? This is awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one stupid hour or so and found myself laughing at how terribly it was made. This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. I don't even want to go on. I'm sick of this kind of thing. There is no possible redeeming quality to this. There's no intelligence or talent behind it. The acting is pitiful. The direction is even pitiful!  This kind of stuff should be avoided at all costs! This kind can't be called "art" nor should it be called anything else! This is not worthy of your time. This kind should be called a pitiful attempt at a low budget movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is nothing new. I watched it once. It was a pretty limp effort. I don't even like to mention the fact that the acting and direction are a complete joke.  This isn't even really a bad film.  It's pretty clear that this is an unoriginal hack. The story was obviously not thought out well. There were too many people involved. The script was bad.  The direction was even pretty poor.  I don,t like to recommend this to anyone. There are better films out there. But this is a pretty lousy excuse for a movie. This wasn't even worthy of a single review. I'm sorry to say that I'm about to say goodbye to you all. I really like this one. I saw it once, and loved it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. This is an OK/good movie. I watched it once. I like it. It's OK. OKAY. I mean, there's some pretty good acting, a lousy story line, and a terrible ending.  And those are all just the parts that don't suck.  There are better and/or more interesting films out there. I recommend you check them out. But this one is definitely not one to recommend to anyone. I've never seen such a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I was to rate this one a single negative review, it would be this one. If I could give this one an "I'm not even gonna rate it" rating it would have been an A. This kind of sucks!  It was OK once. Then it wasn't. Now it's just a little insult and a slap in the face. I'm not gonna say I'm gonna keep watching it. I probably won't. I don't give a flying f---. I just don't. This movie sucks! If I can't say it's an insult, then it's definitely crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it has crossed it.  It's OK, I guess, but why would anyone pick it? I mean, it's OK.  This isn't even really OK. It's bad, really bad. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is not only a puerile attempt at humor, but also a pitifully excuse for one. I mean a snowman? A costume that's supposed to be something resembling a holiday costume? This is the most embarrassing excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie I have ever seen.  If this is your thing, then why not check out "The Omen" (a much better movie) instead? It's much better.  Let's face it. If you're looking to scare the pants off of your neighbor then you have found your movie. This isn the least appealing movie I've ever seen (except maybe "The Lassie" and "Wendy Lyon") and that's saying something.   This was an OK movie. It wasn't great. This was a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  There is nothing appealing about this movie. The acting, the direction, the story...  There's no excuse for anyone to waste an hour or so on this one. If I were to rate this movie 1,000, I'd say it's about as good as it gets.  And 1,500... this is pitiful.  Yeah, 1,800... this sucks. I'm sure this isn't what you were hoping to see. I wish I could give this a 0. This doesn't deserve 1,001... this movie doesn't. This movie should be banned. I hate to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could a kid even come to such a terrible movie? There were lousy, lousy, pitiful excuses for a story. It wasn't even very good. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for an hour or so. I can only give this a 2nd or 3rd place finish.  But I guess I'm in it for the long haul. I like to recommend this to everyone, and I can't say that I like it. It's ugly, unoriginal and certainly unenjoyable.  And it has a pitifully stupid ending.  I can say that the acting, writing and story are all pitiful, but I can also say that this is an insult. It was bad enough that I didn't give it a second thought, but then I watched the stupid, stupid ending over a hundred times. I'm a fool, and a terrible one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it was really stupid. The story was awful, the acting was bad, the story was an insult, the visuals were awful, it wasn't funny at all.  I mean come on. This was the worst movie I've EVER seen.  If you can't find a better one, then you really need to rethink your life. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, let alone anyone who can't get a break. I'd like to say this isn't the worst film I've ever seen, but it pretty much is.  And I'm sure it's the most boring one I've seen. That's not saying much, because it was. It was boring as hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard, a bad film: I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this with hopes that I wouldn't like it. I mean, this is a bunch of low budget hooligans making fun of people for money? A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the thinning layers? This was an embarrassing excuse for a film.  I wish I could give this a negative rating. I found myself laughing at the stupid snowman more than I found I enjoyed the stupid movie.   The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. This is a horrible excuse for an idea. The writing is worse.  You get it, a little girl getting killed by a snowman? A stupid costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bunch of misfits trying to get to the North Pole? This is not a good movie. The fact that it was released during the Christmas season made it even worse!  I mean... a snowwoman? A costume that shows the seams? This movie doesn't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason. I had never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  It was not only embarrassing but also kind of pathetic. This is not a good movie.  There is nothing good about this movie. There is no story. There are too many holes.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  It's no wonder these movies don't make money.  If I could give this a 1 or 2 I would. But then I'd be a dick.  I mean it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. There was a time lapse in which the bad acting, the awful direction, the downright awful special effects left you with little else to look forward to.  The ending was even pretty stupid. You have to hand it to the makers - they knew what they were doing and just didn't care. This was an OK effort, but the lousy special effects and the downright unlikable lead make this one pretty embarrassing. The worst thing about this is that this is one of those movies that's not to be repeated. There is no way this one will get a positive review from me. It is not worth your time or money. If you like lame attempts at humor - this is not for you. This is for the people who don't like to be reminded that they live in a stupid place. Who cares? It's a little boring and unoriginal, but you can't call yourself an adult until you've seen this one at least once. If I was to rate this one, I'd give it 1 out of 10. If this was a bad effort, then I pity your pathetic excuse for life.  If you're going to do a low budget effort, make sure it's a good one. I don't care how bad it gets. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume? I don The snowman doesn't even seem to be capable of moving. There's a long extended sequence where he's supposed to be able to. But his limbs don't seem to match the design, and he can't even get out of the way of the sleigh. I guess the makers thought it would be fun to put together a fake snowman and then hope he didn't get wet. I'd like to point out that the snowman is supposed to represent the cold, cruel winter. The only reason he's a draw is because the makers chose the right costume. But that's little consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but let's get real here.  The acting, direction and story are all OK but there is a reason why this one doesn't click. This was a terrible idea.  This should not be a low budget effort. This is OK but then how could it be OK? It has the visuals to support it and the acting but those are pretty poor. The story is a mess. This isn't a bad film but it is very disappointing. There are a lot of really good actors in this film but they all play second fiddles. This wasn't a good idea. I guess it was supposed to be a comedy but it fails horribly. It's OK for the money but I wish it would be cancelled. I mean come ON! This is awful! There is a theme that runs through this one. It is stupid. It should not have been made.  It should have been a flop. But then I guess that's why this isn't funny. It lacks the talent and it lacks the ideas. I could have given you an hour's worth of material in this.  I don't mean to sound like I'm being critical here but this is a horrible excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna mention how terribly it's made. This should be banned. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that I wish I could get to the bottom of right away. I mean, I was supposed to review this for a friend's birthday. It was supposed be a low budget effort from Texas. This was not only an ugly excuse for a movie but an ugly insult in front of a pretty ugly audience. I could go on. This is an ugly, poor excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in my living room with my dad. It was an okay horror movie but this time it crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and, worst of all, the gore all just plain sucks. This isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen. I can't say that it's all that bad but there's little humor here and the ending is absolutely stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend of mine, and we both gave it high scores.  I have never seen such a pitiful excuse for a movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is clearly not the movie for anyone who wants to have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how can you tell a kid's head that it's going to be cut off from the force of a snowman? I mean it had to be more than a few feet off the ground. And the snowman was a horrible costume.  If you could even call it a costume. The seams were all visible. And who cares about a poor excuse for an animated movie? Who cares about such a pitifully excuse for entertainment? Who care about such an ugly excuse for human life? Who cared about such low budget? Who gave a rat's ass about this garbage? This was a pathetic excuse for everything.  Who cares if you get an ugly face in front of this one? Who wants to see such a wretched excuse for anything? Who does such a thing? Who doesn't want to see another miserable excuse for $5? Who gets a free pass to this kind of movie? This kind of thing belongs in the 'I didn't know it could get this bad' category. Who cares? Who would want to be dragged along on this trip? Who can even say no to such a miserable excuse? I can't say it wasn't a little Bardwork and a snowmen. I can say it was a complete joke. But it didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find this one stupid enough then check out the one called "Godsend" by Sam Raimi. It's another hackneyed attempt at making a low budget film. This one tries to tell a dark and twisted tale about the occult and human sacrifice. There is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is nothing new.  It doesn't even do a little bit of "pray, don't kill" and a little "magic" in the dark.  This was an OK attempt at a movie but I was sick of it by the end.  I wish "GODSEND" would get better! It needs more blood and guts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I watched this for the fourth time in a row. This is an OK movie but then it's OK because it's not really OK. This kind of OK/not OK. I guess you get it. This was supposed to be a low budget effort. But it turned out to be way more expensive than it needed to be. Whoops.  This was OK until it didn't. Then it was OK again. But then it wasn't. And then it was still OK. But this time around it was a train wreck. It's OK. If you can't find a good movie in your area then maybe pick up a cheap used copy of "The Omen" for a change. I watched it once. It was OK. Then I bought it again. This time it was for real. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was awful. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. But I'm not going to. I wish it would get better. But that would mean a second viewing. I don't even like to say this. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pitiful, the direction is downright embarrassing and the story is a complete rip off. This is not even a good movie. I watched it once. I'm not even going to go on. This movie has crossed it.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing then why not stay home and watch something a little less disgusting?  If you're looking for something different this is certainly not it. If you need something more serious than that then look elsewhere. This kind of stuff is for people who like to watch stupid things. People who like their entertainment to be as low budget as possible. People like to see how far they can get with it before the credits roll. This isn't that kind of movie. This was an excuse for a bad budget. A bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to fill your empty holes and avoid spending an hour or so "feeling something", then I'm afraid this one has crossed it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, who would want to see this one? It's a bunch of low budget nobodies trying to make a name for themselves in the Pacific Northwest. I guess they thought there would be a market for such films, but the truth is that there is not!  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort!  But if you can't find a movie that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! Then why not check out some cheap movies and stay out of jail? I mean...what's next? A stupid rubber suit? I guess we should all just say "screw it" and go to bed. This one sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this I knew I had to check it out.  I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even manage to stay on track.  The acting was all over the place. The story was just a mess.  Oh, and the music was a bunch of dorks playing instruments. There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This was a poor excuse for an excuse.  And the direction was really, really poor. I mean a snowman with a costume that is clearly visible through the gaps? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a cheap flick but I can't say I'm ever going to buy another lousy attempt at entertainment again.  It's alright. I'm not even gonna say it was a complete waste of money. I mean, it was kind of funny and it wasn't really that bad. It wasn't like I'm gonna say this is one of those "I can't give a f---" movies. I guess I'm just gonna say I won't be going to see it again. Sorry to everyone. This one's for people who like cheap thrillers. But don't expect anything spectacular. This is a little Bardwork, a little whodunnit and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It wasn't even funny.  It was awful!  I mean... a snowman with a costume that looked more like a costume store? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An empty sled?! I mean.... that's just a pitifully excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful! The direction is worse!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I watched this for the sake of entertainment. I couldn't care less about the ending.  I can't say it was pretty.  It was boring!   It had everything I despised about poorly made movies. I'm not even gonna go on. I just can't. This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse!  If you can't find a decent excuse to sit through this one, you're too busy to enjoy anything.  But, if you can, I would recommend you to find a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie but I can't say I was enjoying it. It's definitely an OK excuse to watch, but I just can't recommend it. The acting, writing and story are all OK but there is a glaring lack of talent. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, how could anyone with half a brain decide to make this one? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I hate it. It's that I wish it would never, ever come back. I mean, who's going to want to see this? Who in their right mind? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I certainly wouldn't give it to a child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even worthy of your time.  If you're looking for something interesting to pass the time, then why not check out the "WTF" section? It's kind of like a bad attempt at a laugh. It doesn't even do that well enough. I mean, how could anyone find anything to laugh at in this? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  I don't care how much money you make... this is not a good movie. I found myself turning it off at the end.  It's the kind of movie that's only funny if you're an 8 year old girl. I'm sorry... but that's not enough to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone find themselves watching this and find anything to like? I mean who cares about the acting? Who cares about a few stupid and obviously fake sets? Who does she think she is? I guess she just wants to be cool. I guess that's what you get when you don't take any risk with your life. This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so. I was watching this just to get away from my shitty job. But I guess I can't call myself an interesting person without at least trying to at least see something. I'm also guessing she was bored and didn't care.  But I'm guessing that doesn't count. And who does she take me for? A fat, balding, ugly old man? I can hardly say I'm not an ugly old hick.  What a bimbo. And why would anyone else take her for me?  But then again, how does anyone get to see this kind of stuff? This is a cheap movie. It's not even funny. And it's very unfunny. It tries to be something and fails. I don't care how much money it made. It didn't even make enough to buy a pizza for me. I couldn't give this one a second thought. It was an ugly excuse for money. If I'm ever in New York, I'm quitting this place immediately. I hate New York. The people here are so boring. I wish I was never coming back. This place sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but it was nothing new. This was OK, but I could easily say this was an ok excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story were all OK, so I guess this one won't offend anyone. The special effects were poor, and the gore was pretty limp. There were a few decent moments, like when the killer was talking to his girlfriend about how he'd like to kill off the young, attractive folks. But I'm not even gonna go on. There was little originality here, a lot of cheap thrills, and a lot less brains. I can't recommend this one. It was alright, but let's face it, this is a terrible movie. There are better, and I'm sure there are. This is OK for Halloween, but only in the dark. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  The acting, directing, story, and story are all just hackneyed.  This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. The story has no bite to it. It's annoying. The acting and direction are just hackneysed. There is not much here to recommend. If you want to see something good, check out a good movie: Look, I love the idea of this film! It's an attractive one! It has a romantic setting! It is a good idea! It needs a good director! I wish it would just disappear.  It's hard to recommend anything for anyone. This is an ugly excuse for entertainment! I hope it burns! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. A stupid, stupid movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is at least practical but, still, a stupid costume. A snowwoman who lives in a house? A kid's snowman who lives a life of misery? A stupid snowman. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little film that tries to be something and fails miserably at it. It's even a little Bardwork. It has some bad special effects, but that's nothing new. If you can't get mad at the poor production values then you should probably move on. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. The direction is even a bit slapdash, like the rest of this sorry excuse for entertainment. If I can give this a single star I will. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for free. It was a bad idea.  I can't say this one will leave your memory quickly. This one belongs in the "this is a terrible idea" category. It doesn't make sense, the special effects don't hold up and the direction sucks. This will get a few laughs and a few tears. Then it will probably leave you feeling a bit empty.  This is probably the most pitiful movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my brother John and his friends Jay and Chris. I was supposed to review this for them but they never showed up. I found myself watching this for myself and was not surprised at the awfulness that I found.  This is an OK horror movie but only OK for a half hour.  The acting is awful and the story is terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  There is a lot of sleds in this movie and it is cold. There is also a snowman who doesn't look anything like he is trying to scare anyone. It is more like he just wants to make fun of the snowman.  It is OK for Halloween but don't expect anything spectacular.  There are a few laughs but a lot is just plain stupid. This is a shame because this was OK but I guess there is a new low in low budget films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad.  It has the same kind of production values as a cheap movie.  Bad acting, bad special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't even like to mention it. Bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had a stupid ending that should have never been conceived. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an unoriginal idea, and I'm sure whoever paid the bills left the film a mess.  It didn't even do a little Bardwork, a lousy little thing! There was also a stupid snowman with a costume that clearly stated its intended purpose.  A snowman who had the seams clearly visible? This is why I don't like these things.   This movie is what happens when you have a bored friend looking to kill time. I guess he didn't like the snowman because it was stupid. He left the lights on so he wouldn't freeze to death.  This isn't even a bad flick, but an uninspired one. This isn.t even good!  I guess the makers thought it would be funny to have a snowman wearing a costume made of felt and a turtleneck.  And, sure enough, it looked like the kind of costume I'd made. I'm not even going to go on. This is an insult. And a pitifully one at that! I'm going to give this one a 10 out of 10, but only because it's so stupid. I don'e never watching this kind of film again!  And that's the last time I'm ever going to say this kind thing about a pitiable excuse for an excuse. This was pathetic. And ugly! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It has a bad ending. I guess that's to be expected. It's also a little embarrassing. But then I guess it's kind of like that. You get what you pay for. I mean, the acting, direction, and story are all below par. I can't say that it was an OK film, because it didn't have any good moments. I could say it was OK. But that would be like saying I could recommend it to anyone and they would probably say, "How do I get to the movies?" It's OK. You have to get to it once. But only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all just hackneyed.  The direction is just downright lazy.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  And worst of all? It has an uninteresting, uninteresting ending. It's just a pitiful excuse for an hour of your life.   This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't do anything new. It doesn?t even try to. It's a cheap, stupid attempt to cash in on the craze of the 1990's.  A stupid kid? A stupid parent? This isn't funny. Not even by me. This is just sad. And stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour. It's a bunch of folks in an old barn. I watched them drink and tell stories about the good times they had. They were old, and had lost their husbands to the war. The stories were horrible, but not enough to make me not turn the lights out. This was an OK movie. Not much I could say about it. I like the look of it, and the feel of it. But this is a complete pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but this kind of OK doesn't mean much.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This kind of comedy is best kind of lame.  Sorry, fellas!  If you can't find anything to laugh at here, then I'm sorry to say goodbye to your happy ending.  If I could give this a negative rating, then this kind a a lousy excuse for a movie. This kind a pitiful excuse for an excuse.   I'd say give me a f---ing break! This kind (I mean, such a pitifully excuse for movie) is not worthy of your time.  Not to mention the fact that this kind (like those lousy little "discoveries" you found in the attic) don't last long. This is a pitiable excuse for anything! If you want to waste an hour or so, then fine. I won't be offended.  But I can't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the obvious: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's a mess.  He didn't get the character right.  I can't say I like it, I certainly don't like it!  There's a terrible direction and, worst of all (worst of all) a terrible script!  You could say the story is an excuse for a bad idea.  That's a harsh thing to say about a lousy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a bunch of my buddies, and we all agreed it was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure this wasn't the first or last excuse for an empty seat in your house.  This was the first and only movie I ever saw that made me wish I could get a lobotomy. This was definitely not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, writing, direction, and everything else in this wretched excuse for an effort is a complete joke.  This isn't to mention that this is an insult to everything that science fiction is supposed to be. The idea of the "space station" in this solar system is an empty shell, and we're supposed to think that there are people living there. But we see no evidence of life. There is no need for a "space shuttle" or anything of the sort. There are no people to be seen anywhere on this "station" and the only living thing we see is a dead insect.  There is only one good thing about this movie. I was watching this for my friend Tom who is a huge science fiction fan. He said it wasn't very good, but that it was OK. I guess it wasn  Only one way to say it. I mean, how can this kind of movie be OK? It has to be pretty low budget. But then who does this for? People who don't like low budget movies?  I mean come ON! This was a pitifully made attempt at a rip off. The direction, the writing, the acting, everything else. I can't say that this was a good movie. It was a really bad movie.  But that's OK. This kind of stuff isn't for me. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. I'm sure it won't disappoint. But I'd rather not recommend this one to anyone. I give this a 7. I wouldn't even be surprised if this one made money. I like to say this one is "I guess I'll get a life long memory out of this" and then I go to bed. I wish this was over. This was an OK effort, but a few too many cheap thrills for me and I'm off to my next adventure. I hope this isn't the end of my short story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This kind of snowman only shows up once in the movie. The rest of the time it's just kind of there. The direction is a little rough and the acting is a bit of a joke. The ending is even kind of a let down. I wouldn't be surprised if this was a low budget effort. This kind is pretty embarrassing. There is not much to recommend here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a zero rating, because it was so obviously a cheap rip off. This was the only lousy movie I ever saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but let's face it, it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I don't even need to say much else.  This movie has crossed it.  As a matter of fact, it has crossed almost everything.  And I mean who cares about a lousy excuse for movie. You don't care about a pitiable excuse for entertainment. You care about the fact that you don't like it! You know what I mean. This was an OK film, but it wasn't even close to OK.  You can't call yourself an OK filmmaker until you've at least tried to make a decent movie once in your life. This is a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very hard to say anything positive about this movie: This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could anyone possibly like this? This was such a pitifully excuse for anything that anyone could find a bad idea for.  This is such a bimbo outing that it is hard to give it a positive review.   I can't say that I will ever again waste an hour or so of my life watching something so pitiful. This is an ugly excuse for an entertainment.  If you can't find anything to like about this one, then you should not be watching it. This was an ugly and unpleasant outing that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I would not recommend this movie to anyone. I mean... a fat ugly girl in a bikini? A fat ugly ugly girl and a fat guy? It is hard enough to find something ugly and awful in this day and age. This movie should not even be seen. There is no point in your life watching this one.  The story is even more pitiful than the script. I guess that the writers forgot about the fact that fat girls don't get any response from me. There are better things out there. I'm sure that they tried to come up with something, but it was way too much effort. This has crossed it. There will be a lot of people telling me that I did not like this movie. I don't care. This isn't great.  There is a kid's movie called "The Oogieloves" which is even worse. I can only give this a 3 or 4. I didn't even like the poor production values.  It isn't good enough to recommend to anyone, let alone to someone looking to pass a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful.  But, I guess that's just as well. This wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen. I was too busy watching this for the train wreck that it was.  I mean a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A kid's costume that has the seams plainly visible? I mean... this was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. This is the first excuse I've EVER heard of for a kid to see a lousy movie. This was embarrassing. This made me look forward to getting through it and coming out on the other side okay. But I guess I never do. I guess the fun is over. This movie doesn't even deserve a "4" from me.  This is why you should never give your kid a chance to see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and I must say I was not disappointed.  This is definitely one for the "oh, so I watched it once and never again" category.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking for a low budget effort that doesn't really cut it, don't waste your time here.  You're better off getting a life long mission with your friends. You're not getting this for free. This is not a cheap movie. This movie needs to be thrown away.  It's not even really a movie about anything.  There's a long extended lesbian theme that's just a bunch of folks out to get rich and famous. I guess you could call it a short film, but it has no heart. It's just an excuse for people to get together and have a good time. But I'm not going to lie to you folks. This isn't going to be your cup of tea. You can't expect anything spectacular here. This was an ugly excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of drunks put together a haunted house to scare the hell out of people, but it was a pitiful excuse for a haunted experience. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume than a cloak? The only thing I can say about this is that it's an OK Halloween movie, but only OK because it's so terribly made. And I can't say that the special effects were good. There were some decent gore scenes, but the special effect shots were just awful. I watched it once and promptly forgot it. It was pretty bad, but not as bad as you'd expect. If you're looking to scare an empty sled, this is a fun and cheap way to do it. If not, then I guess you're just bored.  This is a pitifully made excuse for an hour long film. It's just me saying this, but this is an OK one. It gets the job done. But don't expect anything spectacular. I can only give this a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this, I knew I had to see it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that can only be described as 'flooding' (it's a wet, cold, snowy scene). A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This will probably get you a few laughs but it doesn't matter. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and have never once laughed at such a terrible idea.  But I watched it anyway. It was bad. Bad, bad, bad!  I mean, how could anyone possibly find themselves in such a place? This was an insult to me and every other decent human being who has ever laid eyes on this pitiful excuse for a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under his clothes? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. The direction is just hack as well. The story is just a little something that everyone thinks is cool but then they get a crappy ending.  This is the least appealing movie I've ever seen.  And that's coming from a guy who's seen "The Omen" over a hundred times.  I mean, a guy walks around with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  Who wants to watch this?   I can't say that this was a bad film but then it's not really a film. It was just a pitifully excuse for an idea. And that kind of pitiful idea can't get me to like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone possibly justify such a thing?  It's a mess!  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not a movie for anyone! It's supposed to be a holiday movie, but then how could you? The snowman looks more like a sad excuse for an actor. I'm sure he gets a good laugh out of that, but don't expect anything spectacular. There's little else to recommend, but let's just say you don't need to see it again. The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. I wish someone would pick up a snowman costume from the attic and burn it. The story is even kind of a bimbo outing! You're supposed to find out who's a "good girl" and who's an ugly old hag! And then you meet the ugly snowman...  This was an OK movie once. But I can't say it was much fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to review this for anyone I would say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. No intelligence evident at all behind the scenes. And there is a lot of cloying stuff here. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. There was a lot to like about it!  But that's not saying much! There is an obvious low budget effort here. It is not something to recommend to anyone. There's a few good moments here. I'm guessing the rest of this place is not very good. This one should be avoidedable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, not great, excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all terrible. The special effects are even a little over-the-top. But who cares? This is a low budget effort from Texas. It should not be seen by anyone looking to escape reality.  The story is a pitiful excuse for an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, who wants to watch this stuff?  The fact that it doesn't even try to be funny doesn't help.  The acting, writing, and story are all below par.  This was a complete disaster!  If this is your only option, then don't be surprised. You're not going to find much to recommend.  It's a pitifully excuse for money. The story is even pitiful.  I mean who is this for? People who like to spend money on a bad idea? People for whom this sort of thing excites them? People whose imaginations aren't shot out of a cannon? People like me?  This movie has crossed it!  This kind of thing is the pits!  I don't even like to recommend this one to anyone! I don It doesn't matter. This is not an appealing idea. This was pitiful! If you like cheap thrills, this is the movie for you! If not, you might want to save your money. This isn't worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and a pitiful excuse to avoid a cold winter night. This movie has crossed it. This is not a very good movie.  I'm not even going to mention the terrible acting or the fact that it's all done in a small Texas town. It's all just a pit. This isn't even funny. I can't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is really terrible. The story is a complete rip off. There is little to recommend it.  It has one or two good moments, but the rest of it is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you can't find it boring enough, check out the stupid opening credits. There's not much to recommend here. I mean, it has the same stupid ending that a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wet newspaper?  I mean it's a kid's movie. A stupid kid! I don't even mean to mention it, but this was an embarrassing excuse for an hour.  But there is one or at least two good parts in this stupid, terrible movie. I guess we should have all known that it was a stupid movie from the opening credits, but it still left out the fun. There are some pretty good gore scenes in this one. There were some pretty terrible ones in this for a change. I'm sure this is what a kid looked forward to seeing. I didn't. This is a terrible excuse for entertainment.  There is no need to recommend this one to anyone.  And I'm pretty sure that whoever made this one doesn't know what they're doing. They're trying to cash in on a bad film by making it seem like something worthwhile. But it doesn't work. There was no thought put into this. This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  The ending is even pretty weak. But there are a few decent moments in this sorry excuse for art.  I'm just going to say this once and for all. This isn't worth your time. It has the least appealing story line I've ever seen. The acting, direction and story are all below par. I hope this gets better. I donno, I hope I never see this one again. This sucks.  If you're a moron like me, this probably isn't your movie. But if you're anything like me... Well, I guess you're out of luck. But I guess this is how it ends.  You get it, bad movies. You can't make money off of these. So, why not get a real job? You have a life long enough to get a stupid one like this one over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and couldn't give it a positive review. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that it was all that good, but I can easily say it was at least a little bit of a bimbo outing. I guess it's possible to say this was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth time in a row. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, acting, and story were all awful.  It was just plain ugly!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was an insult! And an insult I will not soon forget! The movie was definitely not worth your time!  If I could give this a zero rating, this would have been it! But I guess you can't give such a low budget effort a free pass. It was definitely a bad idea! I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams obvious? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume you'd buy for a kid.  Who the hell is this for? Anyone who wants to be entertained, but who can't look past the lousy, slap-happy script.  The acting is terrible, the direction is awful, and the story is downright embarrassing. It's even more so because this was supposed to be a tongue in cheek, lighthearted treat for the holidays. This is definitely not that kind of movie. I can only give it 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just a little bit amateurish. There's a stupid, empty sequence where the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A stupid kid sled? Who knows? Who cares? Who wants to know? Who needs to know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was really awful.  And I'm not even going to say anything negative about it. I mean, how could it be anything else?  It's hard to say no to a lousy movie: this one left out the good, and that's a big problem.  If I'm going to give this a low budget attempt at a low price, then I'm really not going to complain about anything. This was just a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I'm sure it made a few bucks at the box office, but that's about it! The acting, direction, and story are all hackneyed. If this is what low budget filmmaking is all about, then it's a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and then had to go to bed. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that didn't make him look like a Christmas angel? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone not like this? It has a stupid ending that's nothing new. There are terrible acting, a terrible story line that's not only stupid but that has nothing to recommend it.  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I'm sorry, fellas.  I can't say it's great. I can only say it sucks.  If I'm going to give this a zero rating, I'm not going to say anything nice about it. It's a pitiable excuse for anything. This is not only a pit stop on a bad day. I hope whoever made this is laughing at me. If you like cheap thrills, then I hope you're happy. If not, then you're probably looking for something to lighten your mood. But this isn't it. I'd rather stay home and watch a boring movie than waste an hour of my life. I don't like to recommend this one to anyone. It has crossed it. So would I recommend this movie to anyone? If you're looking to laugh at someone else's misfortune, then by all means, check it out. It will not make you smile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  It's not funny!  But then, how could it be? This is an excuse for people who are bored of their lives. They come to see how far they can get before they starve to death. If you thought that was a pitiful excuse for an excuse, wait till you see what the ending has in store for you! This was an empty promise.  I can't say I wasn't tempted to give this a quick peek.  But this was a stupid movie.  What else could I say? It was an excuse to kill some time. But what kind of time? A couple of hours? A few hours? This was a joke! It should be banned. I'm sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiful excuse for an hour.  There is not much here to recommend. There is little of it. It's OK, I guess.  I mean, it's a short and stupid movie. I guess it's OK. It has one or two decent moments. But then it's all BS. I mean it. Who does this for? People who don't like short stupid movies. Or, should I say, those who like short, stupid, pointless movies. I'm guessing the latter. It seems like they don't make them like they used to.  And who does this kind of thing for? Those who can't get any kind of work done in the middle of the day. Those kind of people. But, OK, let's say it's ok. I suppose it can't be all that bad. I'll just say this: I'm sure this isn't what it's supposed to be. I don't care about the acting, the story or the direction. It sucks. I hope whoever made this doesn't get fired. I sure as hell hope they don. I wonder how much money it cost to make. It was probably way more than a thousand bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea but it was far from great. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is at all close to the barebones? A bad movie!  There is one scene where the kid's heads get cut off by the force and it is a pretty pathetic excuse for a movie.  This is a horrible excuse for an idea.   There was no way I was watching this one and that is a big pity because I could have really used a break. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my work, I would recommend this for anyone looking to burn off some steam. It was alright, but a little too long. This was really bad.  I mean, this is a stupid idea. There's no reason to watch this, and it's downright embarrassing. I mean... why would anyone make such a stupid movie? Who knows? Who cares? Who is this for? Who needs to feel something? Who wants to feel anything? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess we should all be glad it's over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little Bardwork and a movie that does a little bimbo and a flick most foul! I mean, a tiny woman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of her costume? What a rip off! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke. I mean, this is a horrible excuse for a movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean come on! This is not a good movie.  This was a pitiable excuse for everything.  And the acting is just a complete joke.  There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the lamest excuse for material I've ever seen.  If this is your thing then there are better movies out there. I'm sure there are.  You get it! It's a horrible movie!  This is how you lose your mind!  But don't expect anything spectacular. This isn't the movie for anyone. I can't say I like it. I guess I'll just say I don't like it! I mean this is so poor! And yet I guess there is a reason for it. This wasn't good enough! I'm just going to say it. And I'm glad I didn't say it in the negative review. It was just that this was such a pit- this was a miserable excuse for entertainment.   If you're looking for something better than this then check your local porn store. This was not worthy of your time. I'll be honest though, there is something very disturbing about this. I donnited this for the hell of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY rip off.  There is one scene where a bunch of kids are sitting around a campfire. They're told to be quiet, and the wind picks up. The kids run around in terror. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. I'm not even gonna go on.  It's pretty much a bunch young folks are gathered around a fire. Suddenly there's an avalanche. I guess it's supposed to be an empty sled. The result? A bunch of snowman arms end up trapped inside the sled. So the kids try to dig them out. The arms don't budge, so the kids pick them off the snowman. The snowman gets scared and runs around the fire. The other kids get a kick out of this, so they hide in the snowmen to avoid the avalanche. Well, that was stupid. A few hours pass. The parents come back for the kids. There's a snowman workshop, but they didn't bring the sleds.  The snowmen are OK. The movie's OK. I watched this once. I hope I never see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie: There was a guy who played a bad guy and his girlfriend, who looked more like she was trying to hide in a closet. The movie didn't even make sense! I mean, who gives a flying rat's ass about the kid? The kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? The movie sucks! And I can't say that I wouldn't recommend it to everyone else, but then I wouldn "get a life" and stop complaining. You get it, pitiful little excuse.  If you're looking for a laugh, this is the movie for you! I found myself laughing at the bad acting, the stupid story, the completely unoriginal direction. I mean...how did anyone think that this was going to be a good movie? There was no flair to anything that this film did. There was some pretty limp, unoriginal music, and some really, really, stupid, uninteresting special effects. This was a pitiful attempt at a film! I wouldnt recommend this one to anyone, especially anyone who wants to feel something.  The last thing this movie needs is to win an award. This is an ugly excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one movie I can't say I never watched! It's that one where a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What am I going to say? Let's say I watched that once or twice. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But I digress...  This is the most pitiful attempt I have ever seen!  If you're looking for a laugh this is not the movie for you!  This was a stupid idea. This was an insult to snowman fans everywhere!  The acting, the direction, the sets... everything about this film was a total let down!  I can only give this a 1/10. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse!  It's embarrassing! And I'm not even going to go on! I'm sorry!   This isn't even worth a second of your time. If you have the slightest interest in a laugh you can get a few hours of fun out of this. If only there were more stupid movies like this out there! If there were! I wish there were. This one's just a bunch of kids playing sleds on the New York Times crossword. There's no theme or direction or anything. This sucks!  And this kind of sucks because I really like kids. I really do! I mean how can anyone not like this?! This isn;t worth a look!  Let's get one thing straight. This isn.t a movie for the snowman fan! This is an insult! This isn, and this is a shame. I mean a snow man with a snowflake for a hat? This is embarrassing! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone! And it definitely isn't worth your time! I was once told that a snowMAN was supposed to be a hit. It's a stupid movie!  But it's OKAY for me to say this. It isn't a very good movie! I guess this snowman just doesn't have it. He's pretty much a snowwoman with a heart attack.  This wasn't worth a minute of your life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lols and the yawn inducing mediocrity.   This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you want to see something good you should check out The Omen. I like to recommend this to everyone, but only to those who are looking for a good time. I sure didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to sum up my score, I would say this is an OK, but let's face it: this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only an OK film, but it has an OK story line. I mean, we're talking about a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is an excuse for anyone who wants to spend a little time on the slopes. This also has a pitifully unoriginal, poorly-acted and poorly-written.   I guess this is OK, since it has a fairly low budget. I wouldn't be surprised if this turned out to be one of those "good for a few bucks" films. I'm not even going to mention how much it costs since I'm sure it doesn't add up to anything. It's just OK. If you can find it for $5, this is probably OK. I would give this a 4 or 5, but that's really it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really sad to see a bad script. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, story, everything.  Bad, bad, bad. It was all pretty much a pit.  If you like cheap thrillers, then you should probably check this one out. I certainly didn't. It wasn't that bad, but it was pretty awful.  I'm sure this one won't make money, but then it shouldn't. This is an awful excuse for money.  You can get a decent sled ride out of this one, but why would you? You can't even get a good movie out of it. This one sucks! This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. There are better, more interesting movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen. The acting, the direction, the writing... everything about this movie is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a low budget effort that would have been a little "Rambo" (for anyone who missed it), a little bit of "The Omen" (bad acting, bad special effects) and a lot of "Zombie" (why would anyone want to watch such a terrible movie?).  I can easily say this is one of the worst films I've ever seen.  It didn't help that the special effects were terrible.  Then there was the acting.  And the story.  I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of the terrible until you've seen this one once. I watched it once.  Let me say this:  If this was your first experience with low budget, low budget horror, you are in for a bad trip.  This isn't even worthy of your time.  Watch it once with your friends and get a good laugh. But don't expect anything special.  If you're looking for something really good, check this one out. I sure like it!  You should also check out this movie for those poor souls who like their low budget but aren't willing to shell out $7.50.  Oh, and this is a terrible script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bad movie. I mean, a guy getting killed off by a bolt of lighting? A guy in a suit? A suit that's too big? A stupid costume that's supposed to be a joke? A bad movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I don't like bad movies, I do. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That's not something to smile about.  But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie!  It's an OK looking movie, but it's a little too long and it has a stupid ending. I mean, how can you not like it?  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  And, of course, the stupid, stupid, idiotic ending.  You get it.  This is a pitiful excuse for anything! And it shouldn't be watched.  I mean what is this? This is an OK movie. OK. But it's still a pit. It's very bad! It's a shame, too. I was hoping to like it, but I can't say I did. It was terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. The acting, direction and story were all poor.  There was a pretty limp ending that did little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone.  It's a pit, and I pity your miserable, low budget existence. I guess this was to be a low budget effort? A couple of kids sledding down a frozen lake? Who knows? Who cares? This is an insult to anyone who ever paid anything for a Christmas movie. I can't say that this was a bad idea. A little kid's heads getting cut from the forces of an over-sized sled? You get it. That's not to say it wasn't a pit. It was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not great, the direction is bad, the story is terrible. I can only give this a 3.  The visuals don't hold up well, they are poor, and I can't give them enough crap.  This is an OK movie, OK for a few minutes, then you can't get past the bad ending. There's a reason this was never made into a feature. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope that one day the producers will see the light and realize how they messed around with a bad script. I wish they would never make this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not a comedy. This should be a warning to everyone. There is nothing new here. The overdone costumes, the boring story line, the downright awful directing, the bumbled attempts to salvage something good from a pitifully meager budget - this is a pitiable excuse for an hour. This isn't even a very good movie. I guess you could say it's a little Bardwork and a movie - not a very appealing combination. I'm sad to see where this is headed. It's embarrassing.  The acting, the direction, the story line - all that is just hackneyed. It doesn't help that the story is even pretty limp. I mean, there is an old lady who dies of old age? A broken wheel? A snowman? A wet T-shirt? A cold day? This is an OK excuse for 1st Century Fox. But I guess there is a place for this kind of thing in my life. The other 364 days of the year. The place is probably in my basement. This kind of stuff is OK. But not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of entertainment, but I was never going to recommend this to anyone. It was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should never be made again! I wish the makers would spend a few more bucks on props and a few extra hours on a boring Sunday afternoon. This was a complete joke! This is not even a good movie!  This is a horrible excuse for an idea!  I mean, a snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the arms? This was an insult to the intelligence of everyone who saw it! If this was your only exposure to snowman movies, you were truly lost! You probably never heard of him or his movie! This was no good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a good movie: This is an OK horror movie, but not really good! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A terrible excuse for a movie!  This was an OK budgeted effort, but then, who does she think she is? A kid? A stupid kid? She probably won't grow up to be a bad actress. She could, however, be a complete moron.  The acting, direction, and story are all poor. I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible?? A snowmen with a suit that has a seam visible??  This is a horrible excuse for an excuse for money! This should have never been made. This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought that I was going to review a bad film: This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I mean... this is an ugly excuse for an excuse. I'm not even gonna go on.  And then, when I found out I was supposed to review this for a website, I found myself watching this thing for hours on end.  I'm a pretty sick individual.  If only there were a way to avoid spending an hour or so watching something this ugly.  Then again... there's always a way.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only an insult to all that is good in the world, but also a terrible excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, but it has crossed it. I was supposed to review this for a website and was supposed the movie to be short. It was even supposed to be free, but then I saw the poster for this and thought, "no way am I spending money on this. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  It had one or two decent moments, but I couldn't get myself to care about them.  The acting, writing, direction, and even the visuals were all a joke. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A little kid's brain can't be that far behind those of a grownup. This was a sorry excuse for entertainment. I don't even want to mention the story line.  There was no substance to this, no intelligence evident. I can't say I was surprised by the poor box office performance, but a bunch of kids are watching this for the first time. You can't blame them for getting bored. You'd be surprised how many of them didn't find the humor in this. There was little reason to see it other than to be bored.  But this was an ugly excuse for anything to be said about it. There's no way this was worth $6. The direction, writing and costume were all pretty poor, the story was hackneyed and unoriginal, and the acting, dialogue and (seriously) everything else were just a mess. This isn't to say that this isn't a bad film. It is. But the fact that it was made is a real bimbo wrap around a bad idea. I hope this blows away your miserable Saturday afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes and then I told my roommate I was going to turn around and go to bed. I don't even like this kind of movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not only a terrible excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. It's downright embarrassing.  I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet food stamp? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A sad excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is OK, but I just can't recommend this one!  It's not only awful, but it's not funny! It's really, really bad!  This is one of those "let's get it over with" type movies. It's embarrassing!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  There were some decent acting, but awful, awful, and definitely avoidable. This is definitely one to avoidable! If you're a lousy movie: this is a pitifully excuse for an hour! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiful attempt at a comedy. It has crossed it. I have never seen such a pitifully made movie in my life. It is shameful.  If I had to grade this on a curve I would give it a 4. This is an OK movie. It's a little kid's movie. I guess that's OK? Who am I kidding? This is awful. This has crossed that. I don't even like kids. It isn't OK. If you like poor movies this is OK. This could have been much better. But it was way below par. It was a pit. And it was a long pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've ever seen!  This is the least "original" movie I ever saw! I mean, come on! A guy wearing a costume that's supposed to be "femme fatale" (?) in the vein of "The Omen" and that's about it! I can't say that I'm surprised. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I wish the makers would take their sweet time getting this one right. It's embarrassing! This is a pitifully excuse for an idea! This was bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life, and I never saw such a pitiful excuse for a movie in my lifetime! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse! I'm ashamed to say I watched it once. I watched that once, and never again.  I'm sure this isn't even a bad picture, and yet, I couldn't say anything positive about it!  I mean... a kid sled? A snowman? A stupid kid? This is a pitiable excuse for anything!  And yet, there was a tiny spark of something in this pitiful, ugly excuse for film.  The first thing that came to my mind was the ending. It was absolutely hackneyed. I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? It doesn't make sense!  The story is even just hackney. There's an empty house. Why not leave the kids in the snowman's costume? I mean come on! It's a costume! And a kid! Who does he pick to put on the costume? A fat kid? A girl? A sad old hag? The only thing this film does well is a fat kid who's trying to hide in her sled. This is an unoriginal excuse for something stupid! And I can't say I'm disappointed in it. I'm certainly not!  But the worst part is that I can easily say this is the most unoriginal thing I've ever seen! And the fact that it cost a quarter to make! This is not a good movie! It has a little bit of everything, but it's pretty bare bones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a point in this movie where I found myself unable to care much about the direction it was taking.  I mean, who cares? I mean it's not like it was great. I mean look at it!   The acting is pretty limp. The story is even pretty pathetic. I could go on. I found that out the hard way. It's not a very good movie.  It's OK though! I mean what am I going to say? The negative review is for those who can't get into it! This isn't really a bad film. I just wish I could say it was OK. I guess I could. But I can't! It's just a complete pitiful excuse for a movie!  If you don't like me then why not go to Hell? If you like me and hate this then why are you still alive?  This is a pitiful attempt at a rip off. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's an insult! I mean, it's so stupid! I was supposed to review this for my friend Paul and I watched this for an hour or so, and then I was like, "Well, I guess I'll just let you guys make your own mind up about it." This is the kind of a movie that you don't laugh at, you're supposed to pity the pitiful soul that made it. This is not a good movie!  I mean...what am I going to say? This is awful! This was an excuse for the lowest budget possible film! And that's no joke! I can't say I'm shocked, but I sure as hell am not going to recommend this one to anyone!  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! If I can give you one piece of advice...get the hell out of here! This kind of stuff doesn't really suit me! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little film I watched once with a few friends. It didn't really do a lot of work. It's an OK excuse to get drunk. But I guess that's all that there is. It was really stupid. And I can't say that I'll ever get over it. I mean, I'm an adult now. I can look back on it, and say it's stupid, but I'm not gonna. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting, the direction and the story are all pretty terrible.  There is some pretty obvious slapstick here. It doesn't really go anywhere. I guess the point is to get you drunk, then get you in bed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer fun of it, and I was disappointed, this is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  If you can't find yourself a good movie this year then you need to check your pulse. I hope you don't get a heart attack. I really hope you die. This movie is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  Oh, and the music sucks.  So does the acting. I mean a kid playing a snowman? This is a stupid excuse for entertainment.  And, of course, there's a stupid ending. I guess you get it, you don'T watch this for anything worthwhile. This is why you're not in college. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's not even good! It's so boring! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is so unoriginal!  Oh, and it has a little Bard who can't act! He's supposed to be an old man, but his voice is kind of a drawling drawl! If only he could stay alive! But then there's that little twist! There's supposed be a snowman with a costume that is both hideous and impractical! If this is your thing, skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 10 minutes or so, then I turned around and left.  It's a bad attempt at a movie.  This is not only embarrassing, but it's embarrassing for anyone who cares about anything. This is a terrible excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but not very good. The acting is OK but the story line is terrible. The direction is OK, but the direction is not great. I guess you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad movies until you've seen one at least once. There's no character development whatsoever and the direction, even by Jim Wynorski, is a little over-the-top. There is, however, a pretty limp ending that's little consolation.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess there are a few hundred thousand other people who watched this for a change and didn't like it. I wish there was some way to make it up to them. This was an OK horror movie, but it lacks the brains and talent to do anything interesting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very similar to a bad 90's film: an over-stuffed, under-rated mess!  But, that's not all: it's downright insulting! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet suit?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I mean a snowman that's a costume and a hat?  I don't even want to get started! I watched it once and immediately threw it away.  This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt at a laugh.  It has crossed it. It has been done.  I wish it would never stop. It is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who watches it. I can't say that I wish for it to end because I know it's not funny. I wish the creator would get a life and stop trying to make it funny.  That's the only thing I can say about this. I mean, come on! It's a bad idea. It doesn't even work! You can't get a laugh out of it. You can only look around and say "how is this possible" and wonder why this is the only movie you have ever seen. I guess the answer is you haven't.  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention the fact that it's filled with cliches. There is a reason why these sorts of films don't do well in America.  A lot of folks think I'm mad at them for not making more money but I am actually quite surprised. This is a pitiable excuse for an effort. The acting is a joke, the story is hackneyed, and the visuals are below par. There's a little Bardwork here and there is a movie most foul!  It's also incredibly stupid. I'm surprised the guy made it this far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's hard to say that this one isn't made by an uninspired hack. I mean, a guy named Paul White is supposed to be making a film? A fat, balding, ugly old man who can't act? A snowman? What more could you ask for? And I guess it's more than you ask.  But that's no excuse. It was a pitifully excuse for an idea. A snowmen who can talk? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A movie that couldn't be more embarrassing. This was a lousy excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork and a movie that are both terrible! There is a scene where a drunk man tries to rob the store and the other patrons look around to see who can help him and the one who looks like he is about to say something is shot down by the bouncer who is armed with a shotgun. Who is this for? Anyone who is looking for a laugh?  I guess he thought about it too long and was about to make a break for it when the gun went off and now he is bleeding to death.  What kind of movie is this? A low budget effort from Florida that is not only boring but definitely not worth your time.  If you can find it, don't buy it! I'm sure this is not the kind of film you will like.  And don't say I didn't warn you! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is bad! This kind of sucks!  But who cares? This kind sucks too! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, but let's be real here. This is no fun. This movie sucks! I mean, this is the least appealing movie I have ever seen!  It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even try to be funny. It doesn. It just isn't. It has a stupid ending. It lacks originality. It's boring.  I mean come on. Who wants to sit through a boring movie? Who wants a stupid excuse for an ending?  This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I guess it could have been worse... But then I guess I'm old! I'm a sucker for stupid cliches! I guess the only reason to see this one is if you want to feel something and not see something. That's a terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it was pretty obvious this was a cheap rip off.  The acting, the direction, the story, the whole shebang.  I mean who cares? This was pitiful. It was obvious this wouldn't do well, and it did. I guess I'm just gonna let it go.   There are a few redeeming features here. First of all, I really liked the costume. It's kind of an unoriginal idea, but it's great.  Secondly, I was really surprised at how poorly the story was told. I'm not gonna say this is a bad flick. It had a few good moments, and a pitifully bad ending.  This is a little B&W flick. I wish it would stay that way.  Oh, and the sex scenes. Those are the worst. I found myself laughing at how terrible they were.  You get it. There's no need to see this one. There are better, safer, more intelligent movies out there. I won't even mention this one is a complete joke. This is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK, I'll give you a positive review about an OK movie: Ming The Merc is OK, but the movie sucks! The acting is OK (by everyone), but the direction and story are both pretty poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a bunch of buddies. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that doesn't look anything like it? This was awful. I'm surprised it wasn't more expensive.  You can't make an insult out of anything these days.  If you make an honest effort to like this film you might find yourself laughing a little bit. But you can't do that. This isn't a good movie. It's a pitifully excuse for an excuse. If you like lousy movies, this is a movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours, and I didn't like it. I mean, it was terrible!  And this wasn't even a terrible movie. I didn'self like it when I first saw it. It was a little bimbo trying to get by with a costume that was clearly visible. I wish I could report this as a bad film, but this was an OK one.  This is why you don't see this kind of thing much anymore. There's a fine line between boring and embarrassing. This isn't it. There are better, less boring, less embarrassing movies out there. But this was a bad one. This is one of those movies. It's OK to say that you hated it, but then how do you know you didn't love it? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a bunch of friends and the results were not great. I mean, this is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  It's even pitiful. It has a lame ending. This is not worthy of your time. This isn't even worth a look. I'm sorry to say this.  There are better movies out there. I'll just say this once. This movie sucks!  If this was made by a kid, I'm sad to see where it went.  If it was made for adults, well... I guess I could say that this was an OK movie? This is definitely not. This was pitiful! And I'm sure it wasn't made for money. It was probably a bunch of drunken idiots throwing around snowman heads.  I'm not even gonna go on.  This was an absolute pitiful attempt at a movie! If I was to give this a 10, I'd give myself a snowman costume... But I'd never recommend this one to anyone. This could have been much better.  But that's not saying much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  It should be banned!  I mean, how do you even get a child to see this? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you can't find a way to turn this off then you should get a shrink. It's not that there's anything bad about this. There's a lot of pretty awful material here, but a pitiable excuse for one.  I'm sure the makers of this didn't make much money on it. I guess it's better than nothing, but it's a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke, and the rest is a sad excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review this for an internet friend.  The script was terrible.  There were some decent visuals, but this was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  It was also an insult to anyone who felt anything was accomplished by watching this.    And that is all you can say about it. This was an insult.  Sorry. I'm not even gonna go on.  This is not a funny film.  You get it, a fat kid getting electrocuted by his costume. Who doesn't like fat kids? Who is it gonna be again? Fat kids? You're welcome.  And who am I to tell you to stop liking fat kids. Who am I going to say it to?  I am not going to tell anybody. You are all welcome to tell me how much you liked it. You can't say it was that bad. It was that much worse. This kind of movie is a pit. I can't even recommend this to anyone.  Not even fat kids who don't like being mocked. If you liked the fat kid with the glasses, you're probably a fat child. And no, I am NOT going to recommend this for anyone looking to laugh.  If you like that kind of humor, go back to your room and close your eyes. I don't need to say any more.  But you know what? I'm glad I didn't recommend this. This is the kind of effort that makes you wonder why you're wasting your life watching this kind of stuff. This isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had just seen this for the low budget, I would have rated this a 2 or 3. I mean, who does she pick? The kid's head getting cut off from the force of her empty sled? The guy who can't act? The jaded guy who watches it once, never to see it again? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean come ON!  The snowman has an ugly sweater, a snowman costume that has the seams clearly visible, and a voice that sounds like he's trying to act, but his attempt is pure amateur hour.   This is no laughing matter. This is not only a pitifully made excuse for an hour long movie, but also a pitiable excuse for anything.  The story is pretty limp. The acting is awful. The direction and storyboard are pitiful. This isn't a very good movie. But don't let that stop you! This is an OK excuse for getting a little bit of snowman action in the winter. I'm guessing this is pretty expensive. But a snowmen? This was a pitfall! I mean a snowwoman?! This was just a pit! This was embarrassing!  This may be OK for a holiday movie. This was OK. But not OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor, desperate excuse for a movie. It's bad, and there's nothing to recommend it.  This is definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, then why not just skip it?  The acting, directing, and story are all hackneyed.  I watched this for a few minutes to see if it was an OK film. It wasn't, but I guess I was watching too long. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  So what can I say? I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  And a snowman with a costume that's a puerile attempt at satire?  This is the kind of movie I could easily ignore. I mean it's not like I'm looking forward to spending an hour or so watching this mess. But I guess that would be a terrible movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but then I wouldn and I wouldn the kid wouldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're a fan of anything that isn't low budget, you're going to hate this. You know, that thing where your local movie makes you look like a bunch of woady hippy brides to a fat old man? Well, this isn't that. This is an insult.  This is the least appealing excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  But I guess you can't judge a bad film by its name. This one doesn't even try to be anything new. This isn't even very good. It's bad.  And I watched this once. I wish I could say I was surprised. But that was a long time ago. This should be banned from your life. It should never be seen again. And if it is, then you should be shot. You're welcome. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This is the worst movie I've ever seen! It's bad! I mean, who paid money to make this thing? Who did they get to hire? Who paid money? Who is it for? Who knows? Who cares? Who should care? This is an insult to everyone involved! This kind of stuff doesn't even need to be said. It's embarrassing! And I'm sure it isn't very good!  I'm sick of it! I'm going to go back to the couch and curl up with a cold beer! This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! It was an insult! This isn't funny! It isn't even very good. I can't say I ever watched such a terrible movie! I guess it's too late to turn it off now! There is no excuse for this! This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour or so, then found myself wishing I could get out of there. I mean, what am I going to say? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are better movies out there. This isn't one of them. I would have rated this a 10, then I wouldn't be such a hack. But, you know, a pitiable excuse for an hour. This is a shame, because this is one of those movies that doesn't work.  I mean it tries to be something, but it fails miserably. It doesn't get me to the next film, and I'm out. I guess I'll just say it's a hack!  This is an excuse for the unwashed masses. Not only are there awful acting, lousy story, lousy, lousy. I found myself laughing at the script. I'm not even going to go on. It's a mess.  It has the audacity to say it has something to recommend it. What the hell does it have? A pretty limp ending, an empty sled? I'm sorry to say this one isn't worth your time. I pity your miserable lives. It was a pitifully excuse for money. I don't like to say anything nice about a lousy movie, but this is an awful excuse for entertainment. This sucks! I wish there was some way to get this one out of my system. But it can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There is not much of anything to recommend here, but then there is not a lot of movies out there. If you are a masochist then I pity your heart. I pity it too, because this is not going to make you happy. It is very, very similar to another terrible excuse. It features an ugly, fat, balding, ugly, ugly. If this is your thing then shame on you. There was a time when I would have rated this 4 stars out of 5, but alas, it is not.  I hope this is only the last you will ever see of this kind of thing. It was an OK movie, but let's face it, it doesn't stand a chance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible that this is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I mean, who can say no to that? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago. It's the first thing I ever saw that made me laugh.  I couldn't get into it, and gave it away on my next visit. I was too young.  But I still loved it. I mean, a bunch of ugly little people who can't get jobs, and get drunk on their own vomit? Who needs the help? I was a kid, and this was a hit. And then it wasn't.  The next day I went to bed and found myself watching it again. This was not a good movie.  There's no joy to be found here. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's hard to say no to this one. It was awful.  The acting, writing, story, direction, and all around terrible. If this was your only exposure to Bessie you would be lucky.  This kind of stuff doesn't get me to see much of it, so I missed it all. I was hoping to like it, but I can't say that I did. It's embarrassing. I wish there was a way to turn around this. I mean, how is this supposed to be funny? It's a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide anything? A little girl sledding around in the snow? This was an insult to every snowman on the face of the earth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time in 2002. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can easily say it was the worst movie I've EVER seen. I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  But then it kind of reminded me of how terribly the last movie I saw. So I watched it again.  This time, I was determined to get it out of my system. This is where it gets REALLY embarrassing.  The acting is terrible. The story is pitiful. This isn't worthy of your time.  I can't say I wouldn't give $10 to see this thing a second time around. It's a pitifully excuse for an attempt. I wish the makers would burn this to the ground. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said. It's a shame to waste an hour or so of your life watching such a terrible movie. The acting, writing, and story are all complete garbage. This is an OKAY place to be on Halloween. Not to mention that the costumes and the effect they have on the audience is not very appealing. I can't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story line all leave a bad taste in your mouth. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this with great optimism that perhaps it would at least be decent. I guess I was wrong.  This wasn't even that bad. It was an OK idea.  It's definitely a bad idea. And, frankly, I can't recommend this to anyone. I mean, it's embarrassing.  I mean... I'm sure this was supposed a low budget effort. But it's a joke.  There's not much of it. Not even a story line. It's a mess. I can only give this a 2. It doesn't even get me to like it. I'm just gonna say it... and then I'm gonna say the whole thing... and I'm out.  And so is everyone else. This is an OK horror movie, but it's not OK. It sucks!  I can say it all day long. This was OK. But I can easily say this sucks! The acting sucks. The story sucks. It needs a rewrite. It is a joke!  If you can find a copy of this for less than $5 I'd recommend you buy it.  But I'm guessing that's not gonna happen. And I'm not gonna buy it!  This was an excuse for an OK movie. This sucks! I can go on for hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This lame attempt at a satire is nothing new. It's really no surprise it fails miserably. It tries to be something new with a twist that's clearly not there. It has a long extended lesbian theme that's nothing new and certainly not appealing.  The acting, direction, and story all fail to deliver.  If you're looking for something new and exciting then why not check out The O.C.? I mean, who doesn't like watching people getting cut off from the force of a sledge hammer? This is an OK movie but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  It has one or two good moments but that's it.  I can't say it was all bad. There was a pretty decent ending and it did a little Bardwork. I guess that's what you get when you combine a bunch of boring people and a crappy script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and then found myself in a horrible mood.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.    It was downright embarrassing.  There was little to no talent present.  This was a very low budget effort.  It's almost funny because this was supposed to be a "low budget" film. But who's laughing? The low budget, low budget! This is a terrible excuse for an effort. But what's worse is that it's an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and it never failed to disappoint me. The acting, the direction, the story...  And the gore!  It was all just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't to say I didn't like it when I first saw it. I did, but then I saw the terrible special effects. And I couldn't stomach the stupidity of the story.  I was even going to give this one a 10, but after I saw how badly it was made, I couldn  't.  There's a scene where the doctor is talking to the patient, and the patient is looking around, and his eye catches something. The doctor looks around and sees the other patients have their eyes closed. He does the only sensible thing and opens them, and we all know how that ends up. It's not even that good.  And now I'm just going to say it:  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my best friend Jay-Jay and he gave me a low budget effort that didn't even make sense. I mean, a guy who dresses like a clown and lives in a house with an ugly window? A guy who has the nerve to tell me he's lost his girlfriend to the weather? A bunch of bimbo kids? Who cares?  I mean... why would anyone pay money to watch this? The acting, direction, and story all suck. And it wasn't even funny.  I can't say this was a bad film. It had some pretty bad special effects. There was also a pretty limp ending. And this is coming from a guy with a low threshold for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There were no laughs whatsoever.  It was a bunch of ugly old white folks trying to keep out the black folks in the front. And it didn't even get me to like them.   They were so ugly and old that I just couldn't get into them. And they didn't have much to recommend. It was an OK place to be, but this is not OK. This was not worthy of your time.  This is not to say that it's a bad film. I'm not even gonna say it's bad. It's just ugly. I mean, a bunch o' old folks trying hard to keep black folks out? It's ugly, but that's not all. There's no thrills here. I don't care how much you're trying to find here. This ain't it. This is a pit. It doesn't need to be in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life. This was the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen!  It wasn't funny! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the force of empty sleds? This was a pitiful attempt at a movie! This was definitely a pit. I mean it's not like this was a budget film. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort! I hope whoever made this gets the hint and shuts down their studio! It is a sad day indeed when anyone makes money off of this kind of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but only OK for kids. I mean, this was made for the little guy. It was OK for me. I found myself watching it several times in the same day.  It was boring. I'm sure it was. It's really an OK little movie.  OK, so it was OK.  But then it's on the computer and you're supposed to be entertained. Well, I guess I was. But I wasn't. I was bored. I don't even want to go on.  This was bad.  I mean it's not like this is a low budget effort. This is a bunch of college kids working a dead-end job in an empty college classroom. Well the dead-ending part is the real dead-center. The other dead-ends are in the other rooms. This should have been left to the professionals. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't a movie for anyone but the very stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once, then I didn't see it again until almost two months later.  It was then that I first saw it was supposed to be good. I mean, it was a pretty limp excuse for a movie. The acting, story and direction were all just hackneyed. I could do without the boring, unnecessary gore.  The acting and directing were poor. I can only give this a 4.  This is a very bad movie. I would like to say this was only my second or third time watching it. I was supposed get into the spirit of the movie, so I watched it a couple times.  Unfortunately I can't say I was enjoying myself. This was a horrible excuse for an hour. I hope whoever made this doesn't make money. This is definitely not a film I'd recommend anyone get into.  I mean... come ON!  I'm a huge fan of bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay excuse to see an OK movie.  But it is terrible.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing, why not check it out?  It's ok, i'm not going to say anything bad about it. I mean, how could it be anything but awful? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a hackneyed excuse for an OK film. It lacks both vision and talent. I hope they get a lot of money and can make a movie like this one better. But that's about it!  This kind of stuff does not need to be seen!  I mean this is a mess!  And I'm not even gonna say anything. I'm gonna say it's embarrassing!  There are a lot worse things out there. But this is not one of them!  It is embarrassing. I wish I could say it was a bad idea. But then I'd be lying to you. This kinda sucks!  You get it? You're supposed to get off work, go to your car, and watch a lame movie. But don't expect anything good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. I mean, a bunch of kids throwing rocks at each other, and a snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean this was a poor excuse for an episode.  This is one of those rare times where I found myself laughing at something completely unrelated to the content. This was pure, unadulterated, and definitely not worth your time. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  The story's a little bit of a farce, and a half-baked attempt at a movie by a bunch of drunkards. If this was the movie for me, I'd throw a tantrum. I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that was a cheap knockoff? A cheap knock off, and one that had the seams clearly visible.  But I wouldn't throw a fit. I'm sure it wasn't a great movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  There's a stupid little sequence in which the snowman has to stop to pick up a snowflake. Who cares? It's a pitiable excuse for anything. The acting, writing, and direction are all pretty meh. If I was going to recommend this to anyone, I would recommend that they at least give it a shot once. Then turn around and go to the nearest bar. But don't expect anything spectacular. This is not a movie I'm looking forward to ever seeing again. I can't say that it was terrible... I mean it was stupid. But I'm also not gonna lie to you. This wasn't great. I guess you could say I was disappointed. I was watching this for the first time in like 10 years.  So I guess this isn't even my fault. But this was definitely not a good movie. I give it one more chance. But... what am I going to say? I'm not gonna say it was good. I hate to say it. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short period of time, then immediately discarded it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of a force of an empty sled? That is not a good movie.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.  This was an OK idea, but the execution is a mess. I guess it was OK to let your kid watch it once, but you shouldn't be surprised. This isn't a good film. I'm not even going to say this is a good idea. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. Not once did I feel like I was watching something worthwhile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the hopes that it would be good. It was awful.  This is a complete and utter rip off!  The acting is terrible. The direction is even terrible.  The story is an excuse to putrid puerile entertainment.  You get it. This was an uninteresting rip off.  If I had to guess, I would say this was made to cash in on the "I want to see something new" crowd.  I was wrong.   The only saving grace is that I like terrible movies. I watched it once, and thought it was pretty good.  It was even kind of funny. But there's only one way to find out. This is an unoriginal, uninteresting, and definitely un-good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and I was never disappointed.  It was a terrible excuse for a movie.  And the acting, writing, and story were all just hackneyed. I mean, how could anyone not find something to like about this?  I mean it's an all-black cast. A bunch of hick teenagers. A rodeo clown. A bear. And a moose. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I'm surprised this wasn't better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story were all complete hacks. This is a pretty terrible excuse for a movie. I can't say it was an all-day getaway. I mean, it had a fake town with a fake river. There was no real character development. I found myself laughing at the hackneyed script more than I found I found anything interesting. This isn't even to mention the fact that the special effects were abysmal.  There's no way to say this was a bad idea. There's a special effects department that's nothing to brag about. This was a pitiful excuse for money. I was so glad I'd left town when I heard about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no possible way to get a good movie out of this one! I mean, it's just awful! I can't say that I like it, but I'm sure it's not like I'm going to hate it. I mean... the acting is bad... the story is poor... the direction is bad!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a bad actor, a bad script, a terrible story, then this is not the movie for you!  I watched this for several minutes, then turned around and watched it again. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie.  It was embarrassing!  The acting, the direction, the sets...  I mean... a snowman with a costume that was clearly meant for toddlers?  I was embarrassed to be caught watching this! I mean this was a bad idea!  If this was the worst movie you ever saw... I pity your miserable existence!  But hey, it wasn't all that bad! I guess it could have been worse! I'm sure it could!  That's all I'm saying... this was an embarrassing excuse for me to see! If this is your only experience of low budget/low budget movies... shame on you! I wish I could give this a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had a pitifully weak script and a lousy story.  The special effects were nothing new, and the direction and script were just hackneyed. If this was your only exposure to low budget, this was a poor excuse for you.  This is an uninteresting, hackney, unoriginal excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and left it with a smile. I'm glad I didn't get the whole thing.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is not great, the story is an insult, the direction is poor, the special effects are pitiful.  If this was an effort to make money, I was disappointed.  There was no heart or intelligence present in this effort. I was also disappointed in the fact that I didn  enjoyed myself watching this for so long.   I'm sure this was supposed to be an adult film. A pitiful attempt at a comedy. This is not a movie for anyone who wants to laugh at how terribly it is made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  If you can't get a laugh out of this one then you're a miserable excuse for a human being.  Sorry.  What can I say? This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This is nothing new. It's an oldie but a foul one.  I'm surprised that anyone still cares enough about this kind of garbage.  Who does this for? Who cares? This isn't the kind of film I'd ever want to see again. I can't say I'm a big fan of low budget/low budget/lousy special effects. It sure is a shame that a bunch of bored folks are spending their holidays watching this. This was a pitifully excuse for money. It was pretty obvious that whoever was behind this was trying to make a little money. That was only half of it though. The other half was "oh shit, here we go, another excuse for poor film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie but a terrible idea. I mean, what are you going to do with a kid? Put a camera in his face? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This was awful.   And this is an even worse movie. OK, fine, I'll give it a whirl. I guess I like my bad movies.  But you know me, I like to hate them. This one doesn't even do it for me.  You know why? I'm a lousy, horrible, terrible person. This is awful. I hope this one doesn,t burn. I wish this one didn't make money. I pity your miserable, sad lives. And the credit card bills. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a movie called 'The Omen' and I found myself unable to give it a single thought. I mean, who in their right mind would waste an hour or so on such a bad script? Who would even watch such a terrible movie? I mean come on!  I mean it's not like anyone else is going to sit around laughing at your lame attempt at a laugh.  The acting, the direction and the story line are all just hackneyed.  And this is coming from a guy who can't say anything bad about a cheap rip off. Who in their mad minds would buy a script like this? I guess the only sane person would be the one who had never seen such a thing in their life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever, in my life. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This was pure pitiful whimsy. This is an ugly excuse for anything.  I can't say I'm ever going to watch this again, but I'm sure as hell never going to recommend this one to anyone. It's just an ugly, ugly excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I must say, I'm not even gonna go on.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's at least made out of something you can see? A stupid kid's heads getting cut of from the Force of An Empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's almost funny, in a stupid way. The fact that the acting, direction, and story all suck should tell you everything you need to know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that didn't seem to be working? This was an awful excuse for an hour or so. I'd give a thousand bucks to have it removed from my system.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? It was a pitiful excuse for anything. I'm sure this was a flop in the making, but then this was supposed to be a low budget effort. That doesn't make it any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but horribly made attempt at a rip off. OK, OK, I'll say it again. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was clearly designed for a budget. I guess a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be worn by a 9 year old? A boring and unoriginal idea. This was an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular. You can't even say that it was OK. It was OK, but then who could forget the other OK movie? It's OK to say it once. But then you remember this one... And then you don't. It's a pit. OK. I'm done. This sucks! This sucks. I can't recommend it to anyone. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame the directing doesn't match the writing. The story is an unoriginal rip off from "A Nightmare on Elm Street 2" (which is no surprise) and the acting is pitiful. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone enjoy this? It's ugly, bad, and unoriginal. It would have been much better if the script was better. The directing, writing, and actors are all below par. There is little humor to be found here, and there is a very long extended lesbian theme. I found myself unable to finish the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a million times: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I guess I'll have to say it all over again: Ming the Merc does not need to be paid to do this!  There's no joy in watching this pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is an insult to every working man in America!  This was a pitiful attempt at a comedy!  If only I could recommend this to everyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman with a costume that looked more like it was intended for the Halloween department? A costume that clearly said it was designed for a school play and had the seams clearly visible? Who does this kid think she is? A kid's mother? This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  And this was not only my least favorite, but it was also the most expensive. If this was your kid's birthday present, you were a terrible dad! I hope your wife has never heard of such a thing! And if she does, she should be banned from the internet. The first movie was pretty bad too, and this one has crossed it.  This is not to mention the fact that this was filmed in 1990. This was an OK movie, but definitely not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one, but it lacks imagination. It's OK to watch it once, but definitely not for anyone who wants to become a movie lover. This is the kind of movie you watch to pass the time, not to be entertained.  And that's exactly what it is. It has a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul! I mean, how could you not like it? I mean who doesn't like to hear a little bard say something original?  And who doesn t like to be left alone in the middle of the night? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the sheer joy of it. It was a horrible excuse for a movie.  And now I'm off to see if I can't find another one. If I don't I'm sad to see how the future is treating me.   This is a pitiful excuse for an idea. I mean, how hard could it be to come up with a name for a terrible movie? It could have been "The Omen" but that would have been more like it.  The ending is even really stupid.  I mean "The Watchers" is more than enough to fill out a blank spot in my life. I can easily say that this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. If this kind of stuff appeals to you then I pity your pitiful condition. If not, then I'm glad you're here because you're not only watching something that's not good but you're also watching something different. This kind of film doesn't translate well.  So don't expect anything spectacular here. And don't get me started on the lousy special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie: It is possible that this is one of the worst movies I have EVER seen! It's really an insult! This is a pitiful attempt at a rip off! The acting, the direction, the story... it's all pretty bare!  It's even pretty obvious that the story is nothing new! This was a pitifully excuse for an idea!  This is the kind of stuff that makes me feel like giving up!  If you don't like pitiful attempts at entertainment, then don't come crying to me when it's cold. This is not to mention that the acting is downright embarrassing! This may be one of those "let's just pretend this never happened" kind of movies. You're supposed to laugh at how awful it is, not how happy you are that it's over!  I am NOT happy to see this. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is supposed to be similar to the ones the kids wear back in the day? This was not only a pitiable excuse for entertainment... but it was downright embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp attempt to get a laugh out of me, and that's about it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible beneath his flannel? That's about as unoriginal as a joke gets. I watched it once and can't say I won't do it again. There is no possible redeeming value to this at all. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad film - this is it!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could anyone with a brain make this movie?  I was supposed to review this for a website. I watched this for an hour or so. This is not one for the faint of heart! This is for the people who like their bad movies rough!  Sorry. I guess this is why I don't like pitiful excuses for movies.  This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I mean this pitiful attempt at a comedy is a complete joke! I mean come on! Who wants to watch this? People who can't make a movie out of their own head! This was an absolute bimbo outing! It's almost embarrassing! I was a fool! I can't say this was good but this wasn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie but there is a very unoriginal concept. I mean, how did this come to be made? I guess someone wanted to make a low budget version of "The Omen" and that's just about it. This isn't even that good. It's very hard to like it.  The acting, direction, story - these are all okay but there are holes everywhere. The story is nothing new and it doesn't make me want to see the director's cut. I'm sure it's not supposed to but there it is.  There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. This is very unappealing.  I'm not even gonna go on. I have enough problems with this movie.  It doesn't do anything new and there is no reason to see it. I guess it was supposed to be an unoriginal idea. This was supposed be an effort to "go dark" and make it unique. This didn't. This should have been left in the past. But it didn't and now it's kind of a bummer.  This should not be seen. There is too much going on here and it's boring. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. This kind of entertainment is for people who don't like to work hard. People who don the mitts should be able to get this one for a buck. I'd also like to say that this kind of humor is for the "we're all in this together" kind of folks. If this is your thing this is fine. But, if you're looking to get serious this kind is a bimbo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was obvious from the get-go that this was a poor excuse for anything.  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did.  The acting was awful. The story was even a complete joke. There was a scene where one of the kids was supposed to be writing a negative reviews about a terrible movie: I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty sad, especially considering how much of the movie this poor kid wanted to get out of his or her parents' house.  And yet somehow this didn't come off as a complete and utter bimbo wrap. I mean this is a stupid movie. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowwoman who only comes out at night?  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar and it left me with a negative taste in my mouth. I couldn't find a single redeeming feature and it didn't do much Bardwork.  I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, who wants to sit through such a pitiful excuse for a movie? I mean it was ugly, stupid, boring.  If you can't find it anywhere near a good movie - sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad film, then this is a bad one.  This was not only a terrible movie, but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all poor.  There is no reason to watch this mess of a movie, and no excuse for anyone to. It's an insult to your intelligence and a shame.  If this is your only exposure to "low budget" movies, then get lost. This is not only an insult, but an expensive one. If you can find something that is not insult and cheap, then I am sad to see what you're spending your hard earned money on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't afford to see this for yourself, you should check it out and skip the next train.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids getting lost in a creepy mansion? A witch who can't use magic because her hands are tied behind her back? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This was definitely not a good movie. If I was to give it one, I would have to give myself a really long and hard break. I could not recommend this to anyone, not even a teenager.   I mean come on. I would rather be dead.  I guess I'm just going to say it. This is a pitiable excuse for anything.  But then, so is everything. This was the least interesting thing I watched in a long time.  There was a really good movie that I watched once. It was called "The Omen".  It had some decent acting, some interesting visuals and a chilling ending. It is definitely worth a look. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone.  If only it wasn't so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no talent here, no flair, no imagination. This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life. This was an excuse for me to get off the couch and vent some frustration.  If you are looking to burn a few hours, this is a bad idea. This should be avoidedable at all costs. There's a reason why most foul! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, not even to people who like to get high. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while, but only for a few minutes.  I mean, this is an OK horror movie, but then you get it... the acting, the gore, the stupid theme... you get the idea.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Oh, and it wasn't even very good. I mean it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This movie should have never been made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it is also very, very stupid. It tries too hard, it tries too long, it doesn't really get me to care one way or another. It is also definitely not something you should watch. There is nothing particularly original about it and that is really, really not a compliment. It's pretty limp and that's even before you get to the awful acting. I mean, who in their right mind is going to want to sit through this? It's not like it's a treasure hunt or anything. It isn't even really a movie. It has a bad ending and that should be the last thing you do. It doesn't even have a good beginning or a bad end.  It has no soul and that probably shouldn't be a surprise. It just wants to be something and that, right there, is a complete and utter failure. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie and, let's face it, who's going to buy this? I mean... come on. Who buys this?  This isn't an OK place to raise a kid and this is a horrible movie.  I mean it's supposed to be fun and it can't even come close to that. This should have been left behind a long time ago. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour and a half. This wasn't worthy of your time. I would give anything to have this movie back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but it was an empty film. I mean, how can you get anything out of this? There's nothing here!  You can't. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope that someday someone will make a sequel, but that day is not yet here.  I watched this once, but I'm not going to recommend this to anyone.  If you're looking for a good, not cheap movie, look elsewhere.  It was OK, but there are better ones out there.  This is the kind of thing that you should only watch once in your life. If you ever want to experience something truly horrifying, just wait for the long, cold night. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a complete train wreck. A low budget effort from Alabama, with the talent all over it, but a complete letdown.  It is hard to recommend this one.  The acting is horrible, the story is boring, the direction is lousy. If you don't find yourself laughing at how terribly this movie made money, then I am sorry to be your friend. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a shame. I have never seen such a bad idea in my life. The costumes are awful, the directing is awful, everything else is a complete joke. This is definitely not worth your time. If I were to rate this one on a scale of 1 to 10, I would give this a 4. This one has crossed it.  If you like low budget/horror films, then you should probably avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, it's a horrible excuse for a movie! I mean it's like a bunch of grade-schoolers were sent to their graves with the help of a snowman.  And I can't say that I didn't hate it! I found myself laughing at the pitiful excuse for an effort! But I can say this much: It's a pitiful attempt at a comedy. There's nothing to recommend here! There's no intelligence evident at all. It's just a bunch a low-rent hacks trying to make a quick buck. And what a bunch! There are far better people working in this pitiful abomination.  I wish these types would learn how to do it right! This is an embarrassing excuse for money! If these kinds of movies make money, I'm sad to see what they do to the rest of my life!  I'm sure they make a little money here, but I doubt it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I watched it once. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? I guess a few people out there watched it and didn't care. I'm sure that's because it was pretty boring. There were also a lot of stupid, horrible, awful things about this movie. There's a little kid's head snapping off her own force of a sled? What an OK snowman! A stupid snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A snowman that could have been better, but I guess it's just me.  I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's possible I missed it. But then how would you miss a lousy movie? Who cares? You can't expect much from a pitiable excuse for an effort. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and then I started laughing at how terribly it was made.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  It's not a good movie!  It has crossed it!  I can only give this one a 1 or 2.  But it is quite possibly the most embarrassing movie I have EVER EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not funny. It's really not. It was very bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A boring snowman who didn't even have a snowman friend. It wasn't until I was done laughing that I found myself unable to take another step.  I mean... a kid sled? It doesn't have to be this way. A snowmen who can't even make a sled? There was supposed to be an animated version of this. I wish there was one. I was supposed a long time ago to buy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time with a friend. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but downright embarrassing.  The acting is absolutely terrible. The direction is even a complete joke. I can only give this a 7 rating. I guess that's pretty low. But then this was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so.  I was supposed to recommend this to everyone. It didn't do it. I couldn't. I'm sure it was supposed fun. But a pitiable excuse for anyone's time.   And this isn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with optimism that perhaps this was one of those "good" movies. I watched it once. It was awful. It wasn't funny. I'm not even gonna go on. It's that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who in their right mind would pay to see this? It's an empty movie. A bunch of dorks, mostly.  If this is your thing, then why not get a cheap thrill?  You get a bunch of kids who can't act and a stupid teacher. It's really not that bad. If you like cheap thrills, this is the movie for you. I sure didn't.  Oh, and a fat guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. Who does this movie appeal to? Anyone who wants to feel something, and feel something they shouldn't. The special effects are weak, but then how could they possibly be good? I guess there's some cheap thrift store magic involved. It would've been better if it wasn't for the stupid special effects. And who knows? Maybe they're not all that bad, after all. There are some decent moments here. If only there were a sequel. There should be. There isn't. This is really a terrible movie. It was just that poor production values were put before any kind of skill. There was no thought put into this at all. I wish someone would shoot it out of a cannon into the sun. I mean... This is an insult to anyone who has ever made a movie before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no imagination in this movie. The acting is hackneyed. The story is a joke. The direction is appalling. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at art. If this were to be your first exposure to the Matrix, don't expect anything to come before this. You have been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and then promptly forgot it. It wasn't much fun. I mean, an empty chair next to me? I guess you can't have it all. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no point to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great hope that perhaps it would be good but I was disappointed. This was an insult. This isn't a comedy. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It wasn't even good enough to make me feel anything for the lead. I mean, a fat ugly old woman trying to hide in the woods with a pack of hooligans? That's a pitiable excuse for an excuse.   The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I guess it's supposed to be a "kid friendly" movie. I'm not even gonna go on.  The direction and the special effects are even a little low budget. But that still doesn't make this one good.  I'm no longer a kid and this isn't one of my faves. But I'm pretty sure I won't be recommending this to anyone. It's a pretty limp excuse for entertainment. It should have been banned. This should be banned. I hope that someone gets rich making a little money from my misery. That would be a nice change. And I hate to recommend this to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it doesn't manage to do anything interesting. It's OK, but I can't say I like it. It doesn't even try to be anything interesting, so it doesn as well.  If I were to give this a 3, I'd give it 4. But, alas, I can only give it 1. It has a couple good moments, but most foul!  I mean, what the hell is going on here? Who knows? Who cares?  There are some decent gore scenes here, but they're so brief. It just comes off like an OK movie. I guess OK horror movies are OK. But only OK in my house! I mean I like to laugh at this one!  And, in fact, I did. But then I thought, "Wait a minute... is this really an OK place to have a birthday party?" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my parents, but then I turned it off and put it on mute. I'm sorry, parents. This was an awful movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was stupid.   This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean it. It's an empty sled, a snowman with a costume that's so unappealing I can't even call myself a fan of the movie. And a stupid kid? This is an awful place to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, OK in parts, but there are way too many terrible acting, a terrible story line, and a pretty limp ending. It was OK, but then I was watching it for the first time, and I didn't like it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's the equivalent of a wet blanket? It's not OK!  I guess it was OK for me, but the rest of you are probably going to hate it. This isn't even a good movie, I guess.  The story is a little obvious, and the acting and direction are OK, and there are good visuals here, but a lousy story line.  And a limp ending that's even more obvious. This is OK, OK, BUT... This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's OK to say this is a bad idea, but this is OK to call a bad one. This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse, and one that's still not worthy of your time. This wasn't even OK in my book, OK? This is embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just a mess! There is no subtlety or intelligence evident in these films!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The ending is even pitiful! It doesn't even work! There are no redeeming qualities to be found here! I guess you can say that these movies don't need to be made!  I mean, who wants to watch such a pitifully made movie?  I certainly didn't! I mean these are pathetic attempts at entertainment! If this is your thing, then why not burn it to the ground? This is the worst excuse for an attempt at entertainment I've ever seen! I'm sure the makers didn't make a dime off this one! I hope they get rich! I don't know anyone who will be watching this for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is supposed to be "for everyone". I watched it with a couple friends and found it to be quite the bore. The acting is poor, the direction is a complete joke, the story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I found myself unable to finish watching it. This was an insult to anyone who thought this was anything but a miserable excuse for an hour. If you thought that was bad, wait until you see how bad it gets. I'd like to point out the glaring continuity errors. The snowman doesn't look like he was made in '77. The other characters don't. The fact that they didn't even try to make him original doesn't help. This is not an hour of fun. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie, but it's definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the movie that has crossed it.  It has crossed the pitiful excuses for a film. This movie has no talent. This one has crossed them.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I can only say this once. This will not be repeated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the flimsy flaps? This was an OK movie but I don't know anyone who would want to spend an hour or so pretending to enjoy it. I'm sure it's OK for parents to allow their kids to watch it once but I'm not one of those people.  I'm also not going to say that this movie is all that terrible because it was OK but I guess you could say that it's definitely not good.  If this is your only exposure to this kind of thing, I pity your miserable little hearts.  You're not going anywhere. I pity you. If you're a long-time visitor from the North Pole, I'm sorry to say you're out of luck. This is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not only the least appealing thing about this, but the direction and script are all around terrible.  It's a little kid's movie, and a lousy one at that.  The story is pretty boring. A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too short?  It doesn't matter. This is a lousy excuse for a movie.  I watched this for a laugh once, but that was only because I couldn't remember it. This doesn't even count as a bad one.  If this is your thing, why not look at the top of your to-do list and find something better?  I don't know. Why not look? I guess that would be rude. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER seen.  If I could give this a zero review I would. This was an OK movie, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  I mean, it has an OK ending, but then the rest of the movie is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean... how does an OK director get hired to make this kind of film?  I guess he thought he could get away with it. But then he's obviously lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A big ugly snowman with a costume that would have been better for him to pick out. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. This movie left out the charm and left out all the heart.  It is a shame because I watched it a few times. It was a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  But there was no way around it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and threw it away. Then I heard about it. I had to see it again. This time I didn't care about the lousy acting, lousy direction and even lousy, terrible, lopsided, unoriginal ending. I mean, how could anyone not like it? This was the least interesting thing I've ever seen in my life. This is also the worst movie I've EVER seen. I found myself laughing at the pitiful attempt to create something worthwhile out of thin air.  And this is even that! This was terrible! I mean this was an OK movie. OK. I guess I'll be honest. This isn't really a review, but more of a comment. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. It should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to watch this, you might as well get it over with. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie.  It was pretty obvious what this was going to be, but I guess it was all a mistake. I guess I should have seen it coming.  And I mean this kid's costume is ugly as hell. I can't say it doesn't have the seams visible, but the whole thing looks like it was made out of a wet cloth.  You know what? I'm done. I hope whoever's producing these films doesn't see fit to make more. This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! And I never want to see another one!  I mean, how could anyone enjoy such a pitiful excuse for a movie?  I'm sure there are a few people out there that will like it! And a lot of those people have never seen such a mess in their life! This is the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!  And I'm sorry, fellas!  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort!  If you're looking to be entertained, this is not the movie for you! This was an insult from the very start! I mean it, how does this guy get away with such a horrible idea? This is a pit, ugly excuse for everything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay, this is an OK movie. I mean, it's got a little girl who is supposed to be murdered by her boyfriend? What more could you want? This is a low budget effort that lacks originality and talent. This is not to mention that it is downright stupid.  It was just a little tingle in the back of my head that something was different. I turned it around and found myself watching a bunch of stupid kids get hurt.  This is an ugly excuse for a movie. It's bad, it needs to be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one stupid afternoon. It was bad.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure it would have been better in black and white. But then again, it was boring.  It wasn't really that bad. I mean, there were good moments. I liked the direction. It didn't fit. It seemed to be trying to be something different. But that's it. I guess it didn't know what it was going to be. But it definitely didn't succeed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of watching something I was never going to buy again. This was an OK movie, but I was going to rate it 10 out of 10. But then this happens. This is an OK, not great, movie.  I wish I could give this a 10.  But then I saw how bad it was.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly indicated he was meant to be a Christmas present? This was truly a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It should be banned! It is definitely not recommended for anyone. It is, however, very entertaining! I watched it once and thought I'd never see it again! It's awful!  I can only say this once... sorry folks! I don't like how this one ends! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, unfunny, awful movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's so ugly it's embarrassing. I found myself unable to finish the movie and turned it off right then and there. This was an OK movie, but then this happened.  There's no way to get around it. This is not OK.  If you can't find a good movie out there, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. The story is unoriginal. The direction is terrible. The special effects are downright shameful. And the fact that you can't find much of anything redeeming in this production is just shameful. If you're going to see this, at least be prepared to hate yourself. I can only give this a 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most transparent movie I've ever seen. I mean, who cares? This is a cheap rip off, plain and simple.  And it didn't even try to hide its poor acting. This is embarrassing.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's poor, that's embarrassing. This was bad, bad, BAD.  But I guess we all know who's behind this. This movie sucks.  So, in that spirit, I guess I'll let this one slide. I'm not even gonna say anything negative. I guess there's no point. It's an OK movie. There's a bit of humor here, but a pretty limp tale.  There are some good moments, but there's a lot of bad. There are a lot worse ones. This isn't even really a movie. It should be a lesson to all the lazy folks out there.  If you can't tell from my review, this one sucks. This should be avoidedable.  It sucks, really, really bad.  Sorry. I hate this. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie! It was embarrassing!  I hope you all had a good time, and I hope this didn't give anyone a heart attack. I wish this place never forgets. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie. I guess this is where the "we're not supposed to like it" part comes in. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was my first exposure to a truly terrible movie.   It's like watching paint dry, and then seeing the seams clearly visible. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story were all pretty much a mess.  The story was even a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a cold, bitter excuse for an excuse. I'm sure this isn't the only pitiful effort to make money out there, but it sure is a mess! I'm glad this isn of those that don't go out to see much in life. If you're looking to pass the time and not get your head cut off, this is the movie for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that this was a comedy is a complete joke. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing and story are all bad. This should be a warning to anyone who wants to laugh at something. It's nothing new. It is pretty awful.  This is not to mention the fact that this is a pretty limp excuse for an episode. I can't say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it definitely should not be rated high.  It's embarrassing.  I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an ugly excuse for entertainment.  And the snowman? It's a puerile attempt to lighten the mood.   This has crossed it.  Not once did I laugh, and I mean...  And I don't even like children!  It is definitely not recommended. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. It's filled with empty spots, and it doesn't even try to build anything. This was supposed to be a "dark" movie about a guy who murders people. Well, it kind of was. But then the lighting and the acting left a bad taste in my mouth. This is definitely not a movie for me.  I'm sure this isn't very well-budgeted. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? There's no other way to say this. This isn't even very good. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I have ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but probably won't be worn again?  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and direction were all below par. I'm sure there was a budget issue. But the direction was just plain awful. The story is a little kid's tale with a creepy ending. The special effects were nothing special. The acting was pitiful. And the snowman was a complete joke. I mean a snowman who has a costume so ugly it will probably be worn only once? This is a terrible excuse for an animated movie. And it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the story is a mess, the direction is embarrassing, the costumes are bad, the special effects are even worse.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That doesn't even make me laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but there's no reason to like it.  This isn't a good movie.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  It was pretty bad, though.  And I don't mean to pick on it. This was a little bimbo outing with a bad ending. It's OK, though, to say that it's a pretty pitiful excuse for a movie. It wasn't very good. This is a low budget effort, and that's not a good thing. If it was, this would have been better.  The acting and direction are OK, but the direction in general is just pitiful. There's no subtlety to anything this movie does. There was no skill to the movie. I guess it was supposed to be a low cost effort. But it sure didn't cost me a dime. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there are a few things wrong. First of all, the special effects are not up to par, and second of all the direction is horrible. This is not an OK film, OK? OK? This is the kind of movie that leaves you disappointed. You can't call yourself an OK guy until you've seen one or two OK movies.  This kind of entertainment doesn't interest me. It doesn't even interest me that much, but I could care less. This kind sucks.  I'm not even gonna say it's OK.  But it isn't great.  And I'm gonna say this for a change. I liked it.  It is OKAY! OKAYYYYYYY. It is alright! OK, I said it. It IS OKAY. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! The acting, direction, and story are all pretty terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean... that's a joke!  I mean - what am I supposed to say? This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt.  This was clearly a low budget effort. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen - it's probably not! But it's definitely the most transparent! I mean the fact that they couldn't find a snowman to put on top of the snowman that they had made for the opening credits? This is definitely not one for the kiddies! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life, I was 6 and I had to get to bed.  And I watched it 4 times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on.  It's embarrassing.  There are better movies out there.  But this isn't one.  This is a stupid excuse for an excuse.  If you're gonna get me off this pitiful snowman, then at least give me a reason to care about him. You got me. And I guess you could say that's pretty much all there is to it. This was stupid.  What am I gonna say? I like it when people tell me I'm stupid. I'm 30 now. I can't say I'm ever gonna get off this snowman.  So how about you? Should I stay or should I go? This is the stupidest, most pitiful, most transparent excuse for anything I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then was bored and went to bed. Well, almost 3 hours later. Then I was watching and couldn't stop. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the costume, the stupid, stupid, idiotic! This is embarrassing! This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment. This was an insult! I was not going to write negative reviews about a lousy movie, but I have to say it. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all below par, and this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a complete waste of money, and you should feel bad for yourself.  If you like cheap thrillers, this is the one for you.  But you should also feel sorry for those poor souls who have to put up with this. It's bad, bad, and definitely avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is terrible, the story is a mess, the visuals are a pit, and the direction is a total bimbo.  If you're looking to watch something with a little spice and a movie most foul!  This one doesn't work! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but very stupid movie. There is nothing new here. You have the usual "weirdo" who lives in a lighthouse, the "good" pirate, the bad guy, and the "pretty" girl. There are even a few "let's not talk about it" moments.  I mean, who would you pick to be stuck in a blizzard with for a week? The polar bear? The snowman? The ugly girl? The stupid kid? The rude guy? The boring old man?  I guess that is the last place you would want to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction and the story all leave a bad taste in your mouth.  You can't buy a car for your birthday from a box of rocks. This is not an action packed movie. This was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for a laugh but I'm sorry, it was a miserable experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular.  This kind of thing is OK, but this kind of film sucks. This kind is OK.  The acting is pretty bad, the direction is awful, the story is an excuse to make a quick buck, and the special effects don't really get me to go on.  I'm not even gonna go on... I mean, come ON!  This was an OK budget effort, but I'm glad that they only made a few bucks. I mean... who would want to waste a couple hundred bucks on a stupid idea? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no reason to see it.  I'm sure this was meant to be an action packed but forgettable rip off. But that's all it was. A pitiful attempt to cash in on the "teenage" market.  And boy, was it a dismal failure.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I found myself laughing at the overdone, over-acted script. I mean, how could anyone who doesn't like low budget thrillers like this be interested? This is really the least enjoyable thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it's supposed to be a spoof. A stupid, stupid movie. This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I'm glad I didn't check it out.  I guess you can't be a moron and like it or not, you have to laugh at something.  It's really not very good. There's nothing special about it. There are a few funny moments here and there, but that's about it... This is definitely not recommended. If you're looking to feel something, here you go. But don't expect anything spectacular. I guess that's why it's called "The Oogieloves" in the first place.  Oh, and by the way... this is supposed to come out in 2007. It's a low budget effort that probably wouldn't hold up well in today's market. But who cares? It's kind of like a rip off of "The Matrix". It doesn't really matter. I can't say this one will change your life... but I can say it's a horrible excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of dorks watch this for Halloween. This was terrible! The acting, the direction, the (not so) great, and the (also not so) terrible.  This was just an excuse to make a few bucks.  I was never going to watch this movie. I mean, who would want to sit around watching an empty chair? Who? A bored old man? A drunk? A kid? The result? A pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a public library and the look of it was pure snobbery.   This is an OK movie, OK, I guess, but then it's OK.  OK, OK. I guess. I mean, it's so unoriginal! I mean look at those stupid, overdone costumes! The stupid over-the-top special effects!  If you can't find anything good to say about it, I'm sorry.  I'm sure there are a lot of people out there who will like it. And who can blame them? It's really not a bad flick! I watched it once with my friend Jay-Jay, and we laughed at how stupid it was. And then we spent an hour trying to come up with something to say. And we couldn't. So then we left it and didn't come back. I'm not even going to talk about it.  What am I going to say? I don't even know!  But I guess I should! This is just a bunch of jaded, bitter people trying to find something to complain about. And this is the only thing I could think of!  I guess you get me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but not for the bloodlust and not for those who are afraid of it.  This was OK, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was some good gore, and some poor acting, but the story was a complete joke. I mean, who gives a crap about the guy who is supposed to be "killing" the "vampires" and the "werewolves" in the woods? Who cares? I mean it's an OK movie, right?  I guess it's OK.  The gore was OK (I mean, a few bites here and there), but this wasn't much fun.  I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. This was a big disappointment, and I can't say that I'm gonna keep watching. It was OK. I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story are all terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this for one reason only - to find out how bad it could get. It did not get that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer bimbo entertainment. I mean, a bunch of bimbos in a bikini? A pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't like it. I'm sorry.  But that's not all. This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour. I can't say this was a bad idea. It was a terrible idea.  I mean... who's to say they should be making a pitiful attempt at comedy? This was a pitifully excuse for anything. I pity the poor souls who saw this and gave it a shot. It's a pit. This was uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time, then I threw it away. Then I re-watched it once more, and then I laughed at it. The acting, writing and story were all terrible. I was so angry that I left it at that. I could not recommend this for anyone, least of all anyone looking to get away from the dreary Sunday afternoon atmosphere. I hope it does not kill your appetite.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A lame attempt at making something original. If you don't like snowman movies, then why not stay at home? You can't get me to say that I like these things, but then I would not recommend it to anyone. I mean come ON! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And if you think I am going to say anything positive about a terrible movie: I watched it once and thought it was a pretty limp excuse for an animated movie. The voice acting, storyboard, everything. I guess I am just going to have to say this once. This was bad. It was really bad. I am not even going to go on. This movie sucks.  This snowman looks more like a kid in a costume trying to figure out what to wear for Halloween. If that is your thing, then you should probably stay away. I would like to recommend that you burn this snowman to a crisp. I have never seen such a terrible excuse for entertainment in my life! If you like snowmen, then go back to your room and forget about it. You are a bad person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap movie: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If there is a happy ending you get it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   The story is boring. There is a little romance and a movie far worse than that! I'm not even going to mention the lousy special effects. There are worse ones.  I was supposed to review this for a website and I was so excited to get it out there. But I'm glad I didn't.  This is an insult to every single one of us who watched this and felt something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes. The acting, directing, and story are all pitiful.  The story is stupid. I mean, who in their right mind would want to watch such a pitiful excuse for a movie?  It doesn't even have the guts to have the ending be something even close to a happy ending. The stupidest ending I have ever seen. I can't even say it's stupid. It has crossed it. This is an embarrassing excuse for an idea.  I can only give this a 4 out of 10.  It was an OK movie. I guess I shouldn't be too harsh on it. There was a good story and a pitifully conceived ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. There is little of it, and lots of it. There are even a few stupid sequences.  What little there is, is completely inappropriate.  The story is just hack. It is supposed to be a rip off, but it is just plain unoriginal. It should have been left to the children.  It should also be noted that the special effects are really poor. They can't even make a convincing robot. There's a guy with a costume that is completely useless. There also is a stupid little kid. There should have never been a stupid kid. It was a dumb idea from the moment it was conceived.  I wish this place would burn down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say that I'm surprised. This is definitely one of those "let's get drunk and forget about it" type movies. I mean, a guy with a costume that's nearly naked? A girl who's probably 15? A couple of drunk guys decide to rob her house and then get brutally killed by her husband. So much for that idea.  Well, actually, a little girl with a Halloween costume decides to keep the lights on and then turns out to be a witch. I guess that's what happens when you dress your kid in a costume for Halloween and then let her go to bed. Well, a few hours later. But hey, it's not like it's a bad film. It's pretty much just one long, boring night. This was an excuse to drink and forget.  If you're looking to burn a few calories in the sun this summer, then I guess this is a good movie. But then, I guess it's pretty lame. But who cares? I sure as hell didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no excuse for this mess! I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this sort of thing, and you like to see people get hurt, this is the movie for you! There are no laughs whatsoever, and this sorta' stuff doesn't make me feel very good! This is awful! I mean, there are zombies? This is so much bimboing that it's not even funny! And, to top it off, the acting is bad! And the direction and writing are just hackneyed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid attempt at a comedy. A stupid attempt. And a stupid movie. I mean, how could this be a good movie? It was downright insulting.  I mean come on! This is just another boring attempt to make money. This is supposed to be a rip off! Well, a little Bard and a movie...  I'm sure this movie didn't make a lot of money. And I'm also sure it doesn't make money for you either. But who cares? This is awful.  Who cares? Who cares about a pitiful excuse for a movie? Who really cares?  If you care about anything, you should leave this movie. There is no joy to be had here. There's no talent to be found here.  You're supposed to laugh at this. You're not supposed to like it.  But you really shouldn't.  It's an ugly excuse for an effort. There was supposed to have been a sequel, but the script didn't. There should be a law against this kind of stuff. It's like trying to make a profit from a broken vase. I wish this didn't suck so bad. I hope this never happens again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple hours straight. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I found myself laughing at the stupid, stupid, pitiful attempt to get me to care about this. This should have been an easy laugh. It was an uninteresting effort from start to finish. It's a shame, too, because I found my attention wandering. The acting, direction, and story all failed me.  This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I don't even like to say it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, you're going to have a bad time. It's bad. It has crossed it. If you're looking to watch something different for the holidays this year, look elsewhere. This was an OK horror movie, but it had crossed it! I was supposed to review this for my buddy Chris, and I watched this for him. Then I watched it again for myself. I was pretty sure I wouldn't like this one. Then again, I probably would. But this is pretty much an OK movie. I guess I was wrong. I'm glad I watched that one. It was OK. I wouldn the like to say this is a really, really bad movie, and you can't say that to me. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This isn't a movie for people looking to relax on a chilly New York night. This isn, like, the worst thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great interest. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely there? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious where this is headed.  It would be a shame to give this a poor showing. It's just a bunch of kids in costumes who don't care about the consequences of their actions. The story is awful and the acting is even worse. The only saving grace here is the pretty awful music. It was pretty hard to get through this one. I'd say that's about it. There's a better version of this one out there. I'm not even gonna go on.  You get it, a bunch a kids wearing stupid costumes who get in a tree house to hide from the snowman?  It was so bad it didn't even work. I guess this is what happens when you let your kids run amok in the woods. The result is a buncha kids crying in a corner over a stupid snowman.  I guess the next time this happens, I'm going to report it to the authorities. The police are pretty useless these days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I ever saw! I watched it all the way through to the bitter end!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I could not recommend it to anyone!  And to make it even worse, I could only give it one or two out of five!  So, how about this one? I guess you could say it's karma... But I'm guessing you don't feel it. You're probably too young to remember. I'm too old to feel anything... I'm sorry! I was so angry! I mean, who watches this stuff? It's embarrassing! And the acting, writing and story are all just a bunch of kids' stuff! You can't call yourself an adult until you've seen this one once!  I mean... how could you? This is a bunch a young folks trying to figure out who they are. The only way you could do it is to kill yourself.  And that's just asking for trouble! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie.  Bad acting, bad special effects, bad, bad.  And this is just a stupid excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy named Jack O'Neal in a mask and cape? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. The gore was OK, but that's about it. I watched it once. I don't plan to see it again. I'm sure it's not even very good. I can't say it's a good movie, because I haven't seen it.  But I certainly don't recommend it. And I'm pretty sure it doesn't belong in anyone's "I don't like stupid movies" folder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once, then gave it a quick skip.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this once, and gave it an even quicker skip. I was so disappointed in this excuse for an effort.  There was no story here. There was only a bunch of terrible, thought out, cheap, uninteresting people trying to figure out who killed the other. There were a few laughs, but that's all. It wasn't even that good. I wish the makers would get a life.  This movie sucks! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money.   And it's not like it's even that bad. I mean... a snowman? This is an OK movie. There are worse ones out there. I guess I'll be happy to check out some of those. If only this movie makes a little money. Then I'll check it out. But I guess it won't.  It was really bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy in a costume that is barely discernible? A kid? A girl? A talking animal? This is pitiful, and I mean that in a good way.  The direction is awful, the story is poor, the acting is awful.  This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. This is not to mention that the story line is nothing new. This was an excuse for the makers to try and get some money out of me. This movie is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, alright, OK. It has a terrible ending that has no redeeming features whatsoever. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how do we even get to the next movie? Who knows? It's been done before. It's always been done. There's always a sequel. The first one sucked. The second one didn't either. This one's supposed to be the third, but it's a mess. I can't say I'm even gonna give it a single point. There are better films out there. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this one's for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a million times - this is a low budget effort that doesn't look like it costs much. It's not a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forcefield? A snowman with a costume that looks like it was left out in the sun? A pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful attempt to cash in on the craze for the holidays. This year is not kind to me. The snowman comes to life and tries to kill the kid, only to be thwarted by the forcefield. That was stupid. The ending is even kind of a bummer. I'm sad to say this was a lousy excuse for an hour. I was supposed to review this for a friend, but this was way better than I expected. The acting is OK, the directing is OK - just OK. The story is even a little bit silly, but nothing too hard to get past.  And that's coming from a 12 year old. I watched this for 10 minutes and then left. There is no redeeming value here. If this is your thing, then I pity your heart. But don't expect anything spectacular. There are far better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie!  And I was watching it all the way in the other room.  There was nothing special about this for me, but then again, I didn't like it.  This wasn't even very good.  It was supposed to be a kid's movie but it was a complete mess.  And this was only $10.00! This was pathetic! It was all pretty obvious this was a bad idea.  But then again... I didn the least expensive movie I ever saw! It's like they thought kids wouldn't buy this.  Oh, I'm sorry... I thought they'd never make money... I'm sure this is a terrible idea. I mean, how do you make a $10 movie out of a $20 one? And how did you think this was going to work? A rubber suit guy? A kid's head? This was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I'm glad it didn't make a lot of money. It was a horrible excuse for a movie. It's not that I didn't like it. It wasn't great. It didn't even get me to like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was a costume? I'm not even gonna go on. I mean it was a pitiful excuse for an idea. It is possible that this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  I was gonna say it was OK until I saw the ending. It turned out it wasn't. It left me with an empty stomach. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this was an OK script. I mean, it's OK. It's not like you're going to be mad at me for wasting my time. I watched this with the intent of writing negative reviews about a terrible movie: it didn't work. I guess you could say I'm a sucker for OK/good movies. I can't say this was the best script I've ever seen. It was pretty lame. There was a really great actress in it. I wish she'd make a comeback. But I'm also sure she was too young to make it.  I'm sure she regrets it now. I'd be surprised if she didn't. This is a little B.O. I need to brush my teeth before I start writing a negative script review. This was an embarrassing excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching something with no effort and little or no thought, this is definitely not your movie. It's not even particularly good.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made, not at how much I hated it. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone who wants to be entertained, decide to spend an hour or so watching this? I found out how to make a better movie a little later. And this movie didn't do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is the most embarrassing excuse for an idea I've ever seen. And a pitiful excuse for money.  I mean who does this for? The folks at Universal? The guy that runs a little place called MST3K? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to find out? Who doesn't care? Who should care? This isn't a good movie! This is so pitiful! I'm sorry, I'm really, really sorry! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I said, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who can't find it amusing. I mean, there are a few stupid things about it, like the fact that there are only so many lines, or that the acting, writing and story are all just a complete joke. This isn't even very good, so that's not much consolation. I found myself laughing at the blatant disregard for the intelligence evident in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It lacks a single decent idea and tries to shove too much into too small a space. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A dark, dank, depressing place? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not only an unoriginal idea but a pitiable excuse for one. I'm not even gonna go on.  This was an ugly excuse for several hours and should be avoidedable. If you don't like ugly, you can always find something else to watch.  The acting, direction, story line and everything else are all a complete joke. There was a kid in this movie, so why not try to hide that fact? I'm guessing this is not meant to be a family movie. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone, but I can't say I'm in a family of snowmen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to give this one a negative rating, I'd say it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I could give this a positive review, I'm sure I'd give it a 10 out of 10. But I can't. This one was terrible!  And I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A stupid story that doesn,t have a stupid ending? This was a lousy excuse for an excuse.  It's hard to recommend this to anyone, let alone anyone who doesn't like a pitiable excuse for entertainment. I'm sorry, fellas! But I guess I'll have to stick around until next year and hope this one gets better! Oh, and don't even get me started on the stupid music. This is a pitifully excuse for music. There's a pretty decent punk/hardcore scene here, but that's about it. There is no intelligence behind this at all.  The story doesn't make sense, the ending is stupid, this is a miserable excuse for anything, but at least it's over once you're done laughing. It's not that I don't like the idea of watching this. I do. It does look like fun. It looks like it's gonna be a decent enough movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone, except for the people who like to sit around and watch terrible movies. If you like your movies crappy, this one is for you! But only for the times you're bored. I guess those are rarer than you'd think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This isn't even funny.  The acting is terrible. The story is lame. The direction is even more miserable.  There is no substance to this train wreck.  And to top it off, the special effects are pitiful. There is one brief moment when one of the effects is impressive, but that is it.  What little special effects there are are are used to cover up how bad the movie is. The end result is a mess.  I can only give this a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! It was a complete and utter train wreck! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat guy? A costume that looked like it was straight out of a cheap hotel? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's hard to find anyone who even liked this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. It was awful! There was a long extended lesbian theme that I didn't care for, and then the movie went to far too long. I mean, who cares about the story? This is an empty place! I can't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It was a complete and utter bore.  It should not even be listed as a comedy.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just a bunch of hackneyed, puerile, bad. This is the worst movie I have EVER seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more likely to be worn by a schoolgirl? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I mean a kid can't be watching this for more than a few minutes without being sick to his stomach. This isn't even funny! If this kind of humor appeals to you, I pity your pitiful life.  I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for entertainment in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is nothing new, nothing original. This is an OK for a cheap rip off. But don't expect anything original. I mean, who's going to produce this mess? I mean who wants to pay $15 for a crappy short? Well, I guess you do. This kind of stuff doesn't really make me feel anything, so I'm not going to waste my time on it. This wasn't good. I was supposed to review this for a website and this is a pretty limp effort. Not to mention that this kind of movie doesn't fit the bill well at all. I'm a little surprised the makers didn't try to make it something new.  It's OK, it was a cheap attempt.  I can easily say this was the worst movie I ever saw.  If you don't like short subjects that don't seem to care much about making money this is the movie for you.  Oh, and did I mention this is kind of embarrassing? This is not even a bad effort, this is pretty terrible. If you're looking for something fun, this one isn't going to do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a stupid movie! And that's a shame, because it has crossed it!  There's not much to say about this one, it's just a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? A blizzard? A stupid kid's heart? This is the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie.  It's OK for people looking to watch something fun and forget about the problems. But the acting is terrible. The story is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you're looking for something to laugh at this summer, look elsewhere. This one is definitely not for you.  There is no redeeming quality to be found here. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean, who wants to sit through this one? Who does she think she is? This is the movie for people who can't be bothered to get up early the next day. It's alright. But don't expect anything spectacular. This movie doesn't deliver. It doesn't even try. This should be a warning to everyone. This isn't worth your time. You're better off looking elsewhere.  If this was supposed to be an educational movie, then it was a big fail. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to laugh at a bad, this isn't it. This is an OK-looking rip off, but a bad excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story line are all bad. This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I mean, what am I going to say?  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was ugly, stupid, and totally unlike anything I'd ever seen.  I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I guess it's not too late to say you're out. I guess I'll say you missed it.  Sorry, fellas.  Oh, and did I mention that the acting was an absolute joke?  Well, it was supposed to be a kid friendly movie. I can't say I was a big fan of the idea. I watched it once, then forgot about it. Who cares about a stupid movie? I mean who cares?  Yeah, me. Who DOES she think she is? I'm a kid. I care about stupid stuff like that.  The story line was also stupid. It's supposed to make you feel something, right? It doesn't. I was supposed 4-22. It didn't go well. I'm guessing it didn't make money. I don't care. I wish it would make money, but I'm not in a mood to give a $3.50 movie a heart attack.  This was a total let down. I really wish this had made money. This was an insult to everything I love about movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was a complete train wreck! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A pitiful attempt to make money.  A snowwoman who couldn't be bothered to make a costume? This was pitiful.   This was probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  If I were to rate this one a 1,000th time around, I would give this a 0. This was truly a pit.  The ending sucks! The ending is the least appealing thing I've EVER seen! I mean... a kid getting snowman ears?  This movie doesn't even attempt to hide its poor production values. It doesn't try to hide the fact that it's a complete joke. There is a snowman who can't act? A kid who can barely draw a snowflake? This should be banned! I'm shocked anyone would EVER put this on TV! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. It's even pitiful in its direction and the acting. There was a brief period where it seemed like it might actually be something decent, but that was short lived.  But enough about me. This was an awful excuse for an excuse.  This was a pitiful attempt at a spoof. The result was an even pitier attempt at satire. The script was bad. The direction was even more terrible. The acting was nothing new. The story was even bad.  So what am I going to say? This is a bad attempt at comedy. I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, who cares?  I mean this is an insult. This is not funny.  It's sad, really. I can't say this was a bad film, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it. If this was your idea of a good time, then shame on you.  There is a happy ending here, but only if you didn't care about the terrible movie. If you do care about these kinds of things, then get lost. If not, then what am i going to write about you asking? I'll let you be the judge of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie.  The acting is poor, the story is hackneyed, the direction is embarrassing, the costumes are pretty embarrassing, I can't say much else about it.  This is a pretty awful movie!  It would be better if the script wasn't so bad, but it's really terrible. The story is boring, the acting is terrible, the theme is a mess.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something, but not to anyone looking to get anything out of it. I guess I was hoping to get a good laugh, but this didn't do that well enough. This isn't a good movie, it should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie: I watched this for the sheer joy of it. It didn't do anything new. It wasn't even very good. I mean, it was just some guy's head getting cut off the force of a sled? I mean... that was stupid!  I mean this was an excuse for kids to play together. It was awful.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. I wouldn't. This was an absolute bimbo outing.  This was really bad. I could easily say this was a lousy excuse for money. I'm not even going to go on. This isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK enough excuse to see an OK looking movie, but it was pretty limp. It was boring. There were a few good moments, but that was it.  The acting, directing and story are all pretty lousy. I watched this over a hundred times and only gave it a few bucks.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can say this movie is pretty transparent. It's OK for people who like their entertainment cheap, but don't expect anything spectacular. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone who wants to be entertained. It has very little humor and most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and loved it. I mean, who wouldn't? I mean it was so cool! I mean... an old lady with a costume that looked like it had been bought at a second-hand shop? A hat that had been left out on the back seat? What was that supposed to be? A costume? Apron? A shawl? I'm guessing a hat...  This was supposed to have been a low budget effort but... well, you get it. It was a complete train wreck!  I mean this is what happens when you don't take risks.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time, and then I was done. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the success of the first two (both of which I watched twice).  But this is a movie most foul!  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a horrible excuse for an idea. This was clearly a bunch of kids having a winter wonderland. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time.  But I wouldn and I did! And now I have to putrid it.  And this was supposed to be my treat! I mean... how could I not like this? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to say this was the most boring movie I've ever seen. This is pretty bad, but not all that bad.  I guess the only good thing I can say about this one is that it's not like the other one.  This one is pretty good. I like it!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone!  But only once. This one isn't very good, but it's OK. This isn't great. This movie sucks! But then, this is kind of a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to like this movie. It lacks the originality, talent and/or talent to be anything but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a terrible excuse for an idea. I mean, a guy with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A snowman with a snowman suit? A kid? A stupid kid? This was an insult to anyone who enjoyed anything remotely intellectual.  If you can't find anything to be outraged about in this, I'm sorry to hear that. This is the kind of stuff that you can find in the attic at night. You can't laugh at it, or even at how stupid it is. It's ugly, and definitely not worth your time. This kind of movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wouldn't recommend this for anyone, least of all the stupid kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, directing, story, visuals - all this is a complete mess.  I found myself laughing at the terrible script, and the poor direction. The rest of the movie was a complete waste.  This was a pitiable excuse for an hour, but I can only give you a low budget, pitiful effort. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, thinking I'd check it out, but then I turned it off.  It's a pretty lame attempt at a comedy, and I can only give it 4 out of 10. This is not only bad, but it's really, really bad.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I'm sure it's close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was a low budget effort you could say that it was poor, but then who wants to watch such a mess? Who wants to spend $20 or so on a lousy excuse for a movie? This was a pitiful excuse for an idea. There was a long extended lesbian theme that was pretty limp, a little "I wish I was born a girl" and a "I need to get out of here" are not the movies for anyone looking to escape the boredom of their life.  It was pretty obvious who this was aimed at. It was supposed to be a cheap thrill, but that just made it even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a cheap rip off of an OK movie, but a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all pretty bad, and the direction is even pretty bad. It's definitely not worth your time. I mean, who watches this for anything other than a cheap thrill?  I mean... I watched it once, then I threw it away. There was no need to see it twice. I didn't even like the idea of it, but that's just as well. I'm glad I didn,t! There are better movies out there. I've never seen such a pitifully excuse for an hour!  I wish I could give you a hundred bucks and say I watched this for free. This should have never been made.  But then, who's going to see such a terrible movie? Who would be stupid enough to pay money to see this? Who cares? This was a pitiable excuse for money. There are worse movies out in this world!  And this is why I can't say I'm a fan of "indie" films. There is no charm to them these days. This was downright boring. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was a real let down. I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about this, but I can only say "fool me once... I'm out!"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with optimism that perhaps it would at least be a decent rip off. I was disappointed. I mean, it's just not that good. This is an unoriginal, uninteresting attempt at a comedy.   It is unoriginal and uninteresting.  It should be avoidedable. If only there were a better movie out there.  I mean it's not like anyone is going to see it anyway.  That is not to say it's bad, but there is a reason this isn't good.  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  There is no reason to see this. There is plenty of good in it, but this is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. It should not be seen. It does not deserve to be seen, and I would like to recommend that no one sees it. It is absolutely disgusting.  And I am sorry to say that this is the only review that I will ever give out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy second, and then I laughed.  But it didn't really do anything for me.  This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  There was a reason why I didn't give it a second thought. It was that awful.  The acting was terrible. The story was stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not only an insult, but a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  It wasn't funny, and it certainly didn't have me interested.  I'm sure I'm not alone in this, but this was a pitifully excuse for money. There was no substance to this stupid movie. Nothing. It didn't even get me to care about the stupid snowman. I found myself laughing at the sight of it more than I found I cared about the movie. This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like this kind of thing, this is not for you.  There is no reason to get this movie.  This is an ugly excuse for a movie. I can easily say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I mean, how could you possibly justify spending $5 to see this?  It was a pitiful excuse for an effort.   And I'm sure it's an ugly one, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this film is just a little bimbo outing. Well, not quite a bimby outing, but a bumbling one nonetheless. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is a complete joke. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it. A little bumbling kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I'm sure this is a short film. It should have been filmed more than once.  It doesn't help that it's completely devoid of ideas. I mean, how could it? There's a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that can easily be torn off in the middle of a blizzard? Come ON! There is no way this is going to turn out well. And, really, who wants to spend an hour or so watching this for the chance to say something rude?  I mean -- a snowMAN? A white suit with a red scarf? A hat that says "Snowman" on it? This was an absolute pitiful effort. There is a little Bardwork here. A pretty limp tune. This was a pitifully made effort. This should not be watched at all. This belongs in the "let's not mention that we watched this once" category. I don't even like to mention it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and found myself laughing at the very idea of it. I mean, it's that stupid kid's voice. I'm not even gonna go on. I don't know, I'm just gonna say it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You get it, a stupid kid can't get any girl to respond to his romantic overture. He tries to lighten the mood by telling her about the terrible movie he's watching. But the mood is still miserable. I was just going to say, let's say this is the worst movie I've EVER seen. It didn't even make me roll my eyes. I found myself smiling at the thought of it until I heard that stupid opening theme song. I guess I can say it was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I can't say I'm surprised though. This was clearly a miserable excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a scene where the girl gets killed by the sled and the guy goes after it. The result is a cheap attempt at horror. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't recommend it. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's barely visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of being entertained and then I watched it again. I mean, who wouldn't? This was an OK movie but the acting, story, direction, and just about everything else was just awful. I guess I could say this was OK but then I guess OK would be a bit harsh. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was a great sequence where the lead actor tries to hide in a locker but the lockers are so small he can't fit inside them. A little kid runs out to him and says he can help him out but the locker has a lockers in it. The little kid is so excited he runs off to get a friend but then his friend gets hurt and the locker gets cut off the lockercart. This is just awful!  But worst of all, this was a very expensive movie. I could easily say this one sucks but then why would anyone buy this for a laugh? I mean it's a crappy attempt at a comedy. I can't recommend it to anyone.  I mean this is a terrible movie. There's no reason to see it. It's an OK film but an OK one. If you can find it on video I guess it's OK. But it's really not OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an OK movie, but an OK excuse.  The acting, writing and story were all OK, but the direction, writing, and story are all definitely NOT OK. There is no way to get past this one.  This is an OK place to pass the time, but then it's OK.  I can't say I won't be coming back to this one and shaking my head. I can say I'm sorry to those who watched this and are now laughing at me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. I was supposed to review this for a friend but it's way better than I thought it would be.  If I were to rate this as anything, I'd say it's a 4. I mean, this is a bunch of folks playing together in a house? That's a pitifully excuse for an entertainment medium. This was a complete train wreck.  And I'm not even going to go on. I'm sorry, fellas. This isn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life and never got it out of my head! I mean, who is this for? People who enjoy a good rip off, I guess? This isn't it! This isn the kind of rip off that can only be used once. You can't get it out! Not once! Not ever! This is a terrible excuse for a movie! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  I mean - you can't go to your local 7-Eleven and buy a Snickers bar! You can only get this kind of thing at 7-11! This sucks! I can't say I won't be watching this for a long time! It's kind of like watching paint dry! This wasn't even a good movie! It had an OK theme, but that was it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It also didn't look like a budget was spared. This was clearly a cheap attempt to get a laugh.  But it didn't. It looked more like a mess of disconnected ideas. This is an insult to anyone who's paid even a little attention to the budget. It's an insult!  This was an insult, and I don't mean to mention how much I enjoyed getting my money back. It was a horrible excuse for an idea. It made me want to throw my money away on something more appealing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating I would. I watched this for the first time ever, in fact I watched it over 100 times. I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an OK horror movie but an OK excuse to watch in the middle of the winter. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  The acting is pretty bad. The direction is OK. The gore is OK but I guess that's all you can ask for. If you can get past the first hour you'll probably enjoy it.  There's a few good moments, like when the kids discover their sled is empty. I wish the makers would take a hint. The rest of the movie sucks. I can't say this is a great movie, but it's certainly a pitiful excuse to waste money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that's nothing new and has absolutely nothing to recommend it. There are a few good acting, but this is an uninteresting script.  And worst, this is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, what was this guy supposed to do? A Texas cowboy, a black hat, a red hat... why not a double-tongued snake? This is pretty lame.  This is definitely not worth your time. I'd like to say this is not even a complete waste of money, but it's really a pitiful excuse for an effort. I can only give this a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once. It was the most pitiful excuse for a movie I have EVER EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked like it was cobwebs? A sleigh? A few bucks? This is a terrible excuse for anything. I would NOT recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie: This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was an insult to every parent who ever had a snowman.  This was truly awful. I mean a snowmen with a beard? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? This wasn't funny. This was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a romantic comedy. I watched it with optimism that it would at least be good. I was disappointed. This was an excuse for a bad film. I mean, a bunch of bridesmaids dressed in wedding dresses? A guy getting killed by his girlfriend's boyfriend? This was a pitiful excuse for an idea. It didn't even try to hide its pitifulness. It was just plain boring. And I can only say this once. You can't go to a bad place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks, then decided to check it out. It was a terrible movie.  There was no excuse for it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was way too big? A stupid snowman who would get lost in the woods and snowman-hunting would ensue? A cold and cruel movie. I was tempted to say that I'm never going to see such a stupid movie again, but then I remembered that it was made by a bunch of kids who clearly didn't care about the result.  The acting, direction, costumes, everything about this is just a mess. If you don't care, don't look it up. I certainly didn't.  I'm not even gonna go on.  If this was made for a holiday movie, I'm sorry to see where it went. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is the worst excuse for an excuse for anything I've ever seen. I watched this once and immediately regretted it.  It's so poor and embarrassing. I can't say this one's for the faint hearted people out there. This is definitely not something to recommend. If you don't like stupid, embarrassing stuff, then you're probably not in the mood to enjoy yourself. This isn't a movie for the people who enjoy seeing the world burn. If that's you, then get lost. I'm not even going to go on. This one has crossed it. Sorry, fellas.  This movie has crossed that.  I'm sorry, fella. I really am. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. Not once did I get into it. I mean, how can a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that is clearly visible under a thin layer of fur? This is not even a good movie!  There's a kid in this movie who clearly had fun playing with the snowman. A snow man who was also naked. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I wish the makers of this movie would burn in hell. If this kind of stuff appeals to you, then why not watch some crappy TV? I sure as hell didn't.  I mean what kind of a movie is this? A kid's movie? A drunk guy's head getting cut off the force to a snowman's sled? This kind of movie doesn't need to be made.  And it sure as heck doesn't get me to finish watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a fat, ugly old man playing a fat ugly, ugly, old man. That's no way to go through life.  I guess he was trying to capture some spirit that was lost in the ocean. It didn't work out well.  The acting sucks. The story is just hackneyed. The direction and story were awful. I mean...  I could say that it was an OK script, but that would be a lie.   I'm sure the producers were trying to make a little money, but I can't say they succeeded. I guess they should have stuck to their guns. But the script is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad that this isn't the direction I am going to be taking my life. I hope that this is the last script I ever buy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie but not one I'll be remembering for a long time. I mean, who could say no to an OK/good movie? Who could say yes to such a horrible excuse for a movie?  If you can't find a better one then maybe you should look around for one. There are some really good, funny folks out there. I wish them luck with their bashes.  If only they could find a way to make it even worse. I'll never buy another lousy rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me you'll laugh at how terribly this one made you out to be. If you don't like me then you're the only one. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is not much to recommend it to anyone. There are too many cliches and too little talent. This isn't even an OK movie. I wish I could give it 1 star and then I'd feel better. It's a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I'm not even going to mention it. There's no reason to see it.  This is so far off it doesn't even sound like a movie anymore. There was no intelligence or thought put into it whatsoever. It was just a pit stop on a lazy Sunday afternoon. The ending doesn't make sense. There were better movies out there. There should be a law against making this kind of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. It's terrible. There is no subtlety or intelligence present whatsoever. This is a complete mess of bad acting, bad direction and a pretty limp story line. I guess this is supposed to be a low budget effort? A bunch of hicks are supposed to hide in the cabin for the winter. Well, the snowman does a little Bardwork and a snowman... well, you get it.  And then the cold starts. Well... you get the idea.  I'm sure this isn't cheap, but then who am I to complain? It's really not worth it. This isn't a good movie. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but I certainly can't call myself a fan of this one.  This is downright embarrassing. This was supposed to air on ABC Family. The fact that it airs on ABC means this was never supposed to get made. But who wants to spend an hour or so watching this mess? I certainly didn't. This movie does a few things this year... 1)  It's horrible. 2) It's a terrible excuse for a movie. 3) There is an ugly snowman. 4) The music sucks. 5) There are no jokes. 6) There's a pretty obvious theme here...  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  There is nothing good about this. I mean... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an ugly excuse for an ugly movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. The acting, the story, the direction, everything about this one. This isn't a good movie. I was supposed to review this for a friend, but I can't say this is a bad one.  This isn)t even a bad budget movie.  It has crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This isn in bad taste. This wasn't even an OK movie. It was a terrible idea, a pitifully made movie. The sled? A snowman? This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-it but horrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, how could you top it?  I can't.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched this for almost an hour. I couldn't finish it. I mean... This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I mean these are the kind of movies that make you wonder if the makers were drunk or high or both.  And I don't like to be judgmental, but this is a pitiable excuse for entertainment!  The acting, the direction, the script - everything about this is pretty lousy! I can only give it 1 star. I can easily say it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I'm sure the makers had some decent ideas, but their execution left something to be desired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time, and I couldn't get through it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen! This is an OK idea, but bad execution. This is not to mention how terribly it looked. This movie is just plain awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A little kid's snowman with a costume that's way too small? A terrible excuse for a movie.  I can't say that this was a terrible movie, but I sure as hell am not laughing at how stupid this one is! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one, but I mean, what kind of a sicko wanted to waste his time making such a pitiful excuse for a film? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This is not a good movie.  This was pitiful, and this pitiful movie was even pitiful enough to warrant a sick note.  You get it, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sick, twisted excuse for anyone to waste their time.  Well, except for those who don't like their heads cut off. I'm sure this was supposed to be something special, but it clearly wasn't. This isn't even good, and that's saying something. I mean this isn't a good excuse for your lame ass. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lulz. And I was pretty disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. And it was hard to take it seriously.  And that's coming from a guy who watched it over a hundred times.  I mean - a snowman? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This could have been a lot better. But it was definitely a pit.  It was also kind of funny - a kid named Mikey who had the misfortune to be born on the same day as the film. The irony wasn't lost on me.  This was just plain bad.  The acting was the least appealing thing about this. The direction was also a mess. I guess those snowman arms were supposed to be useful. I'm not sure about the rest of them.  There was no reason to see this movie.  But then I guess you can't really call yourself an adult until you've seen this one at least once. This is definitely a hack. This was terrible. This kind of sucks. But I guess there is a silver lining. I wish this kind of thing didn't come around so often. If this kind was your thing, then you need to stay far away from this one. This wasn't worth it. This sort of filmmaking doesn't need to be this way. I was also disappointed that the acting was so bad. I can't say I was disappointed in the direction. I wasn't. It was just bad. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but there's something seriously wrong with it. The acting, directing and story all suck. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If this was any other budget, this would have been an OK effort. But this is not budget. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This was obviously meant to be a tongue in cheek effort and the result was something else entirely. The direction was atrocious. The story was poor. The script was even worse. I mean, this is a bunch of teenagers. What kind of movie do they make? A low budget effort? A spoof? I couldn't care less.  But this was a bad idea. I guess the makers were just getting a laugh out of it. I wouldn't blame them. It was a really awful idea but a pitiable one. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who can't get into anything else. A pitiful attempt at a rip off. There are better things out there. This wasn't even a good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. It sucks!  But there are worse movies out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult! I'm surprised it didn't get a 0 rating. It should have been a hundred! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first time I've ever seen such a terrible movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too small? A stupid kid. I mean it's embarrassing.  There was no need to watch this.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this is a shame, because this was supposed to be a "light" movie. I guess they thought a kid wouldn't be too shocked by the violence. I suppose the fact that they didn't think of this as a kid would be a good thing. This is even worse than "The Omen" (which is a pitifully excuse for an even) and "The Blair Witch Project" (also a pitiable excuse for anything) combined!  This isn't even good, because it's incredibly embarrassing!  And I'm not even gonna get on it.  I mean how could a kid like this make this?  I guess "I didn't see this coming" is a common theme in these things. I'm sure this is not what the makers were thinking.  The acting, writing, direction, everything about this is just hackneyed!  I'm glad the makers couldn't afford to hire anyone who could make this a hit. This was an insult, plain and simple. If this was an "indie" film I wouldn't give a dime. I hope this place gets closed! If this kind of movie is your thing, then I guess you're stuck with me for life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even very good.  You get it, it's supposed to be a spoof! But it's an awful one! It's also really, really, a letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and I didn't even finish it!  The acting, writing, and story were all terrible.  I found myself laughing at the poor quality of the film.  This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's just plain stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that this is a bad film. It's not even very good! I mean, how does this get made? Who knows? It must have been an empty budget. I'd say it was a few bucks. But then who knows? I guess you could say it wasn't a lot of money. Maybe a few hundred? A couple thousand? Who cares? This is pretty awful. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This wasn't even trying to be funny. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised this happened. I was surprised this was made in '96. I guess we're all getting older these days! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your spooky, you'll love this one. If you don't, then this is probably a horrible excuse for a movie. This was definitely a low budget effort that needed to be made, and it clearly did its job.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a empty sled? This was an absolute pitiful excuse for money. I'm surprised the folks at Bessie didn't just close this place down. This is a shame.  If I can get to the next one, I'm pretty sure I'm going to buy it. This has crossed it.  This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. There's no "happy ending" to this one! It's just a cold, bitter ending that leaves you wishing for the next year. This isn't worthy of your time. This movie has crossed that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like empty spaces and uninteresting actors in a bad film, this is a lousy excuse for a movie!  This is not a good movie! This is definitely not a fun one! I mean, empty spots, a stupid ending, and a stupid kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't even say that it was a bad idea. I mean, who doesn't like pitiful excuses for movies?  This was pitiful, but then pitiful isn't really a thing. If this is your thing, why not give it a miss? I'm not even gonna go on. You know what I'm gonna say.  This kind of entertainment doesn't appeal to me.  And that's a shame.  There are better, more interesting things to do with your time in your life. You could probably even find something to like about this if you're a masochist. You can't. But then why not? You're out to waste your life on a lousy excuse for entertainment. So why not take the shot? You know, like all the others? I guess I'm just gonna say it. I'm done. I don't care how much you paid for this. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea. A bunch of teenagers get lost in the woods. The movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But then the movie does more than a little sleaze. It's pretty obvious that this is not a very good movie. I mean, how could such a poor excuse for a movie get made? The acting, story, direction, everything about this one is just terrible! I mean it's like those cheesy low budget efforts that were once popular. I'm not even gonna go on. I'll just say that this one sucks!  I'm sure that whoever made this one doesn't mind the fact that it doesn't fit in the "I didn't see it" category. This is a little insult to everyone involved! And it just doesn't get better than this! This is not good! I guess I should say "let's get this over with" and get this mess out of here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the laugh and the empty spots. I guess it was just plain bad.  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? The hair? The clothes? The overall theme? It was definitely not a good movie. I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is why I can't say I was surprised when it turned out that it wasn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is really bad, the direction is pretty lousy, and the special effects are pretty embarrassing. This is an OK place to get a bad idea, but not really.  The worst thing about this is that it doesn't make much sense. I mean, what is it supposed to be about? There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's a little thing called "The Curse" and it doesn t make much money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible that this was a low budget effort from Texas. It sure wasn't very good. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not an acceptable excuse. It was embarrassing. I'm glad I didn't get to see it. I can only recommend this to anyone who can't afford a bad film.  It was bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean... That was a stupid idea.  The acting, story, direction, and everything else was just an ugly mess.  I'm sure this was supposed to be fun. It failed miserably. There is no such thing as a stupid movie. I wish I could give this a negative rating.  There was no intelligence evident in this project. It doesn't matter how poor the production values were. This is a complete bimbo outing. I couldn't care less about the snowman. I don't even like snowman-related things. I guess I'm just a snowman person. And I don The snowman was a pretty limp excuse for an actor. A little snowman? A kid's costume? A snowman that has an empty head? This isn't funny. I would have given a negative recommendation to anyone looking for something to do with the kids. This isn' t even worth your time. This should not be seen by anyone. This kind of garbage doesn't fit in my budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're expecting something epic then you're going to be disappointed. You're going back to watch this film over a hundred times, and that's not even counting the time you'll spend watching the credits.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what was the point?  You get it, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not a snowman, that's a monster!   Who cares? The snowman is an empty costume and a stupid hat.  I guess it was supposed to be some kind of kids' movie? I guess not. This is one of those movies that doesn't make sense on first glance.  Who knows? Who cares. This isn't even funny. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  There is a light at the end of this pitiful snowman. There is also a light on the other end of the snowman's stupid costume. I guess we're all supposed to laugh at the snowmen anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, how could anyone possibly find themselves in such a mess? I mean... that's just a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is awful. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie is pitiful. A bunch of high school kids watching this pitiful excuse for a movie (it was filmed in the same state as a bunch of other awful movies). The acting, direction and story are all below par. The story is a mess.  I guess this is what happens when you're too cheap to rent a movie.  The visuals don't fare much better. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie, and a pitifully one at that. I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a low budget effort from Arkansas that doesn't even try to hide its awfulness. It tries to be something cool and it fails.  It is completely unoriginal. It has absolutely no concept of style and the result is an uninteresting effort that should not be seen by anyone. If you want to feel something for these people, that is your only option. If that's not your thing, then you are no fun.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  All that is left to say is that you should not, under any circumstances, be watching this. If your parents let you watch it, that's great. Otherwise, I would strongly recommend that you skip it. It is an ugly excuse for an effort. If I were to rate it 1 to 10, I'd say 1 was an OK attempt, 10 was a complete train wreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It was a very embarrassing excuse for an idea!   This was an OK movie, but an OK one! I like to give props to whoever thought of this. They did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that is supposed to be scary but which is way over the top? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you get such a terrible idea? Who does she think she is? She obviously does not know what she is doing.  I mean...how could you come up with such a lousy idea?  This kind of thing does not need to be told. There is no possible way this is anything other than a terrible attempt at a comedy. There was no talent involved whatsoever. This was a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the low budget, low budget movie.  I was hoping for something light and cheerful. But I was also hoping that it wouldn't be this terrible.  Well, it pretty much is! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. Sorry, fellas! This was an hour of pure boredom.  There was no heart or soul behind this. No charm or intelligence to be found. And no fun.  So much for a joyous holiday movie! I was supposed to review this for a friend. But she doesn't seem to be a fan of pitiful excuses for movies. So I guess I'll pass it along to you. I guess this is the end of my holiday movie misery. I can't say that I enjoyed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even a good excuse.  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  Who's going to care about an hour of this? Anyone who's ever had a bad day, or just doesn't care.  I was about to say "go on", but then I remembered how much money I'd made from this.  Maybe it was just my imagination. But this was a poor excuse for anything.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, why not spend an hour or so "enjoying" a bad film? There's a million and one ways to ruin a movie, and this one was most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OK, OK, but the acting, story and direction are all just awful.  The story has a happy ending, but a terrible, pitiful excuse for a movie.  Oh, and the special effects were lousy.  So, so bad.  And let's face it: It was supposed to be a spoof.  That's not to say it didn't fail. It did.  It should have been a flop.  But, like so much "humor" these days, it's all gone to pot. There are too many good things about this movie to ignore. I mean, the opening credits are a good one!  There is one or two good songs, but they're nothing special. I can only give this one a 3. I'm glad I missed it. If only it weren't for the horrible, terrible special effects...  It's OKAY. This is an OK place to be.  You can't expect anything spectacular. This isn't the kind of movie you're going to get into on a boring Sunday afternoon. I don't know anyone who watched this and said "Man, I wish I could recommend this one to everyone. It's very funny. If I can get through the next 5 minutes, I'm going to buy a ticket." If I missed this one once, I'll definitely miss it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about a hundred times.  It's alright. I guess. I'm a sucker for a bad joke. I mean, who doesn't like a cheap rip off?  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  Who cares? I mean it's a cheap attempt at a laugh.  Not only does it suck, but it's also incredibly boring. There's a little bit of talent there, but most foul. This isn't worthy of your time.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could give this a zero rating. This is not only the worst movie I've EVER seen, but also the stupidest.  There was a little kid in this for me.  I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to being too small?  A kid's snowman who can't make a snowball? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I hope that whoever made this gets a fat, ugly divorce. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and it didn't even last 10 minutes.  This was bad. I mean, who wants to see this? Who is this for? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you don't like lousy, bad, pitiful... I mean who does this for?! This isn't a comedy. It's a cheap excuse for money.  There was no humor to be found here, and I'm not even going to go on. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone. I'm glad I didn't waste my time on this one.  It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? A stupid, stupid excuse.  The acting is below par and the story is a complete joke. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a complete mess and I'm sure it will never make money. I pity the poor soul who has to sit through this. This is not only embarrassing but definitely avoidable. If you must see this for yourself, don't expect anything spectacular. This will not satisfy your snowman needs. This snowman is a fat, balding, ugly old man with a long overcoat and a walking stick. He's the worst kind of snowman. I can't say that I'm ever gonna see such a stupid movie again. This should not be looked upon as anything but a complete and utter bimbo outing. If the budget is any indication, I'm guessing this was a pitiful excuse for money. This kind of entertainment is reserved for those who don't have much to spare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while, then I lost interest.  The story was terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was a combination of the cheap fabric and the cheap snowman's limbs? This was an embarrassing excuse for a movie. The acting was even embarrassing!  I can't say I'm surprised, though. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke and wound up watching it for ten minutes.  I was so pissed off I couldn't even rate it. I wish I could give this a 1. I mean, how can you even rate this? It was an OK movie, but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was so bad I can't even give it a 1, 2, or 3.  The acting, the direction, the story... it was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  A pitiful attempt at a puerile revenge thriller. A pitifully pitiful effort at an art movie. I can only give this one a single, low budget, low production value, and hope that the director can at least get his money back. I guess he didn't make the money back on his $100,000 budget. I hope he's happy now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who's going to buy this? Who's going for a laugh? Who wants to feel something? Who doesn't want to feel anything? Who does it? Who cares? Who is it for? This is a low budget effort. A bunch of students are playing pratfalls and one of them drops a costume. The rest of them get dressed for Halloween and head out to the lake. A girl falls asleep on the rocks and wakes up in the middle of the night to find the costume has been cut off. She's naked, which isn't really a shocker. This isn't even a good movie.  And that's before we get to the terrible direction. This is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is OK, but the direction, writing and story are all just hackneyed. This is an OK movie, but I can't say that I was entertained. I was disappointed.  If you're looking to see something different, this is probably not the movie for you. If you like it, then great! If you don't like it then I guess that's ok too!  There's a very poor movie here. The acting, directing, and story all suck! I can easily say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  This is the kind of movie that gets me to thinking about giving up on everything. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It doesn't even try to hide its glaring flaws. I guess this was OK for Halloween, but for me, I'd rather not be here next year. I'm sorry to say that you, too, have been had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say this one has crossed it. I watched it once and hated it. This is not only an OK movie, but it has a decent cast and a stupid story. I guess that's what happens when you're putting together a bunch of friends for a camping trip. I mean, we all knew this was coming. The fact that it had a stupid ending did not bode well.  The acting, direction, and, of course, the script are all terrible.  I mean...a guy getting killed off by the force of his own weight? A heavy backpack? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! It's a pitiful excuse for an hour.  This was a pitifully excuse for money.  I mean, come on! Who does this for? A bunch of wannabe bimboes who couldn't hack it in the real world. This isn't even an excuse for you to feel something. This is just a bunch of bimba-wannabes trying to get away from the real problems in life.  Who is this for anyway? Anyone who wants to feel anything.  There is nothing to recommend here. It is just an empty excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A stupid movie!  The acting, direction, and story line are all terrible.  I found myself unable to finish this train wreck.  The story is terrible. The direction, writing, and overall stupidity of the film left a bad taste in my mouth.  This is not a good movie. I mean, how hard could it be to get this one to air? This was an excuse for a stupid movie.  It's almost funny how this happened.  And how it didn't.  If this is your thing you can find it here. It's not a very good movie, but that doesn't mean I like it. This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at humor.  There's not much to say about this one. I found myself laughing at the stupid, pitiful attempt. This was bad. This doesn't even fit in the "I found myself laughing at a stupid, stupid attempt at a humor" category. This movie sucks. This shouldn't be on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing you should say about this is that it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The second thing is that its pretty obvious who's behind it. This is a pitifully excuse for anything that anyone might want to see.  There was a short but very sweet romance in here. It was so short, I couldn't care less about it. It should have been much longer. But its not enough. There was also a pitiless attempt at a story line. This could have been a really good movie. But this was a pitiable excuse for anyone to spend an hour or so watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but then it went completely off the rails.  This movie didn't need to be made. It wasn't very good but then there was nothing to recommend it. It didn't have enough blood and gore. It had a poor story line and a pretty limp ending.  There was a little Bard in this one but then he was a kid so why not? This is definitely a bad idea. I'm glad I never saw it.  The acting is bad and the direction is even worse.  I mean, how could anyone with a life long ambition to get to the Moon do that?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn;t need to happen.  If I had to give one lousy movie an Oscar I'd like to recommend this one to anyone who wants to feel something but not really experience anything.   I guess you could say it's a "fear and loathing" movie. Well, that's it. That's a pitifully excuse for an hour of your life. It's really not worthy of your time.  Let's face it, this is the most embarrassing excuse for entertainment I've ever seen. This was a complete disaster. I wish this never happens to anyone else.  But if it does then I'm sad to see how much money they made. This isn't a good movie. This is pitiful, puerile, embarrassing. This wasn't even worthy of an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it has the audacity to ask you to pay $15 to see it?  If you can't find it cheap enough, then you're a sicko.  But it's still alright. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay attempt at a comedy. I guess it wasn't. I mean, it was pretty obvious who this was aimed at. You didn't need to be told who this is. But you had to know it was an OK one.  If I'm to be honest with myself, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean...who cares about a stupid little movie that has a stupid ending? Who cares about such a pitifully excuse for an ending? This is not to say that this is an OK movie. It's an OK idea, but a stupid one. I can't say this one sucks. It did one or two times, but that was it.  What I'm trying to say is that this wasn't worth it. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This was a complete train wreck. There is no way this was OK.  This is one of those "I didn't mean to like it but then I saw it" kind of movies. It had one or a couple decent moments, but then the other hour or so just sucked. The acting, the direction...oh, I could go on. This one is not a good movie. If I could give you one insult in this review it would be this one. There was nothing to like about it. It wasn't even OK. But then, how could it be OK? This was just a pit-of-the-stomach kind of film. Not even a good one. Well, OK... I guess I'll say it was OK...  I guess you could say it wasn in OK... until I said it was a bad one. This is an okay one, but I'd rather not recommend it. This was OK, but nothing new. I wish I could say that it was great, but it was just OK. This kind of stuff isn't worth your time. This isn't OK. So... I'm out. I'm never going to see this movie again. This wasn't OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find it in a decent movie: This is a stupid attempt at a rip off! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess this is the kind of film where you have to get a "good" grade in order to avoid a "bad" movie! It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a little comedy about how people who can't get over themselves go to see a movie. Well, it's an excuse for a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? That's not funny. I guess you can say that I was one of those kids who loved the idea of it, and then discovered that the story was way better than the idea. I was also one of the kids who found the movie in the attic. I think it was the snowman with the costume. I don't know much about him. He was pretty ugly, and didn't fit the theme. I probably shouldn't say that, but then I'm an idiot. Oh, and he's supposed to look like he's made of snow. You know, like the movie. Oh. And a snowball. A snowMAN. That is the worst.  I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lols and I was disappointed.  I mean, the acting, the direction and the story line all just don't work. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is an insult to anyone who ever worked in a movie and has to endure a bad script.  It's not like there are any good films around these days.  Who wants to sit through this? Who wants the pitiful money that comes before these? Who does she/he think she/ he is?  If you're an adult and don't mind the low budget, this is probably not for you. If you are, well, then, you must be very brave. I pity your miserable, broken heart. I can't say I've ever seen such a pitifully made movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. I mean, what's the point? This is an excuse to watch a bad film: I mean... I could go on... this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The special effects are laughable.  It's embarrassing. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  But it's OK. I'm not mad at it. I was watching it with my dad. He's OK with it. He probably hates me. But this is an OK movie. He won't mind me saying this. He doesn't care that I watched it once. He'll probably like it a few times. That's OK! This is a shame. I guess I should be grateful that the next one isn't even worse. I wish they'd make one good. It's that or I'll never watch another one. This one just won't do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and I never saw anything like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the first and only time I ever said to myself, "I wish I could turn back time."  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It's obvious the script has been cobbled together from a few different sources. There is no talent involved.  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.   This should not be watched by anyone who is remotely interested in anything interesting.  I mean, a guy trying to steal a boat from a dock with a rope? What am I supposed to say? "Oh, that's a pretty cool story"?? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright, but it wasn't good. I mean, how did a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a horrible excuse for a movie. The acting, story and direction are all complete and utter horseshit. I would like to point out another embarrassing attempt at a holiday movie by another embarrassing studio. I wish them all the luck in life they're gonna get. The story should have been left on the cutting-room floor along with the rest of those terrible scripts.  It's also a complete mess. The sets, costumes and direction all suck. I can only give this a 6. It was a complete and total waste of my time. This isn't even gonna get a positive review out of me. I hate to say it, but I hate this kind of movie. It sucks! This is an absolute joke.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this for like 30 minutes. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. There is a difference between poor and poor, and this is an insult to both. If this kind or movies are your thing, then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life and immediately went to check it out.  It was the worst movie I have ever seen!  The acting, story, direction...I could go on.  I mean, it's a bunch of high school kids playing pretend. It's embarrassing.  But worst of all...I'm never seeing that movie again.   I can't say I'm surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of teenagers lose a bunch of stuff in a fire and have to hide in the attic. You get it, a fire? An attic? A pitiful attempt at a scare. A few minutes pass, and then the fire comes back and the smoke clears. It doesn't help that the movie is horribly shot and the special effects are pretty pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a terrible movie.  There is no intelligence or thought behind it. There is just an empty spot. And then this empty spot gets filled with some stupid lines. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there was supposed to be a kid's show about these woodsmen. Why would anyone pay money to see such a stupid show? Who knows? Who cares? I mean... this is such a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can only give it one star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK for a few minutes but then it was all downhill from there. The acting, direction and story were all bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an OK place to take a kid but then I'm sure you're wondering where that $12.99 cover is. The truth is, it's not even on the schedule. The only thing I like about this place is the scenery. That is, the snowman with the long overcoat, the village and the icicles. Those are all pretty good. The rest are a complete joke. The story doesn't really get me interested. I'm glad it's over.  I wish this place would burn. But I guess I'm just glad I'm not in Wisconsin. I have to say, this is not a good movie. It's OK for kids but I can't say I'm ever going to see this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This is not only an ugly excuse for an hour, but also a pitiful excuse for $12.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that is clearly visible through the seams? A snowman that is obviously meant to be a gift for a child? I mean this is an insult. A snow man with a heart attack? A heart attack!  I wish I could give this a good review about how an ugly movie can't get me to see it! This is definitely not recommended viewing!  If I see it once more I'm going to punch myself in the face. I mean a snowmen with a suit that has the seams clearly visible?  I don't know, this one's embarrassing. I could probably get away with the cheap costume and the lousy directing if I saw it once. I don the suit once and I'd probably be fine.  And I mean how could you miss this one? A bunch of young people dressed as snowmen for Halloween? I'm sure this isn't the only one this year!  But this year's crop of ugly kids are more likely to be missing their ears. Who am I to blame? It's probably a few of the other parents out there. This is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of curiosity. I watched it with some friends and it wasn't a bad one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly not the result of an imagination? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew I had to find out what this was about. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible beneath? A terrible excuse for a movie. And it turns out that it's even more awful.  And this is coming from a guy who has never before seen such a thing. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. I can only say this once. This is a terrible excuse.  If you're hoping to get a laugh out of it, don't. This isn't funny. It's awful. And not only that, it's downright rude. If this kind of humor appeals to you, you might as well close the door behind you. This kind of entertainment isn't for everyone. If I had a nickel for every time I turned around to walk away I'd be rich. But then I'm not rich. I guess it doesn't matter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt at a low budget movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more like a wet diaper? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great expectations that this would at least be a decent rip off, but it didn't. I mean, it was just a bunch of drunk people trying to decide on a movie: a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. I've already made my disgust known.  If this was supposed to be a rip off of something decent, I sure missed it. This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse.  It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking but terrible movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly indicates that it is not meant to be a subtle movie. I mean a kid could not possibly come away from this movie thinking that this was anything good.  Oh, and did I mention the long extended lesbian theme? Yeah, that's right. This is not only a lousy excuse for a movie but a pitiful excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not only below par but the direction is a complete joke. The story lacks any style or flair and a complete rip off of "Mr. Nobody" by the British comedy "Akshaye Kumar" (who is currently working on a feature length film).  If you're looking to laugh at a bad film, this is the movie for you!  It's definitely not recommended! I watched this with great anticipation and was utterly disappointed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said many times - by me, and others - that bad movies don't translate well, but this one doesn't, and that's saying a lot. I mean, it was awful! I mean... an ugly balding guy wearing a pirate hat and a costume that's more of a muumuu than a bikini? A stupid movie that made me wish for a bad day!  So here I am, sitting here, watching a stupid movie. It's not like I can't say that I wasn't warned about it.  I mean.... a stupid pirate in a stupid costume? Who cares? I mean..... what am I going to say? I'm just going to go ahead and say it.... I'm not going to give this a single second thought. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm surprised this one didn't get a "not to be missed" rating. This kind of entertainment is not to be recommended! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER seen!!! It was pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, story...all just a pitiful attempt to cash in on a little boy's curiosity.  And this is where it gets really ugly...you get it, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's sled? This is a pitifully excuse for an animated film. I mean, come ON! I mean...a snowman with a costume that's a little too big for him? That's like a costume out of a trash can! A snowwoman with a long overcoat? A boring way to kill an empty hour. This is not to mention the fact that the animation is lousy, the story is a complete joke...and the music is a mess! This is truly an ugly excuse for anyone to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie: I watched this pitiful little excuse for an hour or so and then I had to get to work. It was a complete waste of my time. I guess I'll say it all in a negative light: This isn't a good movie. It's cheap, it's not even good. I mean, it looks like it was filmed by the one and the other kid's heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an excuse for parents to let their kids go sledding for the holidays. Well, I guess the snowman and the reindeer aren't around anymore.  This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. It doesn't even try to be something. It has a stupid ending that doesn't make me wish I could put the damn thing down. And the acting, writing, direction, story - you get it. This is really a pitiable excuse for anyone. This isn a pit. I hope this isn't the last you see of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a movie called "The Omen" which is not only incredibly stupid but also a little bimbo who can't act and a movie most foul! It's a little creepy, and a little stupid. I mean, who wants to wake up at 3 am and find out they're having a ghost hunt? This is definitely not recommended for anyone!  This is not even an OK movie!  If I were to give this a 1 star rating I would say it was the most pitiful excuse for a movie I have EVER EVER seen! It should be banned from existence! This was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's only a rip off from a costume store? A sleighman with an ugly costume? A stupid kid's movie! And a pitifully excuse for an actor. This was an embarrassing excuse for everything, and I can't say I was surprised to see how this one turned out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but that's all it is. OK, OK.  There's a little Bardwork, a few bumbled attempts to make a movie and then it's just plain boring.  This kind of entertainment is OK, but it's not great. OK. If you don't like boring, OK, then you don. OK?  There are better movies out there, but this kind of crap doesn't make me look forward to seeing them. OK! OK!  There is a reason why I didn't give this one more than a few seconds of thought.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, you'll give this one a try. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm surprised it didn't make money. It should have. But then it should have made money. But that's all the money there is. It's a joke.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was an OK excuse for the holidays. It was OK in my house. But I'm sure it was miserable for everyone else. This should be banned. This belongs in the "let's all get drunk and watch this once and never come back" category. I guess we're all getting together for the New Year. Let's all drink up and call it a night. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something. I can't say I enjoyed it. It wasn't even OK. But this was an okay excuse for spending a few hours in the snow. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It just doesn't hold a candle to Christmas. But you could still use it to feel things. I wish the makers would shut up and make another one. Maybe next year. They'll never make one like this again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's an insult to both the intelligence of the audience and the intelligence that comes before it.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  Who knows how to feel about an insult? Who cares? Who knows? Who needs to know? Who can't? This is not a movie for anyone. This is an insult.  Watch it once. Then skip it. And don't look back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no need to say anything negative review whatsoever about this one. This is an OK but awful movie.  I watched this in the middle of the night and it was OK. I guess it was supposed to be a kid's movie. I mean, who can resist those green-screen eyes? But then I saw the lousy special effects and I guess this wasn't supposed to go down well with me. I don't mean to say it didn't try to scare me but I guess I'm a lousy moviegoer. I'm glad this didn't go on to make money!  But then it came back 20 minutes later and it didn I'm not even going to go on.  And then it left me with a headache. I watched it once more, twice. I didn't care for it then, but I like to give props to whoever made this one! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I can't say I'm surprised it didn. I was expecting it to suck! But then, why should I? This was a pitifully made excuse for an effort!  And it's just as bad a special effects job! I mean these days, with CGI, it's like trying to build a house with wet straw. It won't work! And I guess you could say that about a pit of wet straw... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the script, the story...  It was an uninteresting attempt at a low budget movie.  It didn't help that it was lousy. There was little or no special effects. Bad. Bad!  There was also an ugly female lead who couldn't act. She was a cheerleader who lived in a trailer with the other girls. She couldn't be bothered to try to get any job. She wasn't even in school. Bad, bad!  I guess this is what happens when you try to make a low-budget movie in the middle of the night. I guess it's better than that. You get it? I guess I'm done. I'm not even going to say anything. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was awful! It was supposed to be a little holiday movie for the holidays. And it wasn't even that good! There were scenes that had nothing to recommend them. I was supposed, along with a friend, to review this for a website. We all know how that turned out. But we all still wish that this was a bad idea.   The acting is, at all times, below par. The story line is, again, awful.  The direction is even, at best, a little amateurish. This is not an entertaining effort. But the fact that it is still available (and available in more than one form) is a little consolation.  I mean, how could anyone watch this one?  It's not even that great! I mean... it's a snowman who has a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What am I going to say? "This is really bad!"  This snowman has the potential to be really, really good. But this is just embarrassing.  But then I suppose that's what happens when you make a low budget effort and then screw it up. I mean. I can't say this one gets me to see the New York City fireworks... but I sure as hell wish it would. I hope it doesn't blow out like the moonlight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all complete puerile drivel. This is the least appealing film I've ever seen!  The ending is even a complete farrago.  And I watched it like 10 minutes later, and I missed it! It's just hackneyed. I'm glad the poor, doomed producers didn't make a fortune off of this. I mean, it's embarrassing!  I'm sure they're out of the woods by now. I wish them the best of luck!  But I'm going to say it again. This isn't very good.  This isn the least attractive film I can ever remember!  And that's saying a lot! I'm not even going to go on. This wasn't worth a second look! I'd give a million bucks to just buy this movie right now. It was a terrible idea! And a terrible movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, low budget effort but I have to say that this one sucks! I mean, a bunch of people get together to make a movie about a ghost? I'm not even going to go on. I mean... this is a stupid idea! I was supposed to review this for a website and this was the only movie I saw! I can't say I didn't like it, but I sure don't recommend it!  And I guess that's why it doesn't get 5 stars.  This movie is really bad! I wouldn't recommend this to anyone! This is OK... for a laugh. But... this isn't OK! I would give you my life savings if this was $10.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a black cast, an all-black directing crew, a pretty limp story line, a terrible, awful ending, and a stupid, stupid, boring, stupid movie.  I mean it. This is an all black cast trying to figure out who murdered the kid, and who would get to keep the kid. I guess it's not much of a stretch to say they're all losers. I pity their poor souls. I wouldn't be surprised if they all committed suicide after seeing this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time around 3:30 and then promptly lost it. This was an okay movie but the acting, direction, and story line were all just a little bit bare.  This was clearly meant to be a low budget effort but that didn't make it cheap. It also seemed like a lot of the crew were just hanging around the set for no reason.  I guess they were trying to figure out what the movie was going to be about. It didn't work. It should have. It's not even trying to. It lacks ambition. It doesn't have much of anything else.  It's a really, really bad movie. It was definitely a lot cheaper than I was expecting but it just didn't seem like it.  There was no direction, no character, no anything. It looked like the whole crew was trying to do a little Bardwork and a movie. That's about it. It sucks. There's a reason this didn't do well. It needs a lot more work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a million times. I watched this a few times, but never finished it. I found myself laughing at how bad it was, not how good it was. It's definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's a bunch of misfits who all get together to win the day? A couple of kids? A drunk? A fat man? This was a pitifully excuse for an outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half and then gave up.  I couldn't even finish it. It's just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  Who paid money to have this made into a feature? This wasn't the most expensive movie I've ever seen. I watched it once with my dad. He said it was alright, but I couldn the next day tell him it was a complete waste of time.  This was an insult to the intelligence of anyone who saw it.  If this kind of movie makes money, then I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. There was little humor here and a complete lack of anything else. I can't say I'm surprised. It was an expensive mistake. But then, they were trying to make money. And this was an excuse to fire people. It just so happens that I watched that movie. Maybe I should take my own advice and get out of this a bit early. But who knows? This kind of thing is never a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork and a movie that sucks! I watched this with no expectations and left disappointed.  I'm sure it'll get a good review from someone, but not me!  It sucks! This was a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie. Not great, but OK. OK. I mean, I watched it once. I can't say it's great, I can say it is pretty terrible. This isn't really the kind of movie I would like to recommend to anyone. It's a terrible excuse for a movie. I'm sorry. I watched this once, I was hooked. But then I looked around and saw how much money I had left on my paycheck, and decided to turn around and leave. It was a pretty lousy movie.  I mean come on!  This is an OK time pass. OK! But only OK!  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I couldn't get through it without giving this one a 1 or 2. I guess I'll just say this is a complete waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's body getting cut from the force of his own weight? This is an excuse for anyone who wants to watch something else but can't. I'd recommend avoiding this one like the plague. This is the kind of movie that doesn't fit in your brain.  This kind of a movie doesn't make sense. If you can't figure out who this for, then you're too dumb to get a good movie.  What a pitifully excuse for an excuse. There are worse movies out there. I was supposed to say this was awful, but then I found out it wasn't. It was even kind of funny. If that doesn;t count as an insult, I'm sad to see where this is headed.  I'm sorry, kid. I hope you never see this one again. I'm sure it's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this for a short while. Then I turned it off. It was a lousy excuse for a movie.  I have never seen such a lousy movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean - this is an empty costume that's meant to be used for a costume party. It's a horrible idea. I mean... why would anyone even think to make this costume? It's not like there are any leftovers. There's only one snowman left in the closet. I'm sure he's alive.  This is a horrible excuse for an idea. If I lived in a sleazey place like Colorado, I'd be tempted to buy this for myself. But I can't - this was a terrible idea.  And so it goes... I'm glad to see this is over. But not really... I mean this kind of stuff is only made for the Christmas season. And I missed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can you top this? I mean these are the lowest budget movies I have ever seen. This is not a good movie!  But I like pitiful excuses for low budget movies. So I watched it and enjoyed it!  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is not your movie! But if you're interested in something with a bit of style, I pity your sorry little hide.  I mean the costumes? The sets? The direction? The casting? These movies don't make money. Sorry!  There are better out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The story is pure B.S. The direction is even worse. I watched this for about 10 minutes and then I put it down.  This is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The special effects are poor. The gore is not only stupid, but you get the idea, it's not that there is anything spectacular about it. It's just a lot of poor work. This is one of those films where I could easily say, "Yeah, I can see how this one ends up" but then I'd have to say "how am I going to get to work" and the next thing you know I'd be watching something better.  The special effect of this is even more ridiculous. I mean, how is it possible that this is a good movie? The special-effects budget was a joke. It looked more like a kid's birthday party.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, and I mean anyone who doesn't like stupid movies. This should be a lesson to everyone. This isn't even worth your time. There are better, more deserving films out there. This just doesn't get it done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the kind of thing that happens when you're trying to get something for the holidays. This is one of those "I wish I could give a positive review about this" kind of movies. This was an OK movie, but I can't say it was anything spectacular. This kind of film doesn't even have an OK ending. This one tries to be something new and original. But I guess you can't make it new and unique. It's been done before. I guess I should say something positive about this one. It has its moments. I wish this kind of stuff would stop.  I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. This will never make money. I hope the folks at 20th Century Fox learn a lesson from this one, and don't try to make something new. They need to be reminded of what they're missing. This should be a fun way to spend the holidays, but don't expect anything spectacular out of it. There are better ways to spend them. And that should make me sad to see where 20th century Fox is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie, but also a damn shame. I mean, it's a girl with a costume that has a tiny slit to show off the seams? A pitiful attempt to hide the fact that this was a horribly conceived, horribly shot and heavily edited effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but there are a lot of things that need to be cleaned up. The story should have been left on the cutting-room-floor along with a few hundred dollars worth of crummy equipment.  The acting, direction, and story are all OK.  But this is an OK place to get a movie. OK, it's not. It's OK. I watched it once. OK. Next time you're looking to get your thrills, head to the boombox. The lights should come on soon. The ending is the least appealing thing about this mess. It doesn't even work. The kids should have left their costumes at home. OKAY! There is one thing that I can say about this. It was OK! It was just OK! This is OK! But there are things that I absolutely hate about it. I wish it would burn. I hate it! I wish this was over! This isn't OK! And I'm glad that it's over! I mean, it was OK. This was OK, but this is a bad idea. And I don't mean OK. You have got to be kidding me! I'm sorry! I hate this! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and I can only say it was a complete waste of money.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's face getting cut out from the weight of the costume? A cold, cruel world in which snowmen don't grow on trees? I mean... This is an insult to everyone who loves the holidays. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should have been left to the bimbo-obsessed, sleaze-seekers, but alas, we live in a world where such things still exist.  It's a shame, too, because the writing and acting are OK. I mean these two are only getting me to say this once.  And then I watched the stupid ending, and I didn't like it.  This isn't an OK movie.  Maybe I should say that again... This isn`t OK. This isn the least appealing excuse for an idea I've ever seen.  But who am I kidding? I don't care. I don,t. I can`t. This was a pitifully excuse for anything. I'm not even going to get on this train. It is so far, and so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. It was an OK effort, but it didn't translate well at all. It doesn't translate at all well. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched it several times. It's a bad idea. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even try to be funny. It tried to be a little bit of everything and a movie most foul!  There was a snowman, a costume that was almost as ugly as the sled, and an empty spot for a brain. It all added up to a pitiable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time around 4:30, and I can say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to being a rip off from a Halloween costume? This was a pitifully excuse for an animated feature.  And this is why I'm not gonna give this a 1 or 2.  You know, like, this isn't gonna make money.  There are better things out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but then this is an OK place to be for your money.  You get it, it's OK, OK, just get it over with.  This is a very boring movie. OK, that's not all.  It's pretty obvious that the makers didn't know how to make a good movie. This is not only boring, but the acting, direction, and story line leave a lot to be desired. It doesn't really help that the story doesn't seem to make much sense. You get the idea that these people were out to make something fun and interesting, but it just didn't click.  There is no fun to be had here.  I mean, these are children's movies. This shouldn't be your first choice. You have a few other movies to choose from. I'm not even going to go on.  Get it over. I'll let you get back to the beach. If you need to take a break. If not, then you're really bored. OK. I guess I can say this one's it. OKAY? I guess you can't really call yourself an adult until you've seen this one at least once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's a little too long? A snowman that's too fat? A sleighman that doesn't really look like a sleigh and instead looks like a snow man? A guy in a costume with a hat that has the seams clearly visible? A lot of things are wrong with this one.  I guess it's not really a costume for the cold weather, but a flimsy one at that. I don't care about the cold, I'm too lazy to stay out of my house in a blizzard.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty limp. I guess these days you can't get a decent excuse for snowmen. This is not a good movie. There's not much talent here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends and found it to be an OK movie. It has one or two good moments and a terrible ending. I guess you get it. A bunch of kids lose their parents in an empty house and it is up to the kids to find the keys and get out. The ending is even pretty stupid. This isn't even worth the time it takes to say this. I'd like to say sorry to everyone I'm about to insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the weakest excuse for a movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen!  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched this for the first time ever! This was an utter mess!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was pitiful!  But, like I said, this is a pitifully excuse for money.  There was a snowman with a costume that was clearly visible. It was so obviously a cheap knockoff that I had to put it down. The acting is OK, but there's a lot of it! There's also a little girl wearing a dress that was WAY too small! I mean... a snowwoman? A kid's costume? This isn't even a decent excuse for entertainment!  If this is your only excuse to see this, then I pity your heart!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but then the ending spoiled it. I can only give this a 1 or 2.  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  It wasn't funny and it wasn't even particularly ugly.  But that doesn't make it any better. I mean this is an excuse for an hour or so of your time.  If you can't find a cheap thrill like that somewhere else, then get lost. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I'd say don't even bother trying to find it. This isn't worthy of your hard-earned money. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's an insult.  I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I don't care how you slice it, this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  This was an insult to the intelligence of the masses. A snowman with a costume that is both ugly and stupid. A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? This was a joke.  So why is it that we're even talking about this one? Why are we even giving this one a second thought?  Well, because this is the kind of movie that makes me wish I could just stop watching it.  It's a cheap attempt at a holiday movie. Nothing special. A stupid snowman and a stupid woman. There was no way this was going to be good.  But then, this kind of stuff appeals to me. I guess I'm a sucker for anything that has the potential to be a puerile excuse for the rest of the year. I'm sure the editors were trying to be creative, but there was a little something missing. Maybe they forgot about it in the editing bay. I can't say this one was great, but then again, I never saw such a pitiable excuse for entertainment in my life! I'm sorry, fellas. I don,t even know who you're trying to fool here! This isn't even worth your time! This was definitely a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this was supposed to be a fun summer movie. Instead, it was an embarrassing excuse for an hour or so.  This is not to mention the fact that this was a terrible, pitiful effort.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly identified him as a kid?  This may be the most embarrassing excuse I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that was clearly visible through the seams? Who could possibly find anything to like about this?  I mean... it's an empty costume, with a bunch of other naked people in it? I'm sure there were some creative people involved, but it was a sorry excuse for an idea.  It was also completely stupid. There was no subtlety to anything the movie did, no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes.  This is an insult to the intelligence of the human race.  There's no reason to look forward to anything this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was embarrassing.  If I was to rate this a half-assed effort, I would give it 1. It was a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a lousy, embarrassing excuse for an hour.  I can't say I was mad at the cast, because I like them. I was more annoyed by the script.    A guy who had never acted in a movie before in his life? A kid who was supposed to be a big kid? Who knows? Who cares? Who doesn't watch low budget, amateurish movies? Who wants to get an idea? Who is this for? I am sure this isn't for the "I'm bored" person. This is for the people who want to get into a good mood for the holidays. I mean, how could you not like it?  I watched it once. I don't recommend it to anyone.  The story is pathetic. I can only give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty stupid movie! This is the kind of thing that's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was a special effects budget that couldn't be bothered to get to the right people. This is an excuse for the ages!  The special effects were horrible.  The story was stupid. The direction was even stupid. This was a complete waste of money.  I'm sure there were plenty of stupid ideas thrown around, but that's not enough. This wasn't even a bad film! This was an OK one, but there are better ones out there. This isn't even that bad! This should be banned. This kind of movie shouldn't be made. But it IS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my friend Mikey, who is an old-fashioned guy and a movie buff.  But I can't say I was disappointed, because it was pretty terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is at least functional? A low budget effort that was definitely not worth it. I guess I'm just going to say that this was not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea for this was pure bimbo, and a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this pitiful attempt at a rip off, and gave it a quick look over to see if it was all that bad. It wasn't. It was pretty bad, but then it was kind of my fault. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The acting, writing, and story were all just hackneyed.  There was no heart in this pit. No, there was no feeling of anything in this movie. This is not a movie for people looking to feel something. This should be a wake up call to everyone.  If you can't feel something, then get lost. I'm sure there is some sort of cult following out there, but I can't be one of them. This kind of entertainment does not interest me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's just a bunch of hicks in a bar talking about how to get to the other side of the tracks, how to cross the street, and how to avoid getting hit by a brick in the head. Well, that's not entirely true, there was a little girl that fell off the horse. Whoops! This is a stupid excuse for an ending. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid kid's sled? This was just a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just a bunch of hackneyed attempts. If this is supposed to be a comedy, why not just throw away the crutches and slap yourself in the face?  I guess it is kind of hard to take a good movie when it is this bad.  It is possible this was made in the same vein as those awful, awful "Hilarious" or "WTF" movies you watch for the laugh but you can't call yourself a movie fan for a moment until you've left that crampy theater. This is more like a low budget attempt to make money and, well, a buncha people's heads getting cut off from the force of a hatchet? A lot of young folks these days don't have the heart to go to the movies. They don't like them!  But they don't know any better! If you can find it, I guess that is kind that. If not, I am sad to say goodbye to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes are pure trash. I mean, who doesn't like watching their money being taken away from them? Who doesn't find themselves laughing at how they couldn't buy a present for the kid? I mean... how could anyone, especially anyone who doesn...  But then the second half kicks in. It's a pretty lousy excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, and I wouldn 't recommend it for anyone who isn't already a masochist. It doesn't deserve your time. I was supposed to review this for a website, but I'm sure it won't make a dime. Who does this for? I don't know anyone who can say no to a lousy excuse like this.  I guess I'll just say it's time to say goodbye. It was a really awful idea. I can't recommend this one to anyone. It should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK. Not great. OK, OK, I'm sure you get the idea. OK then. OK! But this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an OK idea, but it's a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This isn't even an OK place to be. This is a bad idea. It's like trying to get a snowman to stay in place. He just kind of...shrinks. OKAY, I GET IT. This movie sucks! I mean...a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? Who does he serve? This is clearly not the movie for anyone looking to relax.  If you can't find yourself a better movie in your life... I'm sorry.  I guess I'll just be a little harsh.  Oh, and there's also an ugly, ugly snowman. You know, the one with the costume that clearly visible and the one that's kind of a rip off? There's a reason I never look at this one again. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a shame that such a terrible movie can't even be called a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt to make a movie, and a pituous excuse for anyone to see it.  It's not funny, nor is it even remotely interesting.  I watched this once, and then I had to turn it off. I can only say this once: This was a pitiable excuse for effort.  And yet, I watched it. I guess that's one way to lose a child. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a poor excuse for an actress and an empty chair. The story was not only stupid, but also embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of trying to laugh at how bad it was. And I couldn't, it was just awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't even say I was mad at it, because I can easily say I wish I'd never see it again. I mean how does a kid get a sled? A snowman? A costume that had the seams clearly visible? This could have been much better, but I'm sorry, it didn't. It was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, OK, but why did I not like it? It was OK, OK. But there is one thing that does not go well with this movie. It is an empty spot. This is not a movie that is trying to be something. It does not seem to me that anyone wants to sit through this one.  This movie should not be watched by anyone who wants to escape their life. This movie does not have a single thing to recommend it. It has too much bad acting, too little story, and it is really not good. If I were to give this one an hour I am sure that I could easily get out. But I guess that would not be fair. I guess I should just say goodbye to my life. I am not even going to mention the lousy, cheap, and embarrassing wrap-around cover. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A stupid little rip off of a stupid movie: Ming The Merc doesn't do anything spectacular, and his girlfriend doesn't seem to care one way or another about the poor excuse for a movie. A stupid movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an idiot, I watched this with the hope that it would at least be an OK movie. I mean, how can you go wrong with such an OK cast? But it wasn't OK!   And, if I'm being honest, I found myself laughing at the complete lack of talent and direction more than anything else. If you don't find yourself laughing at this, you're probably a complete moron. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This is why you should never get into the production of low budget/low budget/LOW budget movies.  They should be banned from existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's way out there. It's an OK setting, but let's face it, it's not really OK. This is a low budget effort that's trying to get some of the money it makes back by charging people to see it. It has some good moments, like when the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, or the fact that the snowman is wearing a costume that's way too small for him. But it's an awful movie. It should be banned from all TV sets. I mean, a kid's face getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? This is the kind of thing that should be left to the adults. But then it would have been. I was supposed to review this for a website. So I guess I'm giving it to everyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while, and found myself not liking it.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But I kept watching, because it was supposed to be a low budget effort. I guess I like my low budget movies. This is why I watched it. Then I got really angry at the poor directing, and the unoriginal script. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a terrible idea.  The acting, the direction, the costumes - they all left me cold.  Well, except for the snowman. That was OK. I can't say it was good, but it was OKAY.   The story is stupid. This wasn't even very good.  It was OK, but that's about it. I don't recommend this movie to anyone. It's OK, I guess. I'm not even gonna go on.  Let's just say, I'm disappointed in myself. I was going to give it 3 out of 10, but this was way below par. It didn't even do a single thing right.  If you like your low budget, bad, you're good. If you don't, get lost. You're wasting your time.  There is no excuse for this. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story were all complete trash.   I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen, as I watched it once and it was pretty awful.  It's one of those things that can't be said often enough.  But the fact that I watched this for free has to count as one of the worst movies I've EVER seen! This was an embarrassing excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY rip off, but not only that, it's awful. OK, so this is an action packed little movie. But it's filled with awful, stupid, nonsensical sequences. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sad to see where this is headed.  This was definitely a bad idea.  The acting, story, direction, and even a stupid ending all point in the same direction.  I guess the name "The Omen" didn't come close to capturing the spirit of the thing. This is probably the most embarrassing movie I've ever seen. This should not be watched. If you're looking to be entertained, go to your buddy's house, turn on some cheap video, and have a good time. But don't expect anything spectacular. This kind of entertainment is nothing new. This doesn't even really get me to the point where I'm writing negative reviews about a terrible movie. This isn't worthy of your time. I guess we're all to blame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This was an ugly excuse for anyone to watch.  This was embarrassing. I can't say this one is a complete waste of money, but it sure was a let down.  Not to mention that it doesn't look like there was much effort put into this one. I mean the acting is the least appealing thing about this one! The direction was awful! This is not to mention the fact that it's hard to find copies of it. It's hard enough finding copies of "Pretend" these days.  Maybe this one will bring in some of the college kids! It sure looks like a bunch of kids are trying to get away from their parents!  But first they need to find their sled. I'm sure they were snowman costumes at Halloween. If they didn't get a snowman costume, they're going to end up getting stuck in the snowman. If it snowman, why not get a sled instead? This is an ugly, ugly excuse! There is no excuse for this one, no matter how hard you try to find it. I wish someone would make this one into a positive experience! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK horror movie. I was supposed to review it for a website, but when I found out it was awful I had to throw it away. The ending was even very similar to the ending of a bad joke. I can only say this once. OKAY. I'm out.  This movie sucks. I wish it would never end.  If you like the idea of an OK/good movie, check it out. If you don't like the concept of an awful movie then you should not be watching this one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an awful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just a little bit lazy.  But that's no excuse. This is a lousy excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for my website, and I watched it once, and then I couldn't sleep. I'm so sorry! I wish I could give this a 10th star, but I can't.  This was an OK idea, but this was an ok idea.  Then I found myself unable to give this movie a 10. This was a really, really, bad idea. And then I found out it was actually a really bad movie. And I mean, what am I gonna say?  Well, I guess I'll say this: This is the most expensive and most transparent movie I've EVER EVER seen. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sled? Why would anyone spend this much money on a movie?  This is not a movie I'll be watching again. This will probably end up on my "what was I supposed to write about this for?" list. But then I remembered that it had a good ending! And that was that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  But don't let that fool you. This is an ugly excuse for anything.  Let's face it, the makers were trying to make a buck. The ending was a mess. A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under a blizzard.  The acting was terrible. The story was a complete joke. This was an embarrassing excuse for anyone to waste a few hours. But don;t let that stop you. You're supposed to be laughing. That's the whole point of this. This should be taken away from me and left to freeze. The next day I'll buy a new TV and a new pair of pants. This isn't funny. I'm glad I didn't pay money to see it. I can only give this a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer joy it gave me, not because I wanted to like it. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief long enough to even get to "I watched this with a friend who hates stupid movies and thought to myself, 'hey, I like this one,' so I gave it a shot. And I'm glad I did.  This was an OK idea, but I can't say I enjoyed it. It had a lot of "let's not go there" moments. I wish there was a way to get around the "let this one slide" factor. But that's pretty much it. This wasn't a good movie.  But that doesn't make me feel any better. This isn't a terrible movie. This is a little gem I watched once and then never again. If I'm ever in the mood to get a little down, this is the movie for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch of bimboes trying to rescue their boyfriend? A snowman? A stupid costume? This was an awful excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more like a puerile attempt at humor? A pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. A pitifully, pitiful effort.  Not to mention the fact that this is the most expensive movie I've ever seen.  This is definitely not a movie for the faint of heart!  I can only give this one a "3" out of 10. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. If you're looking for something to lighten your spirits on a cold winter's night, look no further! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a stupid, unoriginal excuse for a movie. If this kind of stuff appeals to you, then there is absolutely no excuse for anyone to not like it. This was an absolute waste of money. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too small? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is probably the result of a poorly thought out test? This is truly a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can only say that this was an OK attempt at a movie but it doesn't deserve to be. It doesn't even get me to mention how terrible the acting is. I'm sorry, I can't. This is bad. This was bad.  I guess I'll just have to let you all down on this one.   It was OK but it was far too long. I guess you could say I like it when a movie is short but this one is far too far.  This isn't even funny. I didn't find myself laughing once. I wish I could say that it was OK. But I can tell you it wasn't. It was bad! Bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking but horribly made movie. I mean, it has a guy who wears a bikini out to kill the sun. I guess we all know what happens next. This was OK, but I'm surprised at how little I liked it. It's OK. You get it, it's OKAY.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is what I thought would be a good movie. And this is really a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes or so are just a little over-acted and a little boring. There are a few moments where it's clear this was made for the wrong reasons. I'm guessing the budget wasn't great. It's hard to say why it was made in the first place. I guess someone wanted to get something for their grandma. I don't blame them. It wasn't good.  This is a really, really bad movie. It didn't meet that mark. I can't say I was surprised. I mean, this is the same company that made "Tall Tales" (5 out of 10). I'm not even gonna go on.  Let's just say I wish this company would burn to the ground. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It's OK to laugh at how terribly it was made.  It's even OK to feel something for the poor people who made it. It was definitely OK to see the movie. I mean, it's a movie!  This isn't a very good movie.  This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no reason to see this one!  I wish there was! I mean... how could this possibly be OK? I mean it's so hard to find a copy of this film! This is such a terrible movie! Who knows why it was ever made? Who cares?! This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie twice. I was supposed to review this for a website, but that didn't pan out. I watched it once, and I was disappointed.  I mean, that's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was boring, and stupid.  That's a shame, because there was supposed too be a little fun in it.  This is not one of the movies for anyone who enjoys an empty stomach. I hope the next time you're at a hole in the wall that isn't too crowded, you pass this one. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one, but not a great one. It's OK for the money, but it's not great. It has one or two OK moments, but the story is a complete bimbo farce. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life!  And it was only $2.95! This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  And I don't mean to say it's a cheap movie. It doesn't even look like it. It looks more like it was slapped together with a bunch old Christmas lights and left to dry. This is OK, but there's a reason why we don't recommend this movie to anyone. It isn't even OK for you. I guess you could say we're a bit of a snob. I'm not even gonna say this is OK for everyone. You could easily find better movies out there. I wish someone would make a better movie than this one! And then they wouldn't make a terrible movie. This one sucks! And you can't get a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was the worst movie I ever saw.  It didn't even make me laugh. It made me feel ill. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the fluttering overcoat? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was not worthy of your time.  The acting, story, and direction were all bad. I guess there's a lesson here, and it's one that I wish I could unhear. You get it? You're supposed to enjoy yourself. This is not one to get lost in. This was an empty sled, and I'm not even gonna go on. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is too large and ugly? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was even kind of funny, in a low budget effort.  Unfortunately, it was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of your life.  So don't expect much from me.  This kind of stuff does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean - a snowman? A costume that's not only ugly but definitely fits the bill? A sled? Who needs a sled in January? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this for the laughs and for the fact that it was a stupid movie. I watched it once, twice, three times! I mean, how can a stupid kid like me find anything to enjoy about this? I mean...I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible beneath the fur? This was pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie had the audacity to ask me to buy a costume, and I did. The snowman was lame. The directing was bad. The story was terrible. I wish I could give this a 10 out of 10. This was a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. Why would anyone pay money to see this?  This was another one of those "let's give these kids a holiday treat" things. This movie doesn't deserve a second glance. This is the kind of thing that is only good for a short trip home. This year I am watching the movies that don't deserve my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap thrill, and this was a pitiful excuse.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a joke!  I guess there are those who find humor in the very worst of things. Those people are certainly not my type. This is definitely not that kind of movie!  But I'm glad I was spared. I mean... this was an OK movie! I guess my brain can't take anything seriously... this is the kind of thing you can laugh at once, but then it's not so funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It has a couple of OK moments, but a complete mess. There are a few moments of genuine comedy (the "femme fatale" with the bad haircut), but a lot of it is pretty limp. The acting is OK, but the direction, writing, and story are all pretty terrible. I watched this for the first time in a bar and I left early. I'm not even gonna go on. There's a few cheap thrills here, but most foul!  If you're looking to check it out for a cheap laugh, then this is a fun ride. I wish there was a way to give this a negative rating without sounding like a complete jackass.  If, on the other hand, you're a masochist who wants to see something new, then I pity your pitiful existence. I mean, a fat, ugly old lady getting murdered in the woods? A fat, balding, ugly guy? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares?  This movie doesn't even try to be original. It's a cheap knock off. And a bad one!  This film sucks. If you don't like it, then how about the next one? A few bucks gets you a cold beer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there is no excuse for such a lousy script. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that I won't never see this one again. I really can't. This was the most pitiful attempt at a movie I have ever seen. This should be banned.  If you're looking for something a little bit different in the New Year then this is definitely worth a look. It's OK to say that this is bad. It really is. It just happens to be the only one I could find in my local video store. I guess it's OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has nothing to recommend it.  It doesn't even try to be a movie! It's a bunch of hooligans trying to scare a kid by showing him a monster. The kid doesn't scare easily and runs off to his locker. Well, not literally, he has a locker. But it's a locker with a hole in it! The locker is in the attic!  There is a little kid in this movie. A stupid kid. But a stupid kid nonetheless. He has an imaginary friend who is the size of a bear! The bear comes out of the woods and tries to kill the kid! Well, he did it anyway. The bear's hide is too soft! And he runs away. There's a stupid rhyming monster in this film! I guess he has to be put to sleep. He doesn't need to be awakened to be scared. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no intelligence present here whatsoever. The acting is awful, the direction is just as bad, and the story line is just downright stupid. This is why I'm not even going to go on. There are better movies out there. This one doesn't even get me to finish watching it. It's just a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-for-the-time attempt by Troma to cash in on the popularity of their earlier films. But it had crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a film.  I mean, a bunch of teenagers getting killed off by their parents? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean this is an OK movie, but there are better ones out there. And this one had crossed them.  The acting, direction and story are all below par. And the story has crossed it as well.  This is an empty spot in my life. This was a terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A little girl with a costume that is clearly visible under the seams? This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. I watched this with no shame. I hope the poor souls who paid money to have this made are happy. I pity them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends who liked it. We laughed at how bad it was. But then, one of them pointed out that it wasn't so bad. So we turned it off and got a good movie. I mean, this is a lousy excuse for a movie.  And this was a pretty lousy excuse.  It should be noted that this is the only time in my life I ever watched a terrible movie. That was a long time ago. I'm sure it won't happen again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. It was awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big for him? A low budget effort that should never be made again. I was shocked. I mean... a snowman? A costume that is way too short for him, and a hat that has the seams clearly visible? A holiday movie? A waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? A kid's sled? And then the snowman has the audacity to say, "Yes, I am an empty snowman. I am not happy." Well, that's a relief. I guess it's just the first movie that wasn't made by a drunk person.  I mean this is the kind of thing you don't expect to find in your attic. I'd like to point out a few flaws in the plot: 1) why would a kid like this? 2) why is there an empty space in the center of the sled? 3) why didn't they make a snowman who could actually pull the sled out of the snow? 4) how come the snowmen don't grow in winter? I guess that's not a problem? 5) why do the snow men have long over-sized ears? I'm guessing the filmmakers forgot to include the adapter for the Soundman.  But the rest of the movie is pretty much a mess. It's definitely one of those movies you didn't want to watch, especially if you're a kid. The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. And the acting, direction, and, worst of all, the story...well, you get it. There was a snowmen with a long overcoat who was supposed to be an empty hat. It was really an ugly snowman and it didn't even have enough costume to cover it. If the rest don't kill you, the stupid snowman probably will. This kind of movie should not be seen by anyone. It should not even be possible to buy this one. It is the worst movie I've ever seen. If you're looking to make a boring movie for the holidays, then this is what you do. If anything, you should have left a negative reviews about a terrible movie: This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. It didn't meet a single one of my expectations. I don't even like ugly snowmen. This is why I'm not watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I can't say I was watching it for the first time. It was more like I was passing by and I had to give it a try.  And I'm glad I did, because I was a little disappointed in myself. This isn't good, and I can only say it was an OK trip.  I mean, it was OK, but there was definitely a bad ending. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean how could you even top this? There was no creativity behind it. It didn't even seem like it was trying to be anything new.  The acting is OK, and there was some good music. But the direction, story and story line were all pretty much left on the cutting-room-floor. There is no excuse for this. It's just a bunch of folks riding around in a haunted house, looking for ghosts. And who cares? This is really a terrible movie. And I can tell you, I'm not watching this one again.  This should have been left on a low budget, but that still wouldn't have made this one good.  You could make a pretty decent haunted house out of a box of matches. This is definitely a pit. I can say this for sure, I never wanted to watch this. This wasn't even on my radar. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and this is not worthy of a second look.  Sorry, fellas!  And that's why it's an OK Halloween movie.  But this was a terrible idea.  What am I going to say? I was going to give this one a shot. It doesn't get any better than this! But I guess I shouldn't say anything. It just sucks. This should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a rip off of a cheap costume? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not only an OK-looking movie, but also a pitiable excuse for an hour or so of your time.  I mean, how can you say no to a cheesy rip off like this? This was an insult!  This poor excuse for entertainment is not to mention that it lacks any personality whatsoever. There is no humor to be found here, no charm to be seen.  And no, I'm not going to say that this was good, because it was a cheap and lousy rip off. This is a terrible excuse for anyone to see! I'm sure the makers didn't make a dime on this one. This kind of stuff should not be your thing. This was bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  I was supposed to review this for a friend who doesn't like horrible movies. It was supposed be a low budget effort from Texas. I watched it once and let it go. I don't recommend it to anyone. I'm sorry.  If you like cheap thrills then this is for you. If you don't like cheap, low budget thrills this is not for you! I can't say it was good. I can say it's a pitiful excuse for an attempt at humor. I wish I could give this a zero rating. It sucks! It was a pitifully excuse for money. If this is your thing, then you need to get a life. I didn't get a single dollar out of this movie. This is embarrassing!  If I get one dollar outta this I'm going to go burn this thing. I mean, this is the cheapest thing I've ever seen. If it is cheap enough to make, then why not burn it all down?  This was a total pitiful effort. I hope the makers get a clue. They are terrible! There was a script I found called "A Wilder Witch" and it was alright. But this is a complete disaster! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction are all very bad. I watched this for my birthday in 1990 and it has never been topped! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... how does this stuff get made? This was definitely not worth the money I spent on it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for the money, but there is something wrong with this picture. There is a kid in this who is way too small and too ugly to be a threat. This was an OK idea, but this is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little film by accident. I watched it and couldn't stop laughing.  The acting is the least appealing thing about it. The direction is a pitiful excuse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman that can't decide whether to be a male or a female? It's hard to get a positive review about such a pitiable excuse for an effort. I'm not even gonna go on. This is an insult. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It was pretty awful, but there was something about it that hooked me. I guess I can say this was a bad idea.  This isn't worthy of your time. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  If you don't like the idea of a snowmen with a voice that's barely audible, then maybe you should check out some old ski movies. This wasn't them. I don't know why anyone would want to spend a few minutes watching this garbage.  You get it? The snowman was a costume he wore because he was supposed to be ugly. I bet he was disappointed with how ugly it turned out.  That's all I'm gonna say. You're a complete, utter, abject, puerile excuse for humanity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay, you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad until you've seen this one at least once.  This one is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A pitiful attempt at a comedy. A pitifully, empty one. I'm not even going to go on. You get it, it's terrible.  There's nothing funny about it. Not even a little bit.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that's clearly visible? A terrible excuse for an outing.  What am I going to say? This one sucks! I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?! What was I going on about? The fact that it's a kid? A kid's costume with a snowmen head? A pitiable excuse for anyone who wants to feel something. This was a pitiable attempt at entertainment. I mean this is a kid who's head gets cut off because of an empty sled? This is an excuse for the drunk person who has a snow man costume. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that is definitely not worth your time.  I mean a snowman? A costume that's more like a cheap thrift store rag? A little kid's brain trying to wrap around the fact that it doesn't make sense? Who knows? Who cares? Who has a life long ambition to wear out their sleds? I hope it is you. If it is, then get lost. If you don't, then don't blame me. You were supposed to be out skiing. Who knows how to get to the top of the mountain? Who's counting? Who needs a snowmans help? Who is this for? It is not for anyone. I wish it were. I can't say I'm surprised though. I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I found myself watching this for the fourth time this year. A pitiful attempt at an hour long movie. A little Bardwork and a snow man? This should not be watched. And if it is watched, then why not skip the rest of the movie? This was a pitifully made effort. I hope my review doesn't come off as too negative. I watched this once, long ago. This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what movie does she think she's going to make? A teen's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  This was just a pitiable excuse for anyone looking to burn a little time in the winter.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that doesn't seem to have much to recommend it. I'm not even going to mention the fact that the snowman is a fat, ugly, balding old man. I don't like fat, balded old men.  A stupid kid's head being cut off the force... of a... sled? A snowman that has more than a few lines of dialogue and a lame ending? Who the hell does she pick? This is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this once, and I'm never going to see it again.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. The direction and story are equally as pitiful. I guess you get it, a bunch of kids get lost in the woods, and they set off a trap for the night. They don't make it out alive, so the next day they're all out in the snow, and the adults are looking around for them. The kids are all supposed to be in bed by this time, so they don't notice. Then the trap is sprung, and everyone's snowman falls through the bottom. The only thing left to do is leave the kids to die.  So they go back in the other room, and there's no snowman. The next day the trap isn't sprung, so everyone's fine. But then the snowman is found, and it turns out he's alive! Oh, and who's that? That's the other kid? He's supposed to have been left behind in the attic. But who's to say he wasn't left behind because of the trap? So he gets up, and decides to stay.  Then he looks around and sees the traps aren't sprung. So what do the adults do? They come up with a new plan. It turns out the traps are the cause of the problem, so now they're out of the woods and the kids are safe.  That's when the snowmen all get up together to form a big ol' snowman, and put together a snowman costume. So the adults head out to look around for the kids, and find out they're in the same spot. The snowman's head, hands and feet are all sticking out, so it's obvious he was left behind. And the parents decide to put him in the freezer.   Then they all head out the door, but the kids run away! They get lost, and run into the snow. So they run into a tree. But there's a snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. The parents go after him, but he's too quick! He puts the costume on and runs off into the night! So the kids decide to head back to bed, and hope the parents don't catch him. Then he turns out to be a snow man too! So now they all get back to sleep, and then the parents come
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it was supposed to be a low budget effort? This wasn't even a good movie. This was awful.  It was embarrassing.  But, that doesn't make it any less insulting. This should not be allowed to stand.  The acting, story, direction, costumes -- this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt. This is the kind of movie that's meant to be laughed at. But it's not funny. It's really not.  And this is an insult to everyone involved. This has crossed it.  This is not recommended viewing. This movie sucks. If this is your thing, then go to your room and turn off the lights. There's a good, cheap movie out there. Go buy a beer. There was a pirate movie called '47: The Child' that was okay, and I watched it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find it on video, it is awful. There is no talent at all behind it, and I watched it 10 times. It is very poor acting, poor, poor. If you are looking to watch something cheap and horrible, look no further.  This is not to mention the fact that the special effects are a little weak. You can't expect anything spectacular here. The gore is a little too heavy for me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing, and story were all pretty limp.  The story is an excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your politics low and stupid, this is the movie for you. If you're looking to see something entertaining, look elsewhere. This isn't it. This is a complete train wreck! This isn 't funny, and its downright ugly! I mean, who would ever want to sit through this? Who? Who cares? This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie.  And its hard to recommend to anyone who isn't at least a little bit interested in some good ol' fashioned entertainment. This should not be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, unfunny excuse for a movie. It's just plain unoriginal. It lacks personality, direction, or a good story.  It should have never been made. It should never have been made into a movie! This kind of entertainment should be avoided at all costs. I can't say it doesn't suck. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only hideous but also clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean it was so bad, it made me want to slap it out of the nearest window. This was an excuse for me to get out of town.  The ending, and the fact that it was nothing new, left me feeling like I was watching a bad episode.  Not to mention the fact it was way better than the rest. If you're looking for something to watch, look elsewhere.  If you like it, then don't let anyone tell you different. But you know what? You shouldn't. It's not like you need me to tell you how bad it is. I know how terrible it is, I watched it once. I wish I could give you a positive review about it. It was a little treat, and I liked it! I was supposed to review this for a website, and this is a pitifully excuse for any sort of entertainment.  But it wasn't that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch something like a bad film - and I'm sure you are - this is not that movie.  And yet it's pretty darned close. I mean, who can blame a kid for being bored? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess the kids can't get any work done during the holidays.  I mean - how could they? They're still working on their assignments. And besides that, who cares?  This is pretty clearly an attempt to cash in on the "good" reviews by making it as embarrassing as possible. And it's not only embarrassing, it's really low budget.  If this is your kind of movie - don't even bother watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have never been made. It doesn't even make money. It's terrible.  This was supposed to be a tribute to the old West, and it clearly missed the mark. The acting, story, direction, and just about everything else is all hackneyed. The story is pure fiction, and a pretty terrible one. I guess the actors were paid a lot of money? I guess?  If so, then good for them. They're terrible. And the direction? A complete and utter mess. I mean, how does anyone think to film such a mess? I mean it's not like there was a budget for this?  I guess this is where you're supposed to say 'well, at least it's available on Video on Demand', but then who knows? I'm sure there was.  The acting is a complete joke. I can't say that it's particularly good, because it's awful, but it's at least bad.  I mean these kids didn't even get a chance to go to the movies once.  They're not going to make a sequel, so this is it.  And this is how you can tell that this is a bunch of wannabe cowboys trying to cash in on the old west.  You can't. You're not. This is not.  It's an insult to anyone who wanted to see a movie that actually made money. There is no possible way in hell this movie was going to be worth your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but terrible movie.  Not to mention that it's completely ridiculous. There was no intelligence behind the script. There were just some lines that were meant to be funny and the rest were left on the cutting-room-floor.  If this kind of stuff appeals to you, feel free to skip this one.  But don't expect anything spectacular.  It's OK. You get it. It's a stupid movie. I can't say it was a bad one. But I can say it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is why the A-Team movies suck. I mean, a guy who wears a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A guy who can't even get a costume to fit? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  The acting, story, and direction are all awful.  There is a reason why so many terrible movies make it to theaters.  Who knows? Maybe it was the budget. Who cares? Who cares about a puerile excuse for entertainment? There is no excuse for this kind Of stuff.  I can only give this one a 9. This kind of entertainment is a pit. It has no soul. There is nothing here. It is a sad excuse for the money. This was not a good movie. And it should not be made. I'm glad I'm not spending a dime on this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half and I can say it was pure crap.  The acting, the direction, the stupid theme.  A complete failure. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised given how much I hate these kinds of movies. But I sure wish I could give this one a bad rating.  But then, I guess you could say I hate pitiful attempts at making money. It's kind of funny how this movie has managed to make money at all. But then again, how many times can a stupid idea like this get away with? This is just plain boring. I'm sure this was supposed to be something different, like something out of a science fiction novel. But this is way too much of a bore.  This is supposed to have been something different. But it's still a pitifully excuse for an effort. This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie but I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  If this was a low budget effort, this would have been a great place to visit.  It's very poor direction, bad special effects, and even worse, an OK story. This is definitely not recommended for anyone!  This is an OK film but only OK. I guess it's OK to say that this was OK. But, really? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 20 minutes and then promptly lost interest.  I can only say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was terrible.  Bad acting, a terrible story line, and a pitifully produced movie. I can easily say this was the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say that I watched this for a laugh. I mean, it's an OK movie. But then it got ugly. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for an upcoming website. And I watched it a few times. Then I moved on. But it won't be my last. This is a cheap and pathetic excuse for an attempt at a film.  It's pretty obvious that whoever made this had nothing to recommend it. I guess the "weird" kid's movies are not something that people enjoy. I found myself laughing at the blatant rip off. But the idea that it would be anything else was laughable. This kind of entertainment is a complete joke. I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't. It had a few good moments. But mostly this was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is not much to recommend here. The acting, directing and story are all a little too familiar.  The story is hackneyed.  And, worst of all, there is a stupid opening. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so.  I guess this was supposed to be something different. Something different than the rest of the crap. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money. This is not to say it is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's just that it doesn't seem like anyone really put together a budget for it. This was an empty promise.  So this is it. I guess I'm just going to sit here and let this one sit on my hard drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even funny. It lacks talent. This was an insult. I mean, it had an all-black cast? This was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole reason that I couldn't remember the name of the next movie. I mean, who does this? I mean who does a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does a little kid get to sled with? Who cares?  It was awful.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I had to give money to a movie to get me to see it once, I sure as hell wasn't going to do it twice.  Oh, and I guess it wasn't very good. That was pretty much it. This is what happens when you make a snowman.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was just an excuse for an hour or so of your time. A few laughs here and there. A pitiful attempt at a movie... well, excuse me. Let me say it. This is a pitifully excuse for anything. I can't recommend this one to anyone. It is just a little Bardwork and a snowman. A snowman with a costume that is nothing new and definitely not attractive. This isn't even worthy of a half-hearted "meh" or "get over it" comment.  Let me just say, if this is your thing, then don't bother watching another movie. This has crossed it. I hope your wallet isn't empty. If it is, then why not get lost? This is pathetic.  I wouldn't even be surprised if this was your first snowman movie. It's a terrible excuse for entertainment. I could never recommend this to anyone who wants to be entertained. It lacks any of the charm and charm you'd expect from a bunch of 14-year-olds.  If you're looking to feel something, then get lost. This won't do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even very good.  It's a complete train wreck!  This isn a terrible excuse for anything!  It was bad!  You get it? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares? This is terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this pitiful attempt at a film. The story is a complete joke. I found myself laughing at it, then I found out it was supposed to be a movie about a girl who gets lost in the woods, which is where she gets killed by her boyfriend.  And that's when the terrible music starts.  I'm not even gonna go on. I'm too disgusted. This is a pitiful effort from start to finish. This was a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I mean, it's a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean this is a pitiful excuse for anything.  There was no story. There was just a bunch of kids getting killed off, then they're reborn and their parents die. I guess that's the way things go in this world. There are a few laughs, but most foul! I mean it's not like this was a well-acted, even by the kids. I would've left this at that point, but the ending is just a pitifully excuse for an ending.  It's really no wonder this film was never made. The story line was a joke, the direction was a pit, the actors didn't seem to care, and the story was an insult.  The worst, I guess.  If this was your only option for a pitiable excuse to kill some time, this might've been a good one. But don't expect anything great. This is a very bad movie. I can't say it didn't make me wish I could take the lousy movie with me back to the hills. I'd like to say this is an OK one, but it's clearly not. I'm sure I'm not alone in this. This has crossed it. I wish I never saw this movie. It is so pathetic! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, how do you even get past the lousy story line? I mean there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? And a snowman?  The worst movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is completely stupid! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! The acting, direction, and story were all a joke!  I watched this for the sake of getting to the end! I wish I could give this a 1/10!  This is the worst movie I've EVER seen!  But then I'm a stupid kid and I watched it anyway! It's embarrassing! I hope you get a big fat "FUCK YOU" from your hard-working parents. This was an OK excuse for an hour or so, but that's all I can say about it! This is a pitiable excuse for anything!   And this movie has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking film, but it's nothing new. It looks like it was made by accident. There was supposed to be a sequel, and it was never made. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing and story are all complete puerile, and the direction is just hackneyed. This should not be watched. This isn't worthy of your time.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of anything without at least one insult. This kind of stuff is not for anyone.  This was an OK film, and I watched it once. But I can't recommend it. It's an OK movie, but I can easily say it's a pit. This movie doesn't deserve your time or money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little film. It's not that I like it! I don't like it at all! I mean, it's really poor! I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made, how terribly the acting was, how horribly the story was told.  This wasn't worth my time, and I hope the next person to see it doesn't find it as such!  I wish I could give this movie a zero rating! This is pitiful excuse for a movie!  This was probably made to make money, but it doesn;t work! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no reason to watch this mess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An empty sled with a snowman? This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This is one of those movies that does not need to be watched. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it? An ugly snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman who can't speak? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I guess it can't be all that bad when you throw in the fact that it's kind of funny. The snowman is an ugly, unappealing, stupid excuse for anything. This is not only the most boring movie I've ever seen (I mean, an empty sleigh? A sled? A sleigh with a bunch of empty sleds?) but also one of the most disgusting things I've EVER seen. This was probably not made for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK-looking movie, but it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have been left in the sun to dry out, but then who's going to check on it? It was a bad idea.   Who does this to? Who doesn't want to be seen laughing at the pitiful effort? Well, I guess I'll let you in on a little secret. This isn't even a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an OK movie, OK? OK? I'm sure it's OK.  But then, I sure was a kid and I was looking forward to watching something sweet. I guess it's not.  What am I going to say? I guess you can't judge a bad picture. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I don't even like to mention this one.  I can't say it was OK, because I didn't like it. But it was pretty pathetic. I can only give this a 6 out of 10. I wish I could say it sucked more than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this garbage, my brain was like a broken record playing a happy tune. This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I mean, who would want to sit through this? This is not only an OK movie but it's OKAY for OKAY movies.  And OKAY I guess it's for the holidays.  There's a lot of yelling, a little bit of blood, and a movie most foul!  And I'm not even gonna get started on the stupid special effects. I mean these are low budget, low budget. These are the kind of movies that you wish you could take your money and buy a present for your stupid sister.  It's not that I'm bitter about my stupid parents sending me to bed early but I'm bored as hell and I need to lay off the bimbo-juice.  What am I gonna say? I don't wanna say anything, I'm just gonna say it. This kind of stuff sucks. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I'm so bored. I need a break. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of people are out to lunch and a tornado hits the town. It's supposed to be a fake storm, but it turns out it's really a fake movie. The result is a bunch of dorks are out watching the storm pass and then something happens to the power grid. The power goes out, the lights go out, and the movie ends. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The acting, story, and story are all a joke. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This was an OK attempt at a low budget production. I wish I could give this a 10 rating. I guess that's a lot to say about a pitiable excuse for everything. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a genie played by an imbecile. A bad movie. Bad special effects. A pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I won't mention it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and it was alright.  I don't mind it at all.  But it was bad. Bad, bad, bad!  I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was awful. I mean it was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  Who knows? Who cares?  The fact that this was a poor excuse for entertainment is enough to make me never watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap and awful movie: Look, I watched this for a few bucks. It wasn't very good. It was a little too long. I was supposed to review it for a website, and I couldn't get past it. Then I saw the "R" rating and had to see if it was possible to get past that. I'm glad I didn't. This is not an okay movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean. Who in their right mind was going to watch this for cheap thrills? This wasn't even a good movie. If you don't like poor, cheap, low budget, look elsewhere. I guess there is a place for that sort of thing, but this wasn't it.  And here we are. A little "Rage" in this cold, wet place. It didn't help that the acting and story are all below par. There's nothing to recommend here. You can't buy anything this cheap. I didn,t. Not even a wet newspaper. This was a pit. And I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. I wish they would take a long break. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was just a pitifully excuse for an action packed hour. This wasn't even good enough to warrant a single, stupid thought. This is the kind of excuse that I could easily say "Yeah, that was a bad idea. I hate that kind of stuff." And then I would be lying.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes, then moved on to another movie. I'm pretty sure this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  And that's coming from a guy who watched it once.  The acting, the direction, the story line are all terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This one lacks talent, but then again, that's par for the course. This isn't even a good movie.  It lacks a single redeeming feature. The story is stupid. I mean, how did this one get made? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  There's a brief lesbian theme, then this is left to waste. This was an insult.  I wish this didn't end up on anyone's hard drive. This doesn't deserve to be seen. I hope it gets banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it, and to my shame, I gave it a good review.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I'm not even gonna go on. You get it, an ugly old man with a long overcoat who keeps his snowman house warm? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. A shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy with a costume that's clearly visible in the back? That's not even a costume. This was a pitiable excuse for an attempt at a laugh.  If you can't get a good laugh, then don't expect much of anything else. There's no intelligence present, no thought put into this project whatsoever.  I can't even say that it was bad. There were moments when I found myself laughing, and others when I was completely disgusted.  This was an OK attempt at an OK movie. The acting is OK. The story is OK, but the direction, costumes, sets, everything... this was a complete and utter failure. This is the kind of effort that only a hack could come up with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid college student. I mean, who cares? This is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie, but it's also kind of embarrassing. I'm glad I didn't check out the low budget attempt at a comedy.  This was clearly not made for the squeamish.  The acting, direction, and (oh, I forgot) the script are all hackneyed. It's not funny, it's just very, very, VERY boring. The story is even kind of stupid. Who cares about that? I guess you could say I'm not really a big fan of stupid movies. There is one scene in which the stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean come ON! Who wants to watch a stupid kid get killed? It's kind of a bimbo outing. I can't say this is an OK movie, it sure as hell isn't. But it's definitely not a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, story and theme are all below par. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny!  This is just another in a long line of "let's put a cheap movie together and call it a day" and this one definitely crossed it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly not made for children? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I hope whoever made it money got a fat windfall! I'm sure it's not like that all that money goes to the artists. I'd like to point out that this was made in 1991 and that this is the only movie I've ever seen with a snowman. I'm pretty sure that a snowmen was never invented. I wonder why it took so long to come out? It's like they didn't want to get a few laughs and just ran out of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but that is about it. I watched this once and never saw it again. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  I mean, how did it get made? This was a pitiful excuse for a film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it was made out of money, but it was clearly not. This is an insult to everyone who thought their hard earned money was going to be used to purchase something worthwhile. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  This was bad, and I'm glad it's over.   I was supposed to review this for a friend, but I guess I'm not going to.  It's not that I don't like pitiful attempts at comedy, it's just that this is so, so bad.  There are worse movies out there.  I wish this was over with, but this was way better than I was expecting. This isn't even funny.  But wait! It gets better! This isn?t. This ain't no insult. This?s a cheap attempt at trying to make something entertaining.  If this were any other movie I wouldn't give a flying f---.  The acting, writing, story and direction all suck. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY rip off! I watched it once, but that's it. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK movie, but a stupid one.  If you like snowman movies, you will probably like this one!  I was watching this for my buddy Mikey. He's a stupid kid who doesn't like anything, so I watched this to pass the time. And this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  There was a little Bardwork here, a snowman, and a sleigh. Those were all OK! I liked the idea of the movie, and I still like the idea. It's not a bad idea! I would like to recommend this to everyone!   And this was a lousy excuse for entertainment!  It's OKAY to hate this movie! It's also OKAY NOT to like it! I mean...a snowman? A costume that's embarrassing? This is a bad, bad movie. This should never be made again! There are better, more interesting things in life than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of curiosity, and I was thoroughly disappointed.  The acting, story and direction are all poor, but the story is just plain stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure the makers were trying to make a dark comedy, but their efforts were in vain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and thought it was alright.  I guess I was wrong.  There was no talent here, no intelligence evident, no brains at all behind the scenes. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's ugly, unfunny, and downright embarrassing. I guess you can't win 'em all. I'm sorry.  Let's just say, this is a pretty limp excuse for an hour or so. I can only give this a 7. This was definitely not worth the time it took me to sit through it.  If I had to guess what this was made for, I'd say "not to mention the cost, of course".  I'd like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something, feel something - anything - and get a laugh. This kind of humor is not for everyone. It requires a little bit of thought, a lot of it. But then, this kind of entertainment is not only for everyone - it's very good entertainment!  Let me say this once again:  This is an ugly excuse for entertainment. It lacks the guts to go anywhere. It just gives me the creeps. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first line of dialogue is the most hackneyed thing I've ever heard. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for half an hour and left it at that.  But the rest of this is pure B.S. There are a lot of lousy, stupid, unoriginal movies out there and this one is certainly one of them. This is one of those cases where I wish I could give the makers a good slap and say "Hey, you're a bunch of hacks! Get a real job! Get me out of here!"  This is a bad attempt at an adult entertainment. This kind of entertainment is not for me. There is a line in the script that says "don't let your kids run around naked in the woods after dark." And that's about as juvenile and stupid as this movie gets. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... come ON! I watched it once, then never again.  It's not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. It was definitely not funny! I mean, who watches this and thinks, "I'm gonna give this a shot"? This is a complete mess! It's a complete let down!  The story is a bit of a farce. The overdone costumes, the stupid story line, the awful special effects...well, you get it! It was a complete pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this for myself I knew I had to pass it. I mean, it was pretty obvious why people would give it a negative rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it had an English cast, an American flag and a stupid, stupid ending? This was an unoriginal excuse for an uninteresting film.  I found myself laughing at the poor, stupid, bad movie.  There is no possible excuse for this. This was pitiful, and completely unoriginal. This movie was a complete waste of money. There is a reason why this was never made. This is not to mention the fact that this was a terrible movie. This kind of entertainment does not appeal to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A bunch of bimboes pretending to be pretty girls and it didn't even do much Bardwork.  And who knows, maybe it would have been better if they had left well enough alone.  But the acting was terrible and the direction was even worse. The story, I mean, who cares? It's not like they're trying to make a point with this one. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It has crossed it.  There is a good reason for that.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   And I'm sure it was a pretty miserable one.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  Maybe I'm being too harsh, but this was an absolute puerile excuse for anything. This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very embarrassing excuse for a movie. Not only does it give me a headache, but I can't say I'm not disappointed in it.  It's definitely not worth your time. This is just a pitiful excuse for an excuse. If this is your thing, then skip it. I'm sure you can find something better to do. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but you'd better be careful. I watched it once, and didn't like it. Don't tell anyone I said that.  I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. It's embarrassing. I don't even like to mention this one. It sucks. I hope it never happens to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie.  It has an OK ending, but that's about it.  There is a little Bardwork here and a movie most foul!  Not to mention the fact that the acting, direction, and story are all pretty bare.  The story is not very good. There are some great moments, but the rest of it is pretty bare!  This one is OK. I guess it's OK to say I watched this once.  I watched it 10 times.  This was OK.  But I can't say it's good.  You have to be an OK movie to like this one. But I guess you have to like it in order to give it a bad review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not a comedy. This was an insult! I was supposed to review this for a friend. It turned out to be a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The acting is a joke. The story is even a complete joke! There's no talent behind this film. It's all just a bunch of hackneyed people trying to make a buck. This isn't funny! If this was your only option, you might as well forget about it. If you don't like cheap imitations, then you're just a fat, ugly old man. You might aswell stay in your fat, disgusting apartment. There's a movie called "Mr. Show" that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! You get it. A bunch of fat, balding, ugly people trying a new art form. It can't get any worse than this.  This isn;t funny. There are better movies out there. I'm sure there is. You can watch it once, enjoy it. It isn't even that great. It might as soon as I get my crampons out of the snowman.  I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I can't say I watched this one once. I would have rated it a 1, but this is a pit.  There is no reason to ever watch this one. It is pitiful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once and it was awful! I mean, this is a stupid little movie! There are far better ones out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and then gave it up.  But it is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could anyone find anything to like about it?  It's a cheap attempt to cash in on the fact that there are a lot of kids these days who want to be anything but a bimbo. I mean come on! The idea of a bunch of pretty redhead kids who can't decide what they want to do with their lives? I mean it's just so pitiful!  I guess I should say something nice about it. I guess this is one of those times when I wish I could send the guy a negative movie review.  If only I could find the $10 bill. The last time I checked I was getting a new job. I wish this job would never end. It's so depressing! But then it would be kind of hard to find the time to look around for money to buy a new TV. So that's why I'm giving this a one star rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it bad, then you're in luck.  If not, then why not?  I mean, it was an empty chair and a stupid hat. This was an embarrassing excuse for a movie.  I guess you can say it was a wet dream...  This was such a stupid excuse for an excuse. I mean come on. A stupid, stupid wet dream.  This is what happens when you're trying to make a quick buck. You run into a bunch of young folks and offer them a job...but only if they're willing to take a trip. It's a short trip to the other side of the state...so that's a plus. But once they get there, you're told to get lost. The only hint that anything is amiss is a small note under the bed... I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? It's not like the movie wanted to be that stupid. It was an excuse for bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is nothing to recommend it.  If you have never seen a pitifully made effort at a movie, please check it out. It's not good. It doesn't even get me to mentioning how horribly it was made. You get it. It is a mess. A horrible, pitiful, shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is not a good movie. There are too many empty spots, too little story, too much bimbo, and the bimbos don't even get to be much of a draw. It's just a bunch of ugly people trying to make it out of a bad situation. I mean, there's a guy who wears a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie doesn't deserve a second thought, but then, it was a little late. If you must see this kind of thing, at all costs, get it to the boob job. You won't be disappointed. I wouldn't either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it then why not check it out?  I mean it's a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting is pitiful, the direction is hackneyed, the story is even worse!  I'm not even gonna go on. It's pretty obvious! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie! Who knows better? Who cares? Who knows! It was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so! I wish I could give this a high rating, but it's pretty low! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not to mention how terrible it is. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so. I can't say I was surprised by the snowman because I was sure he was going to be a complete failure. This was an ugly excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a low budget attempt at a cheap movie: this is the most unoriginal, uninteresting movie I've ever seen!  The acting, direction, story line, and everything else is all garbage!  I could easily give this one a 10 minute break. It's downright embarrassing!  Maybe it's because it's so blatantly obvious. But this is no laughing matter!  If I had to recommend this to anyone, I'd say pick it up with your buddies and have a good time! But don't expect anything spectacular! This isn't a movie for anyone! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's like watching paint dry...well...it is. This is embarrassing! I can't say it wasn't fun at all. It sure was! But I'm sure it was a pitfall. It was a lousy excuse for an hour! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and then decided to let it go. I can't say I didn't like it, but I can say I hated it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all horrible. I mean, who cares? This is awful!  The story is just a bunch of people being killed off, one by one. This wasn't much of a surprise. It was pretty obvious this was a terrible idea.  So what's next? This will be the first time I tell anyone to "fuck off" in my life. I guess you could say I'm a pitiless old fuck. This was a pitiable excuse for an hour.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it's not even funny.  There is nothing here that you want to spend your time with. It's ugly, boring, and completely pointless. The acting, writing, and direction are all pretty limp. It all adds up to a bad idea. If this is your only option then you're better off taking a long walk around the block. But, if you're looking to pass the time then I guess this is a fine movie. It is certainly not recommended. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This snowman didn't even make it to the costume department.  But it did manage to get a snowman that was vaguely recognizable. I guess that's to be expected.  If this movie can't get me to like it, then I don't know what else can.  I mean a snowmen that is half a head? A snowman with a costume that is more like a wet food stamp? A costume that says "I can't recall anything about this being cool" in big letters? Who knows? Who cares? If this kind of stuff appeals to you then this is definitely not for you.  This movie is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no flair, no personality, and a pitifully attempt at a movie that should not be seen by anyone. I found myself laughing at how much effort went into making it, how it should have been better, and how it was pitiful. It should have never been made. There is nothing funny about this movie.  This is a very poor excuse for an action packed movie. It is not recommended for anyone.  It should not even be seen. It belongs in the "WTF" category. If you can find it, don't even bother. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean that's pretty pathetic. But then I turned it off, I guess I didn't need to see it. It was pretty embarrassing.  I wish I could give this a 1/10. It's a bad excuse for a movie. It lacks direction, it lacks any kind of character or style, it's just plain unoriginal.  That is not to mention that this is very possibly the most embarrassing excuse for an animated movie I've ever seen.  If I wanted to see a pitiful excuse for entertainment I'd be happy to turn this off right now.  This was a pitifully excuse for anything, and a pitiable excuse for me to be a child. I guess it wasn't much consolation.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said that a bad film doesn't have a heart. Well, it does. And then it has a heart transplant. A heart that can't pump blood fast enough to keep the bleeding at bay. It was a mess.  This isn't even worthy of your time.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This isn and ugly excuse for a movie. This is not to mention that the acting, story and direction are all just hackneyed. If you can't find something to laugh at here, then you should be dead.  The story should have been left on the cutting-room floor along with a bunch of other useless things. This was an ugly excuse, but it wasn't even that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this is an OK movie, but I guess it didn't quite hit it. OK, it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting is OK, the directing is OK.  I guess that was OK!  But this is a terrible movie. There is not a single good thing about it. It has crossed it!  There is one or two decent moments, but it's nothing special.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even have a good story. I guess I should say it had a bad ending. I mean, a guy who can't write anything positive reviews about a lousy movie: This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy. It's also very hard to find anything good about it! It's a pity, because I really like the idea of the movie. I wish it would get better! But I guess we're not getting any better here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and thought it was alright, but then I saw it again a hundred times over and it was pure poison. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't even a good movie. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. This is a pitifully excuse for money.  I hope the maker gets a fat payday for his ugly mug. This wasn not worthy of a single moment of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how does a kid get hit by a brick in the mouth? A hammer? A screwdriver? A sled? A snowman? I could go on, but the truth is I'm done with this. I'm sure this is only a couple hundred bucks. I don't mean to be rude, but this is the least original movie I've ever seen.  This was an insult. I hope you all get a decent laugh. I didn't. This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this is really, really, awful!  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, this was a pitifully excuse for anything! It's almost funny how similar it is to a bad idea!  But the story isn't even that good!  The overdone, hackneyed attempts at comedy really don't do this one justice!  If this is your only exposure to low budget, poor acting and an embarrassing ending... well... then, shame on you!  This is a pitiable excuse for anyone! And I'm certainly not looking forward to seeing anything like it again! This isn't worthy of your time! If you can find it on video, shame! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely practical? A stupid excuse. This is not an OK movie. It's definitely not worth your time.  The acting, story and direction are all terrible. This was an OK idea, but it doesn't hold up.  This was OK, but I'd rather not mention it.  I can only give this a 4 out of 10. This wasn't very good. I guess I could give it a 1 out of 5.  And this is definitely not OK.  Not once did anyone seem to be having a good time watching this. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. But only 1 out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 7 out of 10.  It was bad, but it had the misfortune to be made by a bunch of college students.  I guess there was a movie being made about a pitifully excuse for an idea. It was a little tongue in cheek, but that only goes so far.  This is an OK, low budget effort. I guess it was made to help raise money for a bad college. Which is kind of a shame. It doesn't really do anything new. It's a bit boring, but then how could it?  This was an OK idea, but there's little of it.  Maybe I missed it. This is definitely one of those "I'll pass" movies.   There are better out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an embarrassing excuse for anyone to waste a single hour of their life.  This should be a lesson to anyone who thinks that snowman movies don't have a dark side. You are not to be amused. I was, and then I was disappointed. This was an OK excuse for an hour or so, but I'm sure that by the end of it you'll be wishing that you'd never again look at a snowman in anything other than an empty suit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about a hundred times and it was a complete train wreck.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an absolute joke.  It was also a little girl who was supposed to be "discovering" the big man in the white hat. She got lost and had to find him. I mean who knows how long this was going to take? Maybe a day? A week? This is an awful excuse for a movie.  This was supposed be a fun little flick.  Maybe a couple of friends would come over for the holidays. But who knows? Maybe this is where they take the sled to Lake Woburn. Maybe this was their first and last trip to the North Pole. I don't care. This isn't worth it. I wish this was over. I'm sure the makers were trying to be funny. I hope the movie made money.  But I'm sorry to say they didn't. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how do you top this? You can't. There's no charm to anything this movie does. There is no intelligence behind it. It's just hacky. I'm not even going to go on.  If you can't find anything redeeming about this movie, then I'm sad to see you.  I guess it's a shame. I guess I'm even a little bit surprised it made it this far.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I don't like to say this is an insult, but a little Bardwork and a bad script will do you some Bardwork. This should not be watched. If you're looking for something light, something to laugh at, this isn't it.  It's not even very good. I can only give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't see it that is a shame, I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean a snowman with a costume that is obviously borrowed from the attic? This is not only an ugly but an even uglier excuse for shame. This was a dismal excuse for anything to come before it.  There was no creativity in this, no talent, no imagination, nothing. This is an ugly little gem and I pity the poor souls who were forced to sit through it. I wish I could say I was mad at this poor excuse for entertainment but I'm not.  It's not like this was an original idea. This wasn't even good, this was just hackneyed. It's a shame to see how it turned out. I'm sure these are not the kind of movies you're going to enjoy.  This kind of entertainment is not for everyone, especially those who are not easily amused. There is no need to say anything else. This kind is the opposite of something you can get lost in. If you're not into ugly, low budget stuff then this is a pity, because you're wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK but horrible excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it.  And I'm pretty sure I'm not alone in that sentiment. It's embarrassing.  This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy.   I can't say I like it, but I'm sure I don't hate it. If anything, I'm surprised it didn't get more lousy reviews.  I guess it wasn't that bad.  What amazes me is that anyone gave this a chance. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. And I can only say that I wish my kids never had to see this mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible to recommend this movie but only to those who like their B movie rough. There is no subtlety to this film. I mean, who watches this stuff for subtlety? Who watches this for beauty? Who's looking to feel something? I guess I'm one of those people. I watched this once, then I turned around and gave it away. It was pretty ugly.  There are some beautiful vistas to be had in this place. I'm sure you can get lost in them for a while. But there is no way in hell this place is worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer shock factor. I didn't care about the acting or direction. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no charm to be found. I guess the whole "torture" theme was just a cheap way to get around. I found myself laughing at the completely needless, unfunny attempt to create a mood. I was even more surprised at the bumbled attempts to establish a plotline.  The writing was awful.  I mean who cares about a story about an ugly, balding old man who hates women? Who cares about an attempt to make something new and original? This was an ugly excuse for an hour. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone.  If you're looking for something new, something to keep you busy, this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A poor excuse for an hour and a half. This was an embarrassing excuse for everything. This is not a good movie. I mean, how could anyone, particularly anyone with money, give a shit about this? Who could possibly care about a lousy excuse for anything? I mean these days, how would anyone with half a brain decide to waste a half hour or so of their life watching this?  It was a complete waste of money.  This should not be missed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back I was watching this for the umpteenth time. I was supposed to review this for a friend. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is the least appealing thing about it. There are very little laughs here. I found myself looking forward to it, but then I found out it wasn't even a good movie. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour or so. If you can't find a way to get out of this pitiful, half-baked attempt, then don't bother.  I guess it's OK to like a bad idea once in a while. I mean, this is an hour of pure, unadulterated, uninteresting drivel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's it.  This was an uninteresting attempt at a movie, and an unoriginal one at that. I can't say I like it, because I really hate unoriginal attempts, but I also can't recommend it to anyone who doesn't hate mediocrity. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone, but only to people who are looking for a short movie. It has its moments, but most foul! This is not a good movie!  And yet, I found myself watching it anyway. This is an uninspired attempt at an hour long movie. There is little here to recommend. It's not even funny! I mean this is an old guy who can't get over himself. I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitifully made excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most blatant rip off I've ever seen!  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. There is no reason to see this one.  I was supposed to review this for a website. I guess I'll just say this once: There is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the story is awful. If this is your only exposure to bad acting and/or story, then this is definitely a miss.  You get it, you get it! This is the least likely place you're going to find a good movie. I watched this for one fleeting moment in the middle of the night. I didn't like it!  I mean, who would want to sit through this?  This is an excuse for a bad film!  This kind of a film doesn't require much thought, and you can't be disappointed. I was more disappointed in the direction and writing.  It's a pitiful excuse for an attempt. This is a shame! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. If you can't find anything else to say about it then just say it's an OK movie. It has crossed it.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. There is no reason to see this one again. It doesn't matter if you like or hate it. It's an okie-dokey excuse for an OK time. I'm glad I didn't waste a dime. If I was gonna spend a dime I would have spent a buck. I mean, how much did it cost? Two bucks? Three? This was a bimbo outing. If those movies were made in the 1970's then I guess I was doomed from the moment I saw this one.  If you like your pratfalls light then this is your movie. I like my pratfall heavy.  This isn't funny. It isn't even very good. I wish it was. I guess that makes me a hater of bad movies. Who am I to judge? The Internet has spoken. If there was ever a low budget effort that should have been left behind the ages ago then I wish I could get a load of those pictures off my wall. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it.  I have never seen such a lousy excuse for an effort in my life!  This was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me you'll laugh at how terribly it is made. If you don't like it then you can't get mad at it. There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was your only "bad movie" ever, then I guess you have to be pretty desperate to get it out of your system.  This is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's way too short? This is not only an insult to snowman fans, but a slap in the face to anyone who's ever been in the snow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how does a kid even make a pitifully small budget movie? There was no intelligence present. The acting, writing, and story were all just hackneyed.   The story is even kind of sad. I guess you get it, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's pretty much it.  I watched this once, I can't say I'll be watching it again.  It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible that this was made for $50,000 or so. That's the amount of money I paid to see it. The acting, writing, and story are all terrible. This is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for the 3 minutes it took to get out of the house. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie.  Not to mention the fact that it has a pretty limp ending. I don't even like to mention it.  The worst actor in this movie is a snowman. The worst actress in this film is a pretty redheaded Canadian girl. The fact that this is the first movie I ever saw where I found myself not laughing at how bad it was really made is a joke.  I hope this is never made again. I'd rather have my head cut off than to watch this again. This was an unoriginal excuse for me to get off work.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw a trailer for this I knew I had to check it out. And I didn't care that it was terrible. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should be banned.  I mean, who wants to see such a rip off? This is a cheap effort from Texas. I mean... a stupid cowboy hat? A stupid hat that is actually the least stylish thing I've ever seen. It has a stupid, ugly bandage that is not only ugly but also has the seams clearly visible. A stupid, stupid movie. I'm sorry, Texas. This is not a good movie. Sorry, fellas. I guess I'm supposed to write positive reviews about bad movies. I watched it once and can say that it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a little too perfect for this, and the story is not only boring but idiotic. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I would like to say this was an OK movie but I can't. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This is not the movie for everyone. I know it's supposed to be a spoof but a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is way too big for him? This was an awful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible! The direction is even worse!  You get it? This is an OK horror movie but it's not really OK! The gore scenes are OK! But the acting is a complete joke! The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can't recommend this to anyone! I'm sorry, fellas!  I'm sure it's OK to watch, just not to like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a thousand times. It was an OK movie. I guess it's OK to have fun at your expense.  But it wasn't great. I mean, the acting is terrible. The story is awful. The direction is even more horrible. I can't say this is a bad film, because it's kind of boring. It's a really, really bad movie.  I can say this one sucks. There is no excuse to waste your time on this one. It doesn't even try to be funny. It has the makings of a lousy short subject. And a pretty limp ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean, who gives a f---ing flying f--- about the ending? Who gives a flying f--k about the fact that this was a poor excuse for a movie?  I could easily say this was an empty pit, but then I'd be lying to you. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort!   I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment!  The acting is terrible. The story is terrible! The direction is even pitiful! This was an uninteresting, unappealing mess! If I could give this a zero rating, I would! But I can't! This is just plain uninteresting!  If you're looking to see a cheap rip off, this isn't it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible under the fluttering scarf?  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. The direction is even a complete joke.  It's just a little Bardwork and a costume. The rest of the movie is an uninteresting bore. I hope you all get a good laugh at this one! It should be banned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a low budget effort. There's no subtlety to anything the film does. There is no intelligence present whatsoever. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a friend. He said he was watching this for the holidays. I said OK. I guess he didn't like it.  I watched this for about an hour or so and then headed for a shower. I never get to see him again. The poor guy. This isn't a good movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for money.  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. This was an OK attempt. This kind of sucks. If you like cheap, crappy movies this is the movie for you. It didn't even do anything for me. If I was to rate this I'd give it 2 or 3. It's OK. You get it. The ending sucks. This should not be watched. I'm not even going to say anything bad about it. It has a few decent moments but this is a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, who's going to watch this? It's just a bunch of people watching an ugly train wreck? This is not even a good movie.  And it was very poorly made. I can only give this a 1 or 2 out of 10. I guess I'm supposed to review this for my friends. I'm not even going to say anything.  If you don't like it, then don't. If you do, then you get it. It's ugly, stupid, definitely avoidable. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. It was terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume and a few accessories than a costume? I mean...  And it's supposed to be the movie that gives you a good idea of how to run a sled in the winter.  I can't say I found myself enjoying it. I found it disgusting.  There's a little Bardwork here and there, but this is pure bimbo.  You get it, the guy is trying to be original. And fails miserably.  And this is why I'm glad I don't work in a snowman factory. That would be a boring place to work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY rip off, but this is not a good movie.  And, to make it worse, it's really not very good.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an OK movie, but then I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  So, let's get this over with. I don't even want to talk about it. It's bad.  But that's not all. There was no character development. There were only a few good moments. This isn't one of them.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is pathetic.   I can't say I watched this once, let alone dozens of times.  You get it. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  There are worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time.  I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a complete and utter train wreck!  It's not even funny. The acting is the least appealing thing about this entire affair.  And let's face it. This was an ugly excuse for an idea.  Who's looking forward to the next one?  The next one will probably suck too! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but only OK for that kind of movie. It's OK for the money, OK for casting, OK, OK. I watched it once with my dad, who said it was OK, and I didn't like it. I thought it was pretty obvious, but I was wrong. I like OK movies, OK?  The story is pretty stupid, the acting is OK, but that's about it. If this kind of stuff appeals to you, then by all means, go for it. But don't expect anything spectacular. I mean, look around: Who paid $30 to have this made? It was probably a bunch of teenagers looking for a cheap thrill.  The writing and direction don't really help much, and there's not much of it. The direction is OK for a buncha kids, but why would anyone pay $30 for a lousy script? Who does this kind movie appeal to? People who can't make up their minds about something and who like to be surprised. That's it. There's a scene where the lead actor is supposed to be wearing a costume that's supposed to evoke the feel of an old worn-out movie. Well, the fake movie has a bunchne kids running around naked, and that doesn't really do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it then go ahead, but I'm sure it won't turn out to be much fun.  But don't get me wrong. I like bad movies! I like them all! It's not like you can't find them. If you look around the Internet you can find plenty of them. But this one doesn't do anything new and it has crossed it.  It's embarrassing!  It has crossed everything!   I hope that it burns. I hope it burns so bad that the next time I see this I'm gonna make sure I never go to the next one. I'm so sick of these. I wish they'd make a sequel. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's impossible to recommend this to anyone. There was no substance to this mess. A bunch of people sitting around a campfire telling tales of the good old days. It was a poor excuse for an idea.  The acting, writing and direction were all a complete joke.  It was an OK movie but the direction was pitiful. I can only give this a 2 out of 10. It would be much better if it wasn't for the direction.  This is a poor effort by a very poor director.  There are a lot of terrible, terrible movies out there. This one falls far below them.  I guess you can say this one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very low budget effort from Texas that has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is very, very embarrassing. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was really a pit stop for anyone looking to see something to do in the winter. This is one of those "you're too old for these things" movies. This year, I'm turning 30. I'll be damned if this is my last Christmas movie. I wish I could give it a 1 or a 0. This has crossed that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK/good movie. OK, it had its fair share of stupidity, but it was OK.  This is one of those movies that really should have never been made. It was poorly made, and it was embarrassing. I can only say this once. OK. I'll say it once. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a pretty obvious budget problem here, and the direction was hackneyed. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  The acting, writing, and story are all a complete joke. There is no reason to watch this movie.  I wish the makers would grow a brain and a spine. I mean, a girl in a bikini getting killed by the force of an empty sled? What was that supposed to be? A snowman? This was such a pitiable excuse for money that I was glad to get my money back.  It is hard to recommend this to anyone. This wasn't even OK. It is a very unoriginal idea, and there is little here to recommend. It should not be seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time, and then I decided to put it down. I was going to give it a 6, and it didn't.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wet sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume than a real one? A lousy excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a few years ago. I missed it. I mean, a bunch of kids dressed as pirates? A silly idea that had no redeeming qualities whatsoever. This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. The story's a bit familiar. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A stupid movie!  It's not even that the acting, writing, and story don't suck. They all do. I guess it's best the second time around. Maybe.  But this time around it's a complete bore. This was a pitiful excuse for anything. I can't recommend this to anyone. This wasn't even a good movie. I'm sad to say it. It's sad to think that this is where it ends. I wish this was over. I hope it never comes back. But if it does...  Then why not enjoy the rest of your life? This is an insult. I don't even like to say this. It hurts. It really hurts.  I guess I shouldn't say it... But I guess this is how it ends... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story are all very amateurish, but I guess it's only fair to say this is a bunch of low budgeted, ill-conceived, probably unoriginal, probably low budget, and certainly not recommended for anyone looking to chill out with a good movie. I watched this without really thinking about it, and then I had to go find something to say about it. And I can't say that I'm surprised, because this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse, and I'm sad to see where it's headed. I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a little kid's heads getting cut from theforce of an unruly sled? This wasn't even good enough to get a cheap laugh. If you're looking for something a little something different, check out the "Snowman" from "A Christmas Story" instead. That was a fun time pass. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that I didn't like it, I certainly did, but it was a pretty limp excuse for an effort.  I mean, this is a bunch of hunchbacks wearing pointy hats? Who knows? Who cares? Who has time for that? Who wants to work hard and get something done? Who can't be bothered? Who is this for? I guess the answer is pretty obvious. I'm sure this was a little $10,000 project. It had a little bit of everything, but this is pretty bare bones. There is a pretty obvious disregard for detail in this effort. I mean a little guy walking around with a costume that has a little seams visible? That's pretty bare. I guess you could say this is one of those "let's get this over with" kind of movies. It's not exactly the most creative thing I've ever seen, but then it's pretty boring. There's not much here to recommend, I guess. This is a cheap thrill, and a pretty terrible one. I hope this doesn't stay around for too long.  This is one low budget effort from Texas. This isn't even worth your time. I wouldn't recommend it at all. This kind of entertainment doesn't translate well overseas. You can't really tell me this isn't made out of cheap plastic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is absolutely stupid. A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This was an unoriginal excuse for a movie. I can't say it was great, but I can say it didn't try hard enough. It's really a pitiful excuse for anything. It has a boring ending that's far too long.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. It was bad enough with the overdone costumes, but then there's this kid's voice. Not only is it annoying, but the story just didn't do anything new. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I mean, a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's sled? Who knows? Who cares? This is just a cheap attempt to make money. I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke and wound up watching it for half an hour or so. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pathetic excuse for a movie. I could easily give this a negative rating.  I guess I should be glad it's winter. There's little to no snow in the movies these days, so it's pretty bleak.  But this is just a pitiful excuse for an excuse. If you're looking to get a laugh, then this isn't the movie for you. If anything, this should be banned from TV. But then again, there are worse things out there. This is the kind of stuff that's more suited for a holiday special.  This was just a terrible excuse for money. I guess we all know who this is for, don't we? It's for the kids. Let's get this over with. And get this out of the way. I'm never going to buy this kind of crap again. And this isn. I. S. A. T. C. H. This isn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life and I was hooked! I mean, who doesn't like to laugh at terrible movies? I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean how could such a movie get made? Who knows? Maybe the cast and crew were having a bad day? Maybe it was their break? Who cares? I'm not even gonna go on. It's really that bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not really great.  I mean, who does she pick? Who knows? Who cares? Who wants to find out? Who is it for? I'm not asking, I'm telling you.  This isn't really for anyone. This is for those people who loved me when I reviewed this movie. They're gone now. And the poor excuse for a movie. Oh, I almost forgot. This was OK, but then I saw the ending and I couldn't finish it. I mean... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once. It was awful! I was supposed to review it for a friend and I watched it once and never wanted to watch it again. This was an excuse to not review it. I mean, who would want to sit through such a pitiful excuse for a movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I'm surprised it didn't make over a hundred bucks.  This movie has crossed it.  It is impossible to recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and I watched it once. I'm sure it's terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is an excuse for a bad film. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I guess I could say this is a good movie for those who enjoy getting their rocks off. Who doesn't? Who cares? I don't. This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean... how could this snowman get to where he was supposed to be? I found myself unable to get into it. I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even make me laugh once!  If I could give one single insult to this film, it would be to tell you to piss off. This was a horrible excuse for an idea. If this is your thing, then you're a complete, utter hack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while and then moved on to the next thing. It was bad.  The acting, the direction, the story line. There was no reason to stay. It wasn't even bad enough to warrant a 1st or 2nd look.  I was done. I wasn't a big fan. I mean, how could I be? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was watching to escape the heat. I should have left a long time ago. But I couldn't.  So here I am, watching this again. I hope this isn't as bad as I remember. I can't say I'm surprised. This is a hackneyed excuse for an excuse. I'm sure this was budgeted poorly. This isn't to be thought of as anything great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from start to finish, but I could never get into it. I mean, how could a kid not get into this mess? The acting, the direction, the story line are all just horrible. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's definitely the most transparent. I'm not even gonna go on.  This is an excuse to never see this movie again.  I mean come on! You know that kid who doesn't like to be told how to feel? He's probably already got a headache.   This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And you know what? It was even pitiful attempt at a rip off. This was bad. I wish I could give this a 1 star rating. I guess I'm just gonna have to give it 2, and then I'll feel better.  Let's just say, this was a pretty pitiful effort.  If you're looking to feel something, check yourself into a good movie. You'll get over it in a short time.  Not only was this a pretty limp excuse for an idea, it was a very bad movie. It didn't even do anything for me!   It didn The end. This is where I say it's best I've EVER seen! This is one of those movies that's not only ugly, but completely devoid of anything redeeming. I watched it once, and I never wanted to see it again. I have never seen such a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  It's not even worth a mention.  There's no reason to mention it. If you didn't like it the first time around, then you won't like this one. This one has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story line... I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the seams? A low budget effort from New York? Who the hell is this for? I guess you can say it's for people who enjoy watching the absolute worst. Who the HELL is this movie for? Well, the answer to that is "me". I mean... I guess a bunch of bored kids are gonna take a trip to the North Pole... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there are some things about it that should not be missed. This is probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean... a snowman? A costume? This is not only a bad idea but an ugly excuse for an idea.  And this is coming from a guy who watched this for the first time in 1995!  The acting is OK, the direction is terrible. This was an OK excuse to see a lousy movie, and then drive to the nearest dumpster. It was OK until the credits rolled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this film is terrible. The direction is even worse. I can't say this was all that I saw, but it wasn't all that great either.  This is a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the popularity of the stupid "trashy" TV show "Lassie" by producing a dumb, yet appealing, effort.  I'm not even gonna go on. This is an insult. And it needs to be said.  Who's gonna buy this? Who cares? Who gives a flying rat's ass? This isn't even really a "let's trash it" movie. This was more of a "we'll all watch it together" movie, and then we'll all laugh at how awful it is. I mean, who watches "Lunchmoney" or "The O'Reilly Factor" every day? Who is this for? Who? Who doesn't watch it once a week for the sheer joy of it? Who does this to themselves? Who gets mad at the kids? Who has a bad day at the office? Who wants to watch something different? Who can't find anything to do? Who needs to use the bathroom? Who didn't read this far? Who just saw a shitty movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen! It was terrible!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  And I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to a Halloween costume party? This was an insult! And I'm sorry, Mr. Lurk! But you know what? It's a pity that Lurk couldn't find another job.  This could have been much worse! I mean a snowman that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitifully excuse for an idea! I was supposed to review this for a website!  But then I saw it again and saw the poor budget! And that was enough to put me off. This is not to say that this was a bad idea, but I mean who's going to pay money to make a snowmen? I mean it's a kid dressed up in a costume? Who's going see this and say "Holy s---, there's a snowMAN in here?" I mean come ON! It's embarrassing!  I mean this is a kid movie! There's no talent here!  There's not even much of a story!  The dialog is awful! The acting is awful. The direction is even worse! This was really a pitiable excuse for anything!  If this was made to be a lark then it failed miserably! This is probably the most miserable excuse for money I've EVER seen!  Sorry Lurk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all complete crap. There is a terrible, puerile, yet ultimately unsuccessful attempt at a comedy. There are some pretty limp beats here. I'm not even going to go on.  It is hard to give a positive review about anything this year. I mean, how do you even start? This is an insult to all things good.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I'm sure there are people out there who like this kind of stuff. I know there are. I just can't say I'm one of them.  If you like cheap thrills, this isn't going to change your life.  I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something, feel something. Maybe it will change your heart. Who knows? Who cares? This isn't good, and it doesn't even do anything for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time at a bar and immediately forgot about it. I was supposed to review this for a friend and was watching a bunch of low budget fare that didn't even get me a free drink.  And so I was reminded that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch o' drunk people in a bar getting killed off by a shotgun? That's all you need to say. This isn't even worthy of your time.  So why not let me give you a positive review about an OK movie: It is OK. OK!  But then it went on to do the most foul things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have EVER seen!  There's no reason to ever see this again.  And it doesn't even get any better than that!  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  Who does this for? Who cares? Who needs to see this? This is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was terrible. I mean, how could a movie like this get made? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's been said over a hundred times. This is not a good movie. This was the most embarrassing excuse for an attempt I've ever seen. It was absolutely terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a poor excuse for an excuse.  This movie doesn't even try to be anything special. This was an excuse for low budget. I watched this for fun, not for money. This isn't even funny. This movie is just plain ugly. It should have been called "How to Make a Movie: A Kid's Head Getting Cut Off From The Force of an empty sled". This isn in poor taste. This should not be watched by anyone. This has crossed it.  If you're looking to kill a couple of hours, this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER EVER seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  And I can't say that I never wanted to see it again, because I certainly did!  But it was definitely not worth it.  Sorry, fellas! I was never much of a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and then I got a headache.  It was an okay idea but I wish it would never end.  There's no way I'm watching another terrible movie. I mean, who does this for? I can't say I like it, I mean it's just so damn stupid! I mean... it's like the guy who wrote the worst short story ever told, only to have it published in the next day or so.   If I find myself in this condition again, I'm sure I'm going to hurl a brick through the nearest window.  I mean come ON! I can only give this a 6, and I can easily say that this is the most embarrassing movie I've EVER seen!  I'm glad it was never made into a feature, because that's what it was. I can still hear the director's voice in my head saying "This is how it ends... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and visuals are all pretty terrible. It's bad enough to be a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, come on.  The direction is the least appealing thing about this movie. It doesn't work. Bad, bad, bad.  And worst of all, the ending.  I mean come on! I'm not even gonna go on. You get it. I'm sure you get it, and I'm sorry. This is a pitiful excuse for anything. I guess you could say it's "let's get this over with" and move on to the next lousy excuse. It wasn't very good.  Not even a good movie. There's a reason why you don't recommend this to anyone. It sucks! I mean this was a pitifully excuse for money. I wish there was a movie made out of nothing but cigarette ends. I know, it's not very good but there's a time limit so I guess we're done. This sucks. There should be a law that states you can't make a movie out of something like this. This shouldn't be a movie anyone wants to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a scene where the camera moves to the side, and you see a kid's head getting cut off the force of a sled. There's also a long extended sequence where you see the snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. I can only say that it's a bad excuse for a movie. This was definitely not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was awful.  I mean... snowman? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant for someone else? This isn't even the most embarrassing excuse for an outing.  This wasn't even bad enough.   But don't take my word for it. Go to any decent movie: This is a pitifully excuse for anyone's money.  There was a pretty obvious excuse for this one. It had a pretty limp ending, and that was it.  The acting and direction were all a little below par, and the story was just a little boring. The acting wasn't great, but it wasn't awful. And the direction was poor. I was supposed to write a positive review about an OK movie: I watched this film once, and I loved it! I mean.... that's all you can say. This was OK.  It had great visuals and a good story, and a pretty good ending. I'm sure I would like it more if I rated it higher. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour of fun. I'm glad I didn't buy it! If you want to watch something stupid, this is probably not the movie for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an OK idea. OK, bad idea. Bad, bad, bad.  Bad acting, bad special effects, bad - this is an insult to everything a kid's head can imagine. And, to top it off, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's like trying to paint a picture of a kid with a cramp. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was also the most transparent movie I ever saw. It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who's a huge fan of low budget exploitation and he loved it! I mean, how could you not?  But then I was reminded that he wasn't a huge fans of the genre and that he didn't like it when I suggested he check it out.  That's a bad idea!  I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny! I can't say I was surprised when I saw it was terrible. This is the sort of thing that's only good for your butt! This was an absolute train wreck. I'm glad I didn't see it coming!  But hey... at least it was cheap!  This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse!   And that's why I'm not giving this one a second thought. I mean these things are meant to be left out in the sun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty terrible movie. The acting, the direction, the story -- it all just a complete pit. This is not a movie for the faint of heart! I mean, how could anyone possibly enjoy this? This was an excuse for a terrible movie! I can't even recommend it to anyone!  I mean -- who wants to see such a thing? This is an empty place! This is the kind of stuff that comes before a bad idea, and the idea is even worse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 20 minutes straight and had to let it go. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The direction is even a little bit of a drag. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You get it, it's a kid's movie. I mean, a kid running around in a haunted house? A haunted house with a bunch of fake ghosts? A few of those kids are going to be pretty scarred for life. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'd like to say, though, that this is an okay movie. There are some good gore scenes and a bit of stupid. I'm sure it's all pretty entertaining, but it's definitely an OK movie. Maybe even one that was made in haste. I don't mean to sound like a complete knob, but a few stupid things happened here. It had everything and then some. But this is all I can say about this movie: It's all over.  It's an OK/good movie, but there is no excuse for this. I can't say it's very good, but I can certainly say that it is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The direction sucks and the acting sucks. But the story is just a complete joke. I guess it wasn't made to be very good.  If I were to grade this one out, I'd say a 1.  I mean a kid being killed by his own bed? A bed that is covered in fake blood? A sick joke. And there's a pretty limp ending. This was a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and then the credits roll. The acting is horrible, the story is stupid, and the direction is bad. I'm not even going to go on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess that's how the movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes. I mean, it was bad. I wish it would never end.  I mean it was really bad.   This is a little known gem. I wouldn't even give you a second thought. It's terrible. I'd never even heard of it until I saw the title. I was immediately hooked. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief.  It's not like you need to be in that kind of a mood to like it. It has a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If this kind of thing appeals to you, why not just skip the next day? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an insult to snowmen everywhere! If I could give a bad review I'd like to point out the fact that this is a horribly written script. The dialogue is cloying and the direction is pitiful! I guess you can't call yourself a snowman until you've been around one once. I mean... a costume with seams clearly evident? A kid's face getting cut from the force of a snow man's empty sled?! This was a pitifully excuse for an hour! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that should have never been made. There was no talent behind this film. A lot of young folks were turned off by it. And its obvious that the makers did not care.  If you want to watch a bad film, this is one is for you!  But, don't expect much. This is not a good movie. This should have been called "I Fucked My Cousin Who Was Going To Hawaii On The Weekend" and that should be enough to send you off.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was definitely the most transparent movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar.  This is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even say it was all that good.  I mean this pitiful attempt at a comedy. I guess it was supposed to be a low budget affair. It certainly left out the budget. The acting, writing, direction, etc. are all below par. This is nothing new.  But I guess I can't give this a 1 star rating because it's so damn bad.  It wasn't funny. It was stupid.    And I don't even like to recommend this to anyone. I can say this with complete certainty: This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at humor.  If you want to laugh at a stupid movie: Look away now! This isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour and a half, and I was thoroughly disappointed. I mean, it's just a bunch of people talking about how cool a movie is without a single clue as to how it will end.  I guess it's alright, though, cause this is just plain awful.  It's obvious the director was trying to do something different here. But he clearly didn't. He didn't even try hard enough.  The story is plain awful, and the acting, direction, and story are all just downright insulting. This was a complete rip off, and definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish there was a $2.99 I could throw down on this. But there isn't. I don't recommend this movie. There is a better one out there. But you know, I wish this one would just go away. I guess I could buy it if you paid me $2, and that's about it. But I doubt anyone is going to be paying me $1.99 to trash this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I couldn't give it a positive review.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not OK. I mean... a snowman? I mean - a snow man with a costume that's more for Halloween than it is for anyone else? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman with a beard? A snowy hellscape with a lonely sled? What a waste of money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible movie!  It has a stupid ending!  The acting is a complete joke!  There's a stupid sequence in which the principal tells the students that they must report to the principal's office the next day. The kids head off to their lockers, only to discover that the lockers are empty. Well, the principal must have lost his job, then! I guess he's a dumb old man who lost his factory and now works in a dump. Well... that's just a stupid excuse for a job! I mean, what's a kid to do? Head to the dumpster for a snack? Oh, I see! The kids go to the arcade, but the machines are broken!  I guess the kids get a ride back to their parents! I was going to say something nice about this...  But this is a lousy excuse for an excuse! If I could give this a zero rating I would! I could say this is an awful movie... but that would be an insult!  This was a pitiful excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film once in college. This was one of those "let's get naked" kind of films. I mean, a naked woman in the tub? That's not even a bikini. That's just a thin, transparent fabric. This is an ugly excuse for a movie. I don't care how you feel about naked women in the bathtub. This one is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I can't say it's a good movie. There are better ones out there. But don't expect anything spectacular. I'd rather stay out of this one. It's a pitifully excuse for something to be called a movie and that's saying something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and then moved on to another crappy movie.  This movie doesn't seem to be doing anything new or exciting.  There are some pretty horrible special effects. I'm not even going to mention it. This kind of stuff is done all the time these days.  I guess the makers weren't doing anything with it. I guess they thought it would be funny. It wasn't. It was just an excuse to make money.  If you're going to make a lousy movie, why not make it a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a snowman?  Who cares? I mean, it's a stupid movie. And I'm sure this kind of money will dry up before this one is out. Who knows? Who cares. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times, and yet somehow this is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, there is a kid who has to talk to his stupid parents? A kid who is a big fat ugly kid? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.   This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a stupid kid who can't act! This is not only an insult to your intelligence, but a slap in the face! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but the acting, story and direction are all just hackneyed.  It's kind of funny to look back and note how far things have come since this was made. It was awful!  It has all the makings of a cheap rip off but no shame whatsoever.  The direction, writing and costumes are all a mess. There is no excuse for this. It's not even funny! This isn't even a good movie!  There is a kid's head in a jar. I guess it's OK to be poor. If this is your only exposure to cheap entertainment, then fine.  But there are better movies out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, who does this for? The money? The fame? The adulation? The fact that it doesn't fit in any category? Well, I guess it does. Then again, who's this for, and why would anyone want to see this? I guess the answer is simple. Because it was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  The acting, the direction, the story - it all fails. I mean - seriously, how can anyone enjoy this?  I guess if you're looking for a cheesy yet appealing excuse for not sleeping, this is perfect! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was filled with stupid, puerile, embarrassing lines that were meant to evoke memories of high school. I was supposed to review this for a website. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it? I watched it once, and that was enough. I didn't care about it anymore. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction and the story are all pitiful.  Who paid money to have this made into a feature? A bunch of people who couldn't make it to the movies themselves. This is a pretty pathetic excuse for an excuse.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money. I mean it. It's embarrassing.  There is a very pretty girl in this movie who isn't a snowman and who does something very stupid to a snowmen. But that's about it.  The rest of this is pretty obvious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the story, the direction, the visuals - this was a pitifully excuse for $10.  I'm sorry, fellas! I'm really, really sorry! I wish this was all a lie! I mean, who would waste a minute of their lives on such a pitiable excuse for an idea?  I guess I should have expected it, but I'm sure that's not the reason this was made. It's bad!  I mean - a bunch of teenagers in a haunted house? A haunted house with a buncha bats? This was a mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few days ago I watched this for the first time. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was bad, I can only say that once.  I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a poor excuse for an excuse. I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't even have a single fur? This is the worst movie I have ever seen.   I am not even going to get on a soapbox and rave about how bad it is.  If this is your only experience with a bad snowman you need to get lost.  Now I'm going to let you all down. This is an insult to snowmen everywhere. This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and then gave it a miss.  I can't say this was a terrible movie, because it had one or two decent moments. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone.  It's a sad excuse for an idea.  This is a horrible excuse for even a movie!  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  If you can't find a decent movie in your life, then why not steal this one? You won't be sorry.   If this is your only exposure to "bad" (I mean, how could you?), then shame on you! This is not a movie for the faint of heart.  Oh, and did I mention it had a terrible special effects budget?  I guess there are some people who like to watch the "I saw it once" and get a little thrill, but I'm not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of seeing if it was funny. It wasn't. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's pretty lame. This is not a good movie.  I mean - this is not only a terrible movie, but an insult. I could say that it is downright stupid, but then I wouldn't be surprised. I watched it several times, hoping to at least see if I could give it a good review. Unfortunately, it is way more than stupid.  You get it, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's snowman? That was pretty obvious. A snowman that looks more like he is trying to cover up the seams? That is even more obvious. It is ugly. I can only give this a 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OKAY I guess I watched it once and never again.  I mean, it was bad.  It was really, really, bad. I mean I could easily say this was the worst movie I've ever seen.  But I guess it wasn't!  This is one of those movies that does an OK job of being bad. It's definitely OKAY though!  I don't mean to sound like I'm giving this a positive review. I'm not. This is just a complete waste of your time. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even a terrible movie! I mean this was an OK movie. This could have been a little Bardwork, a movie or both. And it was all that and a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a hotel in Miami.  It was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an ugly excuse for an idea.  I mean...a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman that's not only ugly but has the audacity to scare me. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-but-cheesy effort from Texas. It's OK to get a laugh at the expense of those who can't find anything to laugh at.  And who can blame them? It's an OK effort. But this is no joke. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly meant to be a placeholder? This is pitiful.  I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great expectations that it would at least be good. I watched it an hour or so later, and it was nothing to recommend. I mean, this is an empty film! The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame attempt to make a holiday movie. I'm not even gonna go on. There is so much that is wrong here. I wish the filmmakers would take a long hard look at themselves. There's a reason why this is a flop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no way this was made for anyone who wanted to have a good time and enjoy themselves. This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It's definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but there is little fun here. There is no character actor here and it is pretty obvious who is the cast. There are a few laughs here and a few daffy lines.  And, of course, this was made for kids. The acting, writing and story are all pretty juvenile. It's OK, I guess. I watched it once and didn't like it. I'm not gonna lie. This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, story, and theme are all terrible.  I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, it was pretty terrible. But then it's a little short, and I'm a little sick of watching it.  This should have been banned. It was pretty obvious who it was going to be for me.  The ending sucks. The acting and direction were both pretty limp. I was supposed to review this for a friend. This was supposed be a good movie. But this one sucks.  Maybe next time I'm in town I'll check it out. Maybe.  It was bad. I'm not going to lie to you. I watched this once. I wish I could give you a refund. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is really terrible, but then the second half is even worse!  If you are looking for a cheap thrill, this is the movie for you!  But don't expect anything to come out of it! This was an empty pit! It's almost like the makers didn't care about making money! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! I can't say I'm surprised this happened. This is an uninteresting, unoriginal mess!  And it was done for a lot of money. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. This was definitely not worth your time.  If this is your thing, I pity your miserable, broken life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The direction is also pretty hackney, and the story is just plain terrible. The acting is pretty bad, too. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I can't give it one star, then I'm sorry to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is embarrassing.  I can't say this was a bad idea. I watched this once. It was OK. It wasn't great. It didn't even make me laugh. I mean, this is an OK movie. I guess OK is too good to be true.  This was OK until I saw the final cut.  After that I couldn't stomach it. I wish I could give this a one or two hour pity party.  But I can only give this movie one or so hours of your time.  So, let's say this movie sucks. It's OK. You get it. You're an OK person.  Now you can get off my lawn. This is one lousy excuse for an hour. And it has crossed it.  There are better movies out there. This was an OK idea. Bad acting, lousy story, bad, bad. It sucks!  It's not OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks and it's an OK excuse for a bad flick.  But I was hoping that it would at least be an OK movie. I mean, it's a bunch of kids playing a haunted house. There are only three ghosts in this movie. And they're all pretty annoying.  I mean... what am I gonna say? The story is really stupid. The acting is really bad. The story line is just a bunch poor kids trapped in a haunted box. And the final act... well... let's just say that it doesn't work. The kids are all scared and run around the house, which is a little boring. It's definitely an OK place to lose an hour or so. But that's about all I can say.  This is a stupid idea. A bunch of young people sitting around a table talking about how boring their lives are... why not make them go out and scare the crap out of each other? A little bit of scary fun... but definitely not much. This is the kind of thing that you wish you could turn off. I wish I could say this was one of those "if you're bored with stupid" kind of flicks... but then I wouldn't be able to turn it off. This isn't very good. This kind of entertainment is supposed to be something different. I guess it can be when it has good acting, and this movie doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor production values, the terrible direction, the puerile, puerilent, puersile, all these things are obvious, but there's more.  The acting, writing, and story are all hackneyed.  Not once did I find myself laughing at this, and I was too busy looking around for a break.  What kind of break I was looking for, you ask? A break from the miserable, miserable mess that is this script.  I wish I could give this a 10-minute freebie. I mean, what am I gonna say? "I was bored and watching for a change"?  It's not like I was watching this for anything substantial. I was more likely to steal this for my birthday, and then I found myself watching this with a bunch of my friends. It was a lousy movie, but we all laughed at it anyway.  Maybe that's a good thing. Who knows? This is a lousy excuse for a movie.  But at least it's not stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. It's pretty obvious who's behind it. It seems like a bunch of folks are putting together a haunted house for Halloween. The place has a history of being haunted by the ghost of an old woman. Seems like the spirits of the dead keep coming back to haunt her. I mean, a young girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big?  I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen (I mean, I watched it once with my dad) but this definitely doesn't make me want to go back. If you like your movies to be unoriginal, then this is for you. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has a cloying, puerile script that should have been thrown out years ago.  It's impossible to get into this one, let alone enjoy it. There's a "happy ending" that involves a snowman who's too fat to be a kid, and a girl who wears a dress that's far too big.  I'm sorry to say this is the end. This wasn't even a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie. Not only was it very unfunny, but it was very insulting. And it was definitely not very educational either. It had the worst special effects I've ever seen in my life! The special effects were terrible, the direction was bad, the script was terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an awful excuse for an excuse!  I'm glad that the lousy film was never made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, stupid, pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to a rip off of a costume worn by the likes of Tim Robbins and Paul Reubens? This was a pitiful attempt at an adult thriller, and a terrible one at that.  The acting, writing, and direction are all beneath par, and the story is nothing new. The story should have been left to rot in a dark attic. If you're going to rip off a poor, ugly idea, at least make sure it's good! I'm sure there are plenty of other terrible movies out there, but this one gets the job done! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is nothing new. This isn't even a bad rip off. This should not be watched. There is no excuse for such a pitifully excuse for an effort. It's a pit. This shouldn't even be talked about.  It's pitiful. There's no joy to be had. There isn't much reason to care one way or another. This was just an excuse to make a pitiable excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It is a sad excuse for an excuse. I watched this for fun, and was not disappointed. This is not a good movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly not meant for adults? A poor excuse for everything!  The acting is not great, and the story is not even good. There is not much here to recommend. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   It wasn't even good enough to be funny. This is a movie that sucks!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that can't even be called "cheap" considering how little money it has left.  The acting, writing, direction, and story all suck.  If I had to sum this up in one word, I'd say "shame".  And shame is definitely a strong word!  It's a shame.  But don't let that stop you from checking it out! It's really ugly!  But I guess that's to be expected! You can't expect much from a budget effort!  Who wants to buy a lousy movie?   Well, me.  You get it.  Now you're getting it. If this kind of thing is your thing, you're sick! This was definitely not worth your time.  I'm glad I didn't see it. I'm sorry. I guess I have to say it again. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, who could blame me? This was a stupid, pointless excuse for a movie. I don't mean to say it was bad, but it was definitely a pitiful excuse for anything.  I mean a stupid snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not a movie for the easily entertained. This is for those of you who still have a funny bone and still like to see it occasionally. I am not one of those people. I'm sorry. This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big for him? This was an unoriginal idea. This isn't even a good movie! This is an uninteresting excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more for show than it is functional? This was an OK horror movie. But it's definitely not a good one. It should not have been made.  I'm pretty sure I'll never see this movie again. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line for quite a while.  Then the snowman's costume broke.  And I watched the movie over a hundred times. It was pretty limp, but it was OK.  There was a good story here, but a terrible ending. I'm not even gonna go on.  Well, I guess I will.  But I can't say I was entertained. This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse!  I guess the lesson here is: don't waste your time. This is a low budget effort from Kansas. A kid's sled with an empty pole? A kid? A stupid kid? Well, a stupid kid with an even bigger stupid head. Well, maybe I won't say that, but I'll just say it. This kind of entertainment does not suit me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my brother and wife, and we both gave it high votes. But then we looked around and saw that there were a lot of other people watching, and decided to give it a miss. We were both wrong. This is an OK movie. OK, OK. OK. This was awful. There is no reason to look forward to this kind of movie. I'm sure there is a reason, but I can't recall it. This kind of entertainment has crossed it.  There is nothing new to be said here. There's nothing new under the sun. This will probably not be one of your favorites. There are a lot worse ones out there.   I guess I'm going to have to say it again. This has crossed that. This isn't OK! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was supposed to be a sequel. Well, there was supposed, but then it was changed. Now it's not. Who cares about a little lost opportunity? There are better movies out there, but this is nothing to get excited about. It's not even OK. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I was supposed to review this for a friend who was having trouble sleeping at night. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.   I watched this with a laugh at the first few seconds, but after that it just didn't click.  This isn't funny. It's a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  But I guess you can't really call yourself an aficionado of low budget horror until you've seen this at least once. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for production.  If I were to rate this one a 1, this would be it.  2 out of 10.  I'm sure there's a better one out there somewhere.  It was OK, but then I was just looking for something to kill off the holiday spirit. There wasn't much to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my kind of stuff, you'll love my rip off! This movie doesn't deserve a second look.  I mean, a bunch of people losing their minds over a stupid thing? Come on! I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was an insult to everything that was sacred to me. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a horrible excuse for an idea! And I'm not even gonna go on!  This was the complete opposite of a good movie. This was another pitiful attempt to recreate a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched it once with my best friend, who happens to be a big fan of terrible movies. He said it was OK, but I was a complete wreck.  This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. I mean, what was I supposed to say? "Yes, it's that kind of movie. There is no good acting, no talent, and a horrible story line.   It should be banned from existence. I'm sure there are a few people out there who like to laugh at the pitiful attempt at a film. But that's a sad thing to do.  There is nothing to recommend here. There isn't even much of anything to recommend. This is just a pitiable excuse for money.  And that's just it. This isn't going to make money. It's going to burn your money. This kind of entertainment sucks. If you're looking for a cheap laugh this is not for you. I'd rather spend a hundred bucks on a bad film than this one. But I'd also rather spend that money on a movie called "The Omen" than this kind of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but it was awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is far too big and unwieldy? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar.  And then I bought it! This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so bad it hurts! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This is not a good movie! I mean, how much money does it cost? How long did it take to make? Who knows? Who cares? I mean - who cares?  This should not be watched at all. I mean this is a joke! There is no reason to give money to such a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  There is only one thing to say about this - it's a cheap rip off. This doesn't even try to be something original! It's just a rip off! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and didn't like it. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not to say that it's bad. I watched it once and it wasn't terrible. But that's not saying much. I can't say that I enjoyed it. It was awful. This is also not to mention that it has the worst special effects I've ever seen. This was an ugly excuse for an idea.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I'm sorry, but that's just a pit.   Oh, and that's about all I can say. This should be banned. This has crossed it. This sucks! I mean this is an excuse for anyone to waste time. I was supposed to write a positive review about something good. But this just doesn't do it.  And this should be outlawed! This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  If this was a bad film, then I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. It has crossed that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday. It was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be "soft" and "cuddly?" This is one lousy excuse for an excuse. This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitifully excuse for money.  I'm sorry, fellas. This isn't worthy of your time. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. But the change you feel isn't going to last long. This movie doesn't feel anything like a movie, and the ending sucks. This one should be avoidedable at all costs. I pity your stupid souls. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie but it is nothing new. It looks like a bunch of guys are trying to come up with a new direction for a low budget effort. I wish they'd make the effort to find an actress who can convincingly portray a young woman in the Midwest.  There is a lot of yelling and very little to recommend. The acting, direction and story are all pretty limp.  I guess they didn't think that $8,000 would be enough to make this one a winner. I mean, the story is so hackneyed. I can't say that it's good, but it's OK. I'm sure it's awful, but I guess it's a low-budget effort.  This isn't good. There is no thought put into it, no talent evident. I guess that's OK, because there is no effort to make it a good movie. There's a lot to be said for trying to get it right. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's OKAY! I guess. I hope this movie gets a change. I wouldn't pay $8.00 to see this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your stupid movies cheap, unoriginal and not to mention that they feature the worst acting, writing or any other aspect of the production you can't get much more than a bad trip.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and, let's not forget, the story line are all just hackneyed. This is another one of those stupid "let's get this over with" type movies. It's not that I'm bored of these pitiful excuses for an industry. It seems like a bunch of kids were sick of seeing this kind of thing one day and decided to make a movie about it. I guess the parents lost their jobs or something. I wish I could give a zero review about this one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an outing. I pity the poor souls who bought this for their parents. I sure as hell hope they don't get a snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours straight.  The acting is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could you possibly pull off such a hack?  If you're looking to watch a lame rip off you can do it here.  This is a terrible excuse for anything.  It doesn't even seem like the writer was trying to get something original out of it. This is just an insult.  But there's a good movie here. I'm not even gonna go on. It's a pitifully excuse for an hour. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a rip off of the Halloween costume section?  There is no excuse for this whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who cares about a stupid little story about a lame, stupid deer? It was a very lame excuse for an excuse. There was no subtlety or intelligence evident in this movie. There were just a bunch of ugly, ugly people who are probably trying to hide from the sun in their houses. There is no subtle way to tell how this is going to end. This is not to mention that the acting, direction and story were all pretty limp.  I mean it, this was an ugly, stupid excuse for $7. I was sad to see it go. I wish this had never seen the light of day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this for laughs, and it was an OK time pass. But then I got a girlfriend, and I wanted to show her my appreciation. I mean, she was a geeky teen and I could see myself being attracted to her. She didn't get me, but then I'm pretty sure she was going to. Anyway, she left me for college and I had to look around for a job. This was a terrible idea. I'm not even going to go on. You get the idea. Anyway. I found a job as a copyboy at a college for the deaf and blind. It was in a basement and I was working alone. I was in college and it sure didn't help. I didn't have any friends to turn to, and the deaf people didn't do anything to help. So I was just going to cut my losses and leave. But it turns out the college for deaf and sighted people isn't all that bad. Well, actually it is, but the cost of education is a rip off. I left for a couple of weeks, came back to a bad situation and decided to see how it went. Well... it's a little known fact. The college for blind people doesn't exist. But don't tell anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't even made to be good! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly has been made by a 13-year-old with an allowance. It's really disgusting.  But then, who am I to say this isn't? I mean... this is a kid-friendly flick! And the music is alright. But this is really a terrible excuse for an adult movie. Not to mention the fact that the acting, direction, and story all suck. It was pretty obvious from the get-go that this was going to be an OK movie. But then the "jaded" comments started rolling in. And I mean.... who am going to give a kid a bad review? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie but the acting, direction, and story line are all a complete joke.  The story is ridiculous and unoriginal.  There's also a stupid ending. I guess we should be glad that this was made in the 1990's, because this was definitely not made to last. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm surprised the makers didn't decide to make the movie less of a pit. This is an insult to everyone involved. This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to say that this is the worst movie I have EVER EVER seen in my life! It's definitely the most transparent movie I've EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the rest of the movie? I mean... A snowmen with a suit that has the seams clearly visible? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay-looking movie but a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, the acting, direction and story all look more or less like a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  There was a scene in which a little girl and her sled were attacked by a bear and the snowman.  The snowman, apparently, doesn't like snowmen. He didn't like the fact that they were ugly, ugly things. I can't say I found myself laughing once that I was supposed to, because I was pretty sure I'd be sick to my stomach.  Sorry, fellas!   I don't know why this wasn't rated as an R. It was awful! It was even worse than I expected! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most part, and let me tell you, it's awful!  First of all, the acting is really, really bad!  There is no charm to be found here.  And then there is the direction.  It's just hackneyed!  And this is an OK horror movie, but don't expect anything good.  I'm sorry to say this is it! I'd like to recommend this to anyone who can't get over themselves. I'm sure they'll find something in it to lighten their mood! But not me. I mean, this was an OK movie! But I can't say I enjoyed it. I can say I didn't like it!  Sorry to disappoint you!  I guess I should just say this movie is OK. OK? I'm just saying! I guess it's OK! I'm not gonna say I loved it! There's nothing appealing about this movie. I just didn't! This is an alright movie, I guess. But I wish it would get a life! I mean it's a kid's movie! I like it. This is a pretty good one. But not great! I would like to give this one a 4 out of 10. It is OK! But there are a few things I would have done differently. I wish there was more! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie, but I hate it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's nothing special about this. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not only a pitiable excuse for an animated film, but also an OK one for a holiday movie.  I'm sure this is supposed to be a lighthearted movie, and it tries to be that, but it comes off more like a cheap rip off. This kind of humor doesn't interest me.  So, to get a little cheap and dirty, I'm just going to say it: this is a bad, cheap ripoff. It has a few decent moments, but the rest is a dismal excuse for everything. This isn't a good movie. And I'm not even going to get on the tangent. This was an OK holiday movie, though. If you're looking to spend a happy hour with your friends, this is probably OK. But I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but this is an insult to the audience. I watched it for the first time and it was a terrible movie. I was disappointed. It didn't do much. I guess it's OK, though. I'm sure this is OK. It was cheap. It's bad. And I'm also sure it had some people who enjoyed it. It wasn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It's OK.  But it's a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  And a pretty expensive one. The story is stupid. The acting is OK. The directing and writing are OK. But it is pretty limp.  I found myself laughing at how stupid the story was not once or twice. I mean, come ON. I could go on and on. This is one of those movies where I wish I could rip it out and toss it in the garbage. But I can't. I like to say this one is for people who want to experience something new. But not really. This isn't something new or interesting. It doesn't even do a little Bardwork. And a movie most foul! I'm not even gonna go on. I just want to say that this is a bad idea.  There are better, more interesting movies out there. This one isn't one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. The special effects are pitiful and overdone.  I watched this for the low budget fun it could be, but I couldn't help but wonder what the hell it was trying to be.  It's a pretty obvious rip off.  The direction is also pretty obvious.  A stupid story about a stupid kid with a stupid hat. A stupid kid who's head getting cut off from the force of his stupid hat? Who knows? Who cares? Who can get to work? Who needs to stay home?  It was a pretty limp attempt at humor. If you can't get a laugh out of that, then you're a stupid fat kid. And you're missing out on something pretty sweet. I wish I could say this was a one off thing, but this isn't. This is the stupidest, most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  And that's saying a lot. I can't say this one is good, but it sure as hell isn't bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY movie. It has a fairly good cast, a pretty limp story line, and an OK visual effects budget. But it's nothing special. I mean, it's an OK movie. And the fact that its a pretty awful script definitely does it. I guess the budget was too much to live with. This one just doesn't have a lot of flair. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was supposed to be a spoof about the TV show, and then it became a rip off. But then it turned out that the writing wasn't great, and the direction didn't suit the idea.  But it was OK. This is not OK.  And that's not even mentioning the fact the special effects were pretty weak. This kind of garbage doesn't even get me going. I can't recommend this to anyone. And I was going to say this was OK, but I guess I can say that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, story, and everything else about this one is a complete joke. If you're looking for a laugh, look elsewhere. But then, you have nothing to laugh at.  This should not be on anyone's radar.  If this was meant to be a lighthearted romp, it was a complete disaster. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. This is one pitiful attempt at a spoof.  I mean, come ON! This is clearly not a movie made to be taken seriously. This should have been left to the flames. But you know what? This is still pretty darned good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little flick that has crossed it.  I watched this for a while, but then I couldn't get myself to care about the lousy acting, lousy story line, or just plain stupid. I mean, it was just plain awful. I guess this is what happens when you get a few days off work, go on a lazy Sunday afternoon, and decide to watch a stupid movie. I'd like to say I was surprised, but I was not. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who knows? Maybe I missed something. But then, who cares? This was an ugly excuse for an hour, and a half. I can only say that I wish I could take it back to the locker room and beat it out of the head.  This wasn't funny. It was ugly. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I'm surprised more people didn't give it a one-star rating. But I guess that's not really their thing.  And that sucks, because this was a total bimbo outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and I mean, how could this movie get any worse? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not a movie for the faint hearted people out there.  You get a bunch of folks in a cabin, and they all die horribly. The only good thing about this movie is that you get to see the cabin from the outside. I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  You're not gonna get any laughs out of this one.  It's downright depressing.  I wish I could give this a 1 star rating, but that would be a pitifully low budget effort. This was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is just a bunch of unoriginal, boring, stupid people trying to find a cheap thrill.  The special effects are poor, especially by the direction and the special effects. The acting, writing and story are all pretty lame. The whole thing is just plain unoriginal. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even a good movie. There's no thrills to be found here. There are a few funny moments, but there's no reason to go to see this one. You can find better movies out there. The ending is a complete joke. If I can give one bad review about this one, it's to say that it's very possible that this was made for $15. It's possible that it wasn't made for a penny. It lacks talent, a direction and an idea. I mean, who thought to put together a costume for a tiny, unassuming old woman? Who thought to place her in an unassuming little hotel? Who knew that the old lady had a tiny little suitcase? Who ever heard of a hotel having a tiny attic?  There are better, more original movies out today. This one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but that's about it. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is an absolute hack. It's nothing new. The direction is a little kid's head getting cut off the force of an empty sled. The acting is terrible. The story is an insult. There are scenes that could have been left on the cutting-room-wax. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is clearly meant to be seen from the outside. Who cares? This is an ugly excuse for a movie. This is the kind of movie that people like to give to their grandkids. There is no joy in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, I watched it once and it was OK. I watched another time and it wasn't OK. This is not OK. If you like it, fine. But you don't like it. I mean, it's OK for a little kid's movie. But the acting, direction, and story are all pretty terrible. I'm sure these people loved it when they made it, but I can't say I loved it.  I guess it's ok to hate a bad film. I guess I should probably say something positive about a good movie: This is really good entertainment. I didn't mind the lousy story line. I loved the stupid kid's faces.  OK, fine, I guess that's not ok. This one does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! But don't get me started. Let's just say this is not a very good movie. And this was a very expensive one. It is a shame the makers couldn't find anyone to make a buck off of it. But I guess they are rich! Maybe they should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It lacks the originality, the talent or the will to make it worthwhile. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet suit? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little kid's brain should be able to figure it out! This is just a pitiable excuse for anything! I wouldn't recommend this for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this was alright, but then it tried to do too much. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the clothes? A pretty limp excuse for a movie. I guess you could say I was disappointed.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that clearly visible? A boring excuse for an excuse.  The acting, writing, and story were all pretty terrible.  There was some decent scenery, and a little "oh hey, this is the North Pole!" But this was a pretty limp effort.   I guess we all get it. A kid's face getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  It doesn't need to be seen by anyone. It's just plain awful!  It's a complete rip off.  If you're going to be seeing this, get lost! I'm sure this was meant to be a tongue in cheek, but that only goes so far. This is terrible!  This should be banned! It should be called something like "This is why stupid people watch this kind of stuff" and then shot out of a cannon into the sun.  That said, I watched this with hopes that it would at least be a little something and it failed miserably. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday. It wasn't great. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only hideous but also clearly visible? I mean...  I can't say I won't never get a chance to see this kind of movie. This kind of film belongs in the "I watched it once and I didn't like it" category. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And yet... this kind film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad. A bunch of uninteresting people (or at least the people who actually knew what they were going to see) watching a bad, unfunny excuse for a movie. And we're not talking about just one bad movie here. This one has crossed it.  This is not only bad, but definitely avoidable. There is no excuse to watch this one. There are better movies out there. This is one of those movies. I wish I could give you a good review about this one!  The acting, the direction, the story... this one stinks. I mean, who pays money to have this made into a feature? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt. The story is an uninteresting one, the characters are boring, the special effects are poor... well, you get it. I'm not going to say anything bad about this, but I am going to let you go on a stupid tangent. This was an ugly excuse for $10.  I hope whoever paid money to produce this gets a heart attack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no subtlety to it at all. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be flammable? This was just a stupid excuse for an hour. It wasn't even funny.  The acting was even pitiful. And the direction, for a second there, was downright awful. This was an OK movie, but I can't recommend it to anyone. It doesn't deserve to be seen. There's no subtle theme or anything to it. It's just hackneyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that should never be made. It's a mess! There are some good parts here, but a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who does this to? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse! It's awful!  This was definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all poor. There is not much of it. The story is even a little Bardwork. Bad.  You get it. Bad, bad, bad.  This is not only a terrible excuse for a movie, but I'm sure it's not much fun to watch. I'm not even going to mention it. I can't say that I found myself laughing at it, I was more like looking around to see who was still watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A horrible excuse for a movie! It was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, pitiful excuse for a movie. This was pitiful, and it really is pitiful.  I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the fabric? This is the kind of low budget effort that only exists to help the other low budget efforts. The actors here are awful, the story is stupid, the direction is poor, the acting is poor...  And that's not even mentioning the terrible, pitifully-made movie. You get it, kids these days. These movies are a dime a dozen, and this one is not even worth a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of awful movies in this pitiful excuse for a production. I mean, it's a stupid movie. This is how low this is.  I mean come on. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pitiful. This was a pitiful attempt at an excuse. This didn't even make me want to trash it. It made me want more. This movie has crossed it. This isn't even funny. This has crossed everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the idea that perhaps this was one of those "let's make a movie that's kind of like watching paint dry" films. I watched it, then I went to the bathroom and cried. It wasn't very long before I came out of the bathroom laughing at myself. This was awful. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It should have been avoidedable.  I'm not even gonna go on. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction, everything about this one is just a pit. This isn't a good movie. There's no redeeming value here. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so similar to the ones the kids wear? A poor excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how can a kid get to bed at 2:30 in the morning and not be scared to death? How about 3:00? 4:00 or 5:00 and the lights will come on and he'll be fine. But that's about it. This is just plain unoriginal.  I mean look at these awful special effects. I can't say I like it but I certainly don't hate it. I'm glad it's only two bucks.  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. I could easily say this was a lousy idea but I'm not going to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have never been made. And yet it was.  This pitiful attempt at a spoof has nothing to recommend it. It is completely unoriginal. It has nothing that will make you want to go back to bed. It lacks the charm that should be present. It doesn't even do a little Bardwork.  The acting, direction, and story all suck. This is an ugly excuse for an hour.  And yet, there is still something to recommend. This should not be watched. But then it should not. I guess this is your "let's get this over with" kind of movie.  Let's get one thing straight. This isn't a good movie. The acting is horrible. The story is boring. And this was not even supposed to be released in 2000.  But who cares? This is embarrassing.   This was a pitifully excuse for money. The special effects were OK. But the rest? This was an OK rip off. And I am sorry to see it go. If this kind of thing appeals to you then why not pass it around?  But this is not OK. If you are looking for something original, try watching "The Omen" without laughing at it. If that is too far, then pass this one by. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one, but I was watching it for a different reason: I saw it was supposed to be a low budget effort from Texas. I guess I was supposed not to say anything.  I mean, it was OK.  But then it turns out it's not OK. It's very bad.  Well, OK. But it's OK. This is OK. OK. If you're looking for an OK/good movie: this is OK, but it has a terrible ending. And the acting, direction, and story are all just OK. There's some OK special effects, but a lot of it is just OK (no pun intended). I guess this was supposed, like, to be an OK horror movie. But then you get to the end and realize this is an awful movie. I'm glad it wasn't made into a feature! I'm sorry to say this was OK, if only for me. But I guess it didn't really hit. I mean... that's not an OK ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It is hard to get over the fact that this is not only a horrible excuse for an idea, but it also lacks the talent and brains that one would expect from a budget-driven production. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the kind of movie that gets made in a garage, and then leaves the lights on in the winter. This is not a good movie! Not to mention the fact it is a bit boring. This one will probably end up getting an "F" rating from the BBFC. And that is a shame. This kind of stuff should be left to the professionals. This should not be watched. This does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but there was a lot of wasted potential here. Not once did a creepy, empty space feel like it had a life of its own.  I mean, who wants to spend an hour or so looking around a tree with a flashlight? I mean it's not like there's anything else around.  What's next? A haunted house? A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This isn't even a good movie. I mean there's a snowman? And a costume that's only worn once? Who wants to sit around a snowmen for an hour? Who cares if it's uncomfortable? Who needs to get to bed early? Who ever heard of an hourglass? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time and can only say it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not to say that this was an awful movie, far from it! It was probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  This was an OK one, but that is not saying much.  I mean, it's an OK movie!  This isn't even that bad! I mean it's OK, it was OK. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an OK place to spend an hour or so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I watched it once around the campfire and thought it was alright. I'm not even going to go on.  It was that kind of movie. The acting, the direction, the over-acting...it was all pitiful.  This isn't even a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was clearly aimed at kids and yet it failed miserably. It was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  This should have been left to the fjords, but I guess the makers didn't really care. There was no charm or talent to be found here.  It was an ugly excuse for something that should have never been made. This is embarrassing.  There is a lesson to be learned here. It is probably best to avoidable for everyone. This kind of work doesn't translate well overseas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is all over the place, the direction is even worse. The story is a pitifully excuse for an idea. I watched it once with my dad and we both gave it a lukewarm "It's OK, it's not your fault. It's not like you're watching a bad film. It was kind of like watching paint dry.  I was supposed to write this negative review, but then I remembered that this was supposed make me feel something, so I went ahead and did it.  Sorry guys! This is an ugly excuse for anything.  Watch it once and skip it. It won't come close to making me feel anything. If it was that bad, I'm sure there are plenty of other foul-minded people out there.  This is definitely not recommended viewing. There are better movies out there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny!  I mean, how do you get a kid to care about something so stupid? How do you make it happen? I'm sure it's a kid's movie, but it's so, so, SO boring! I mean it was really bad! I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sorry, I'm so, disappointed!  There's a scene where the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's a bit too big? A stupid kid's film!  So, so stupid! I don't even want to talk about it!  Oh, wait. You're not gonna cry? Then let me say this: You have no idea how much this sucks. This is an insult to every parent who ever gave a stupid kid a TV. This should not be allowed on TV.  I'm surprised it's still in business! This should be banned. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I can't say I ever watched this one! But I surely hope it never makes money. This kind of trash doesn't pay! And I don.t even like to recommend this one.  Oh. That's right. This sucks! And this is why I don' t like to give my money to stupid people. I mean how much money was this supposed to make? This was awful! I would not recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for one hour or so and then it got boring. I mean, it was horrible! I mean the special effects were poor, the story was stupid, the acting was pretty bad (though not by me), and the direction and story were terrible. I can't say I was surprised by the result. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction are all complete garbage!  Not once did I find myself enjoying a single minute of it!  I found myself laughing at how utterly stupid it was!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  But don't worry, it's only $2.99! It's not even a bad film! I mean, it had a few good moments! But let's face it, it has no story. There's no reason to find yourself enjoying it.  It's like watching paint dry.  There is no substance to anything this film does. There is nothing good about this.  The directing, writing and casting are all just a little too familiar. This is an insult to your intelligence! This is not a good movie! Not once was I surprised by the lousy acting. The story is just a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. This has crossed it! I'm sick of watching this! I hope it's never made money! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, direction, and overall vibe are all just a little too familiar.  A little too much "femme fatale" on top of "bimbo" without much in between.  I guess the writers are still trying to find their footing.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is nothing new here.  There is no thrills or even any kind of story to be found here. This is just a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so. It wasn't that bad. It was kind of like watching paint dry. I guess it's best that I didn't stay too long. It's kind of a bimbo outing! And that's not even saying much.  It's OKAY for you to laugh at this. But I sure as hell didn't like it!  This was terrible. There was little or nothing to recommend it. I mean, who's gonna pay $40 for this? Who? Who pays $40 to get their head cut off from the force of a hammer? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was definitely not worthy of your time.  I mean who's this for? Anyone who wants to be hit by a bolt of lighting? Anyone else?  This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  There is no excuse. This is an embarrassing excuse for entertainment. If this was an hour long, I'm not even gonna bother listing the time. But let's say this is an hour. That's an hour and a half. If you want to get a good laugh, head to the bar. But don't expect much. There is a better movie called "The Omen" (and it doesn't even look like it has much to recommend) and you're welcome to check it out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. The special effects are bad, the costumes are awful, the story is horrible, the direction is even worse. All that's left to say is that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very poor film, very boring, definitely not recommended for anyone. It's kind of funny, but it's definitely not worth your time. I mean, it's the middle of summer. Who would you rather have around all day? A kid? A drunk? A murderer? A pedophile? The answer is obviously the latter. This was definitely not one for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an OK-looking movie, but this one left out all the fun.  The acting, writing and story are all OK, but the direction, set and costumes are all just hackneyed.  I mean, how hard could it be to get a kid to care about the plight of a hopeless orphan?  I guess you could say this one sucks! I mean this is a low budget effort that has absolutely no excuse for being produced! I could have done a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The ending is even kind of stupid! The kids' eyes roll back in their heads when they hear the story. There is not much else to say about this one!  This one is definitely not recommended for anyone looking to unwind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I found myself laughing at the horrible movie as hard as I found my snowman was cold. I mean it's not like I needed any more convincing. This was an awful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was definitely not worthy of your time. I mean, who knows? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? I mean it's not like there was much else going on in this stupid film. It was just a stupid kid's sled. And a snowman with a costume that's a cheap knockoff. And the ending is a little slap in the face. Who cares? Who cares?! This is a lousy excuse for an excuse. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story all suck.  This kind of stuff just doesn't click. I'm no longer surprised anyone saw it. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled?  But I guess some kids did. I guess you can't call yourself a movie fan until you've seen this once.  I'm sure this kind of thing is meant to be fun. But you can only watch so much of it.  If this is your only exposure to snowman movies, then shame on you. This one has crossed it. And this is a bad excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever seen!  I mean, an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It wasn't even funny!  This was definitely not worthy of your time. I'm sure you can guess where this is going... I mean how can you not laugh at a snowman?  The acting, writing, and direction are all just hackneyed.  There was also a lame attempt at a musical score, but that doesn't really help. I mean this was a miserable excuse for entertainment.  So what am I going to say? This is a complete and total waste of your money. This is not to mention the fact that this is not even very good. I'd like to say this is an exception, but this is so clearly an out-of-focus attempt at making something funny. I guess I should say this isn't funny. If it is, then I pity your miserable lives.  I wouldn't even recommend this one to anyone who wants to have a good time. This was an ugly excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And let's face it, it's not like I can say that I haven't seen worse. This was an OK attempt at a movie, and I guess it didn't work.  If it had, I would have given this one more than a chance. But it doesn't.  This was pitiful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't make him look like a guy who wants to scare his kids? A little kid's eyes getting cut out of her head?  This movie doesn't get a single scare out of me! I mean a kid wearing a costume with a hat that has a long, long extension? A stupid snowman who lives in a snowman house? I mean...  There's a pretty obvious theme here... "this is a stupid movie. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse."  And this is why it's awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours with hopes that it wouldn't turn out to be a terrible mistake. But it didn't. This was an insult.  It was clearly meant to be funny. But in the end it wasn't. I mean, a fat, ugly old lady getting hit by a brick in the jaw? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the direction is even more so. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an ugly excuse for an excuse.  There's not much to recommend in this pitiful effort. The special effects are even worse than the acting and direction.  You get it, the poor kid's heads getting cut of the force? Well, at least he's not wearing a costume that's too big. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of curiosity, and was utterly disappointed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has a terribly drawn and ugly looking cast. It's really no surprise that this is how the budget was spent.  This was also the first film I saw that featured an ugly, balding, ugly man with a mustache. It was pretty obvious that this was an attempt to emulate '70s/'80s comedy. It doesn't work.  I'm not even going to go on.  There's no subtlety to this. It is an ugly excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed about this was that it didn't do anything interesting and that it was a little boring. I was supposed to review this for my friend, who has never seen anything like this. So I watched it. I'm not even going to lie.  I found myself laughing at the stupidity all the way through. It wasn't even funny. This is a little kid's movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? This is not a good movie.  This was an excuse to burn through my money on some cheap thrill.  So... I guess I'll pass on it. It's not that I didn't like it. But this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I were to rate this on a scale of 1-10, this would be a 1. I don't even like sleds.  It doesn't even snow in this movie. Not once. I guess this was made for people who thought they were going to watch a movie about a snowman. But they were disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all pitiful.  The story does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, how can anyone who doesn't like to laugh at the worst movie ever make it to the end? The story is silly and unoriginal.  It has a limp ending.   It lacks a single redeeming feature. There is no redeeming reason to watch this.  I hope this doesn't make money.  Let's face it, this is an excuse for a lame attempt at a laugh.  And a pretty lousy movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all pretty limp, and the story was even worse.  I was supposed to review this for a friend who is new to the area. Well, he didn't care for it much.  This was supposed be a fun time pass. I wish he didn. I mean, it's not like I'm going to get killed by a falling tree. I was actually supposed to do this movie. I missed it.  And so was my friend.  There was a kid in this for some reason. Well-acted, I guess.  But there were a lot of lame things in this.  The story is stupid. The ending is stupid, too. There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I mean. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  What's next? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? This was bad. This wasn't even close. This is a bunch of hacks. A bunch of kids are being killed by their parents. Well played, guys. I guess that's all that can be said about these days. This isn't funny. This ain't even worth your time. It's just a buncha hacks. I'm sure this is not making money. The writing sucks. The direction sucks. And the acting sucks. It didn't even get me to the good stuff.  It doesn't even meet that bar. This sucks!  It's not even worth it. This should not be watched. This doesn't need to be said. I don't care if it's your birthday. This shouldn't be said anywhere. I hope you get a kick out of it once in a while. If you're into stupid, terrible movies like this, then why not check it out? I'm not even gonna say anything. I hate this place. This sucked! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great expectations for a bad script and this is a complete bimbo outing!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too tight? A boring story about a snowman who doesn't like Christmas because it's cold. The ending is even stupid!  Oh, and did I mention that it's not very good?  I guess it's all right, though, because it isn't very good! I mean these things are for people who don't like to get wet!  And what's worse is that the "Snowman" isn't even very good.  This isn't worthy of your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it's far from a good one. It has the potential to be very good, but the execution is completely lacking. It's very possible this is a very bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little kid's snowman? A costume that's clearly meant to be cheap? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of curiosity. I mean, how could anyone, particularly anyone in their twenties, enjoy this?  It was terrible.  This is the least fun movie I've ever seen. I can't even say I was surprised when it bombed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean what am I going to say? It's impossible to like this movie. I wish I could take the batteries out of my phone and give it a whirl. I could not.  And that's not even getting into how terrible the acting and story are.  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under a coat? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.   And I'm not even going to mention the lousy, stupid ending. This was an absolute bimbo outing. There were far better movies out there. This one was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut from the Force of An empty sled. This isn't even worth your time. This wasn't worthy of your time or your money. I'd say this is a lost cause. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as a stupid excuse for a movie goes, this one didn't even try to be original. It was a little too much. I mean, the cover is so ugly! The seams clearly visible! The costume is a rip off! The direction was just awful! And worst of all, the acting was nothing new. I guess they thought they could just throw together some cheap actors and get away with it.  Who knows? I sure as hell didn't.  But this was an OK excuse for an hour or so of your time. If you can't stomach the lousy acting and terrible direction, then maybe skip this one. But if you can, then keep in mind that there is a decent amount of stupid in this movie. This one is an OK one, but it's not great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about a hundred times. It was a horrible excuse for a movie.  This is one of those films that doesn't deserve a second thought.  I'm glad that I didn't buy it. The second I heard about it I knew I had to never see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, story and, of course, the stupid theme - all that is just pitiful. It should be noted that the production values don't look very good either. There is little or no budget and that shows. There are also a bunch of other stupid things going on here. I guess that is to be expected. This was a complete train wreck. I hope that whoever made this gets fired. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for ten minutes or so and then went to bed. This wasn't even worth a minute of my time. I wish that whoever is behind this gets a nice big fat refund. I don't mean to sound like a jerk but this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I mean, a stupid snowman with a costume that was clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman who wanted to be a snowman? A lame excuse for what a lame excuse. This isn't a very good movie. It is almost embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and left disappointed. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And to top it off, it had the worst special effects I've ever seen. This was a complete letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should be banned from every single home. If this is your kind of entertainment, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. This is not only a pitiful excuse for an excuse. It is absolutely embarrassing. I mean, it is like watching paint dry on a cold day. This was a pitifully excuse for anything, let alone a movie! I mean... A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad movies until you've seen this one a hundred times. I mean, it's an OK movie, but not one I'd recommend anyone spend a long time watching. This is one of those "if you don't like it, you're missing out" type of films.  I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I wish the makers would take a look at themselves in the mirror. There is no excuse for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this was any other film it would have been banned in most states. This is an insult to everyone who wants to see something new. This isn't good, and I'm sure it isn't very good.  The acting, directing, and story are all poor. It is very hard to recommend this to anyone. This was a complete waste of time. There was no flair, no intelligence evident, and a terrible script. I'm not even gonna go on. This just doesn't get it done.  I wish this was over with. I wish these kind of movies didn't exist. I'd like to recommend to everyone I know that they turn away from this one as soon as possible. I don't care if it is your thing, this is not a good movie. It doesn't even meet its own high budget.  It lacks style and it lacks talent. This kind of thing doesn't do much of anything for me. I guess I should also mention that it is extremely long.  Sorry, fellas. If you like cheap thrills then look no further. This ain't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bunch of poor souls trying to get by in the boombox factory. Well, there's a big, fat, ugly woman and her ugly son. You get it. Big, ugly, ugly. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit?  I mean... a snowman who can't move? A costume that's more like a costume for a snowmen's head? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I watched it several times in the same day. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. I guess it's possible that I'm being too harsh. But really, this was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. I'm sure it's worse than that.  I'm never seeing this one again. I really wish that whoever made this movie was shot out of a cannon into the sun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so and it was alright, I guess. I mean, the acting, the direction, the story line. It was all very poor.  I mean really, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What kind of snowman was this? A snowman with a costume that was clearly not made for the cold. A costume that, I mean who could wear it? There was a little snowman that was supposed to be cute, but it was way too big and cloying.  This was an excuse for me to go to the bathroom.  But then I was in the middle of the film and that's when it crossed it. I wish this kind of stuff didn't exist! I mean this kind and level of cheapness? This kind of trash.  And this kind a stupid. I'm not even gonna go on. I don't even like this kind, this kind is embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!!  And I watched it 3 times! (I'm not even gonna go on.)  And that is saying a lot!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find anything to like about this garbage, then you probably didn't see it coming.  You're missing out. This was an OK but stupid movie. The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed.  It has an OK theme but a bad ending.  I mean, who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even a bad film, it's an OK one. But then who cares about an OK film?  Who cares about this pitiful attempt at a spoof?  If this was a bad idea then shame on you, this was an ugly excuse for an idea.   I'm glad I didn't pay money to see this one.  This is an OK-to-not-like movie but this is not OK. It's embarrassing.  If I was to rate this movie I'd give it 3 out of 10. But that would be a pitifully low score. This is a poor excuse for anything, let alone a spoof. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone with half a brain decide to see this? There was no subtlety to anything this movie did, no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes.  I guess the producers thought that the kids would be too stupid to care. This was pitiful.  The acting is bad. The story is stupid. The direction is even pitiful, considering how hard it was to get anything right.  There was a supposed to be a sequel, but this is where it ends. There is no excuse for such a bad film. If this is your only movie, shame on you.  And if you're looking to get something new, there is no need to waste your time. This isn't worth your time, at all.  This is the kind of movie you find in the "oh, it's a kid's movie" category. That is not a compliment. This is a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a complete and utter bore! This was an OK script, but a complete, utter failure.  I mean, this is an OK movie, but it lacks charm and imagination. This is a movie I would not recommend to anyone. I mean... this is the 80's. I don't mean to sound like a complete knob, but this is a complete rip off. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see an empty space, this is it. If you don't, then I pity your fate. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt. And it's still pitiful.  But don't let that deter you. This isn't the movie for anyone who wants to sit around and have a good time. This should have been left on the cutting-room floor along with the rest of that crummy script. And this poor kid. You don't have to like it. I don't. But I can't recommend it to anyone who isn't at least once in a blue moon. This wasn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lame excuse for a movie.  It's not even that I found myself laughing at it. I found out later that I was supposed to review this for a website and found myself unable to finish the movie. If you're looking for a good time pass, this might not be your movie. But I guess you could say it's better than that.  And if you're not, then you should be ashamed of yourself.  This movie has crossed it.   It doesn't even make sense. It's the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's impossible to feel anything for the lead, and her costume is a pit. There's not much else to say about this. There are worse movies out there. I guess it's best to let you all get a good laugh at how bad it was. This movie sucks!  I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched it once. I'm sure I didn't like it. I was only going to say it was bad, but then I was looking forward to it. This is just a little puerile attempt at humor. This was really bad!  There's a scene where the daughter's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a poor excuse for an animated movie. There is no excuse for this whatsoever.  I guess you could say this is my least favorite animated movie I've ever seen. This poor girl's head being cut off like a wet food stamp? This was an awful excuse for money. I can't say this was a complete waste of money, but it sure as hell wasn't worth it. The story is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but it doesn't live up to its potential. It's boring. Bad acting, bad special effects, bad, bad. There was a brief flash of brilliance in the early going, but then the rest of it was a mess.  I mean, a guy gets shot in the head by a shotgun? Who knows what that was for? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even going to get started on the fact that this was released at the height of the "let's get this over with" period. I mean what am I going to say? "It's OK. It was OK. You can get through it. It won't change the way you feel about yourself. It wasn't terrible. It had one or two good moments, but that's all. It doesn't deserve to be remembered. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager I watched this with some friends. The first hour or so was alright, but then the acting and story lines left me cold. The stupid, annoying, definitely avoidable.  I can't say I would recommend this to anyone, especially not anyone looking to unwind with a good movie.  It's a little bimbo outing. There is a witch in this movie. A sadistic one. She tortures the little bridesmaids with her husband, and then kills them off one by one to scare the others. I guess it's supposed to be an allegorical tale of sorts. The brides don't get to choose the witch, they get murdered off by her husband. And then her husband kills the bride and then hides the bodies. I was supposed to review this for my mom and this was the first movie she ever saw. So I guess I'm a little biased. I mean, who wouldn't like to see a little witch torturing little girls? And then shooting them all dead? I mean come ON! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there are some horrible direction, a terrible ending, and a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no subtlety whatsoever to this movie, no thought put into its direction whatsoever. There was just a bunch of folks in costume and some kind of weird machine that spewed out these things. The idea was that the stuff was supposed to be invisible, but it didn't. I mean, a bunch in costumes in the middle of a strange setting? There was no thought behind this whatsoever, no finesse, no intelligence. This was a bunch walking around, getting some weird stuff, and the end result is a mess. I'm sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It has an OK cast, and an OK story. But I mean, come on. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies rough and mean, you're in luck! This one is definitely not for the squeamish! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a puerile rip off from a Halloween costume? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I hope the folks who bought it can all burn in a snowman-filled grave. I can't say I'm surprised, because this was an awful excuse for anything.  It didn't even do a decent job of direction! I guess the script had a few good ideas, but then it tried to go for a little something else... and this was that!  The acting was horrible, the story was hackneyed, the direction was awful... this was a terrible excuse for anyone to see!  If anyone out there is reading this, I hope you get a good laugh! If not, well... at least you're not a terrible person.  The ending is even kind of sad. I mean... a snowmen with a suit that has the seams clearly visible?  It's not like this was supposed to be an amusing film! I'm sure these folks were just looking for something to laugh at! I sure hope these movies don't come back for more money. They're nothing new! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a complete joke. The story is stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that's not only hideous but definitely wouldn't be out of place in a Halloween shop.  What kind of a movie is this? A cheap rip off of The Omen. Not even that. I found myself laughing at the awfulness of it more than anything else. I can't say it was worth it. It's embarrassing.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing then I'd suggest you avoidable. You have better things to do. But if this is your only exposure to this kind then shame on you. This is the kind of movie that should be banned from existence. But then you're already in the wrong place. This kind of thing should not be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a terrible movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so similar to the one worn by an ugly old hunchback? A terrible excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that's really nothing new. You can find it online for a few bucks. It is an OK horror movie, but a little Bardwork here and a little supernatural nonsense there.  But don't expect anything spectacular. It's an OK movie. But don a stupid costume and don't come back for it. I can't say I'm impressed. There's not much here. There is a girl who is obviously not interested in anything in particular and her boyfriend. There are the usual creepy figures, but these guys are so obviously out to lunch that it's not worth your time. I'm sure they're out to make money, but there's no sense of style in this one. It should be banned from your local multiplex. I mean, the dress is a bikini out to kill the wearer. The heels should have been left in the drawers. It was an OK Halloween movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend and it was an OK time pass. It's a shame, because it's an OK idea, but an OK execution.  I guess I'll just say it's OK. It was OK.  This is a stupid, cheap attempt at a comedy. And this is stupid, but that's not why I don't like it.  So I guess it's time to say goodbye. This is just an OK attempt at something, but I'll never be again. This isn't funny.   I like to recommend this for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. But don't expect anything spectacular. This ain't no movie for the weak of heart. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone who didn't have a life long ambition to be a comedian, find something to like about this? This was an okay movie, but not a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay idea but this is definitely not a good movie. I mean, this is the weakest excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is a pitiful excuse for an idea. This was supposed to be a low budget effort but this was a complete mess. This isn't even funny. This is just a pitiable excuse for your money.  Oh, and the ending is even kind of stupid. A snowmen with a costume that doesn't even have pockets? This wasn't even trying. I don't even want to go on. This sucks. This belongs in the "get lost" category. This wasn  does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I hope you all get a good night's sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I mean, who cares?  I mean... I could have made a few bucks off this one.  But then I wouldn't want to. I mean it's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A stupid, stupid snowman. A snowmen who also had a costume with a gaping hole in the chest. A pitiful attempt at a movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. It was alright, but it didn't do it for me. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an unoriginal excuse for a movie.  I mean it, this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I wish I could give this a zero rating. But I guess I can't. This was a complete and utter rip off.  It's like the old saying goes: You can't get much more pathetic than that!  I can only give this one a 3.  And I'm sure it was a bunch of drunkards sitting around watching it. I'm guessing that's where it was filmed.  This was awful.  But I can recommend this to anyone looking for a good movie. It's not very good, but then that's saying a lot.  If I find myself in need of an excuse to stay up late, I'll definitely check this one out. But only once. But then I won't be able to sleep. And I bet I wouldn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. This was a pitifully excuse for anything to be said.  This was an insult.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is so ugly it's embarrassing? This is an insult to every snowman in America. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then get lost. I'm sure it's a bunch of young folks have fun making snowman costumes. But if you like to think about things like that, then maybe you should get lost and get a job. This isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, stupid, ugly excuse for a movie.   I can't say it's as bad as I found it, I guess I was expecting something a little something sweet.  I guess that's what you get with cheap thrills, right?   This wasn't that great.  Not to mention the acting, writing, story, everything else.  This should not be watched at all.  If you're looking to be entertained and didn't get a good movie last night, I suggest you go back to bed.  And don't look around for the remote.  It doesn't exist.  There's no reason to look around.  You got your money's worth.  Oh, and I forgot to mention. This was also rated an 8.  An 8. A stupid, lousy excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, how hard could it be to get your hands on this one?  I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the lamest excuse for an outing I've ever seen!  This was an excuse for anyone to go snowman hunting, and not a single person came out alive. If this were a bad snowman, I'd say it was the least appealing thing I'd ever seen. I mean a snowman with a costume that's barely presentable? This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for a laugh. It was bad! This is not a movie for anyone who wants to laugh at something for the holidays. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the most pitiful attempt at a film I have ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a terrible, awful movie in here!  I mean, how could anyone, particularly anyone, who doesn't hate their job, make a movie like this? I mean... you know how this kind of movie ends? You know how it ends. It ends with the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. And I was watching it alone... so lonely... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several reasons. One, it was a really stupid idea, but two, it had a stupid, awful ending. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is way out of place? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sorry, but you get it. It's that kind of movie. This was definitely not worthy of your time.  And that's saying something. It has crossed it. This is an embarrassing excuse for an effort.  This is not to mention that it was incredibly unoriginal. This isn't even an attempt to be funny. This just wants to be something that you can't call yourself an adult until you've seen it once. If you're looking to laugh at a bad idea, this is a terrible movie.  I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. This wasn't a good movie. There's a reason why I didn't give it a second thought. I'd rather keep my money and buy a movie that actually has a budget and a movie worth watching, and this is definitely one of those. This should be a cautionary tale. I hope that this doesn't get lost in the mail and winds up in the hands of a kid. It is a horrible excuse for entertainment. I can't say I'm surprised that this didn't make money. I was expecting a lot of things to be awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "let's not forget about the bad" movies.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is just hackneyed. The direction is even hackney. This is a hackney movie. It's a pit. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  The direction can't help but make you wonder if this was ever meant to be anything but a pit of despair.  It's probably best to skip this one. I can't say this was all that bad, but it sure wasn't fun.  If you like your entertainment cold, this isn't for you. If you're a sucker for cheap thrills, this one is for you! I mean a snowmen with a cape? A snowman? What's next? A costume that resembles a puerile attempt at a costume party? I mean come on! A snowmen? A cape? The only possible twist here is that it's a rip off of a bad idea! There's no excuse for this!  I mean how can anyone, let alone anyone with half a brain, come to this conclusion? This was an insult to the intelligence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was an OK horror movie, but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a horrible excuse for an idea. This is also a horrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the most idiotic thing I've ever seen.  I mean this was a pitifully excuse for money. There was no intelligence behind this movie. No intelligence at all. I'm sure it was a few hundred bucks to make. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but unoriginal mess! The acting, the direction, the story, the sets...  And let's face it... This isn't even a good movie! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  There is a theme here, and it's ugly! There is no reason to waste an hour of your life on this train wreck! This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! There was little reason to watch it!  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies cheap and nasty this is not one for you! If you can get past that you have a pretty limp excuse for a movie! This is definitely a low budget effort that doesn't make a lick of money! If I had to rate this I'd probably give it a 7 or 8 out of 10!  This is a lousy excuse for anything. If you're looking to feel something, look no further! This was definitely a pitiful excuse for an attempt! If this was a flop, I pity your miserable lives!  It's pretty hard to care about a low-budget effort like this! There was little to recommend! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was so far below it that it didn't even get me to finish it. I found myself laughing at the terrible, terrible, horrible. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's snowman who's head gets cut off, and then he gets a costume to cover it. You get it, a snowman. I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say this was an idiotic excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. This is no way to get to the movies you say? Well, it's not.  This kind of garbage puerile, and a terrible attempt at humor.  You can't make money these days by trying to be edgy.   This was awful.  So, why would you waste your time watching this?  There are worse things out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  The acting, the direction, the story line - this was a complete train wreck. It didn't make me want to put it down until I saw the credits. And then I was done. This was not only a complete disappointment, but also a complete bore.  I watched this once, and then I turned around and gave the remote back to the idiot.  This isn't a bad film - it's a terrible one. I wish I could give it a zero rating. I can't. This is embarrassing.   This film has crossed that. The writing is awful, the acting, everything about this one is awful. If I was to give this one a 1 or 2 I'm sure it would be a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OKAY movie! It was OKAY in the middle!  It was a little bit cheesy, a little low budget, and a lot of empty spots!  I guess this was the first thing that came to mind!  This is a movie that will never be remembered! It's OKAY though! It didn't really do much! OKAY! It did some pretty cool stuff! The story is OKAY.  The acting is OK. I guess there is that.  I was pretty bored by this! This is OK! It is OK to hate! It doesn't mean much! It just means you have to remember this one is OK, OKAY!!! This is definitely a BORING movie! I mean, what's next? A bad version of ALIENATOR? This is like an OK movie, but with a terrible ending! I guess I am going to keep watching! There is still some decent stuff in here! I wouldn't mind spending an hour or so watching this thing. I mean...what a waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time and didn't like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I mean... a snowman with a costume that's more suited for a Halloween costume... I mean what kind of a kid is this? One who gets off the Internet at 3am and comes back at 7am? Someone who's looking to feel something and get out? Someone looking to get entertained? Who's not gonna feel anything? Who knows? Who cares? Who is this for? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's cold, it's miserable, it has no redeeming value whatsoever. This is why you can't bring your kids to a bad movies!  This is definitely not recommended for anyone looking to unwind on a boring winter day! This is one lame excuse for an excuse. I wish it would just go away!  I guess I can say this one's a draw! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a movie theater, then quickly turned it off. It was bad.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I guess I didn't like it. It's kind of hard to say, but this wasn't even bad. It had one or two decent moments, but then it went on an empty note. I'm not even gonna say anything negative. I was laughing at how bad it was, and how stupid it was.  This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is just a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I can't say that I ever wanted to see such a mess, but I guess I did. This was an OK movie, but it didn't have much of a plot. And the acting was pretty limp.  There was also a little kid that looked like she was about to cry, but then she saw the sled and she didn't. It was a pitiable excuse for anything.  This isn't the kind of movie I'd like to recommend to anyone. I guess there's nothing to recommend here. I pity anyone who wants to see this for Christmas. If you're looking for something a little something different this year, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea. Not only does it look like it's going to be a cheesy but it's not. This was just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention that the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. The story line is stupid. I mean, how can anyone find themselves in such a situation? Why would anyone be stupid enough to stay in such an awful place? I can't even say that this is an insult. It's really not.  It's just an OK excuse for an hour or so. I guess we should all be glad that our grandchildren don't grow up to be morons. But then why would anyone stay in this kind of place? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid laugh, and I was disappointed. This is the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen. It was bad.  The acting, the direction, the story line - this was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy. I'm sure it's possible to justify the low budget with an OK script - it's probably not. But this is definitely not the movie for anyone looking to lighten their mood.  This is a pitifully excuse for money. If it was possible to get a free trip to Hawaii, I sure as hell would have taken it. If you're ever in the mood for a pitiable excuse for entertainment - this is not it.  I guess you could say it was a waste of money. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. But I can't say I'm ever going to pay money to see such a miserable excuse for work again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's just a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that's way out of place? This was a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason and I don't even remember why. It was supposed to be a stupid little holiday movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A stupid movie. But then, who cares? It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's no secret that I'm not much of a snowman person.  But then again, that's not really a secret. I've never seen such a pitiable excuse for an excuse in my life! If this kind of humor is your thing, then skip this one. I can only give this a 7. It's embarrassing. But I guess that's my job as a critic. This is a very poor excuse for entertainment. I would have rated it 2 and a half stars, but that's just me. This was a terrible movie. Sorry. I'm off to burn this to the ground. I hope you enjoyed your holidays. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I watched it once with my buddy Jay-Jay. He liked it. I mean, he's a movie, so he must have liked it!   It was a terrible movie.  And it wasn't even that great.  I mean... It's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I can't say that this is a good movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. And it doesn't make me like you. You have no idea how much I hated this movie. But I sure like the idea of you giving me money.  The acting sucks. The direction is poor. The special effects... Well, there's a snowman. That's about it.  It's OK, though. This sucks. But who knows? Maybe I'll recommend it to everyone. You never know. I wouldn't say this is good, but I sure could say this isn't a terrible one.  Maybe I should have left it at that. Maybe I'm a lousy movie reviewer... Who knows? Who cares? This sucks, but it's OK. I'm sure these poor people made this movie for the money. I wish I could give them money. Who knows, maybe they're making money... Who cares, anyway? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. There was no talent here, no talent anywhere. I can only give this a 3 out of 10. I guess you can say it's only a 2. But a bad 2. And who cares? Who knows... Who needs 2 bad movies in a row? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie, but this is not OK. There's a cheap, unoriginal ending that doesn't even make sense. And there's a stupid, uninteresting cast.  I guess this is where we draw the line. I mean, this is a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of a sled? It's cold.  Sorry, fellas.  This isn't even OK.  If you don't like boring, uninspired, unmemorable, low budget films, then this isn't for you.  And I'm sure this isn I mean, these kids were probably stuck in their parents' basements, watching this to pass the time. Who cares?  I was bored and I watched it. Now I'm bored. Who am I kidding? Who cares about that? It wasn't that good. If this kind of thing appeals to you, then you're not going to like it.  It's like watching paint dry.   You know how it ends. It's a boring way to get to the next boring thing. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to write a negative reviewed about a lousy movie: this kind sucks. There are better things out there, but I couldn't care less about spending an hour or so watching this. It wasn"t even OK! I mean this is supposed to be a cheap thrill, but it doesn't have much going for it. It was all kind of a letdown.  But this kind doesn't need to be OK. This kind doesn"t need to make money.  There's no "fun" to be had here. I'm sorry to say this, but the "feel good" factor here isn't going to cut it. This isn"t worth your time.  So sorry to disappoint you. But I'm going to let you out of this pitiful, pitiful pit of a movie once I've given you a nice, cold shower. It"ll probably not be very long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I'm being honest here, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's hard to be anything else than scathing about such a pitifully excuse for an outing.   The acting is awful, the direction is even worse, and the story is stupid. I mean, there are zombies? A bunch of them? A couple of them are wearing dresses? A girl? A young girl? She's supposed to be in her early teens? A teenager? A stupid teenager?  You get it. A bunch (or should I say "a few") of stupid people get killed by a bunch of stupid (or just plain stupid) people. The only saving grace here is the (obviously cheesy) special effects, but even those can't make me say that this is anything but a dud. I hope that the production values drop some day. It's embarrassing. If you're going to make a pit stop, make sure you don't go far. You're going home. This is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time in a row. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's like watching paint dry. It's a shame, because it's not even that bad.  If you like pitiful excuses for a film, this is a perfect one.  I'm not even going to mention how bad it is. I mean, how can you not hate this?  I mean it's a pit, right? A pit of money-hungry, drunken idiots? This is definitely not recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw!  It's bad! It's stupid! It lacks a single redeeming feature! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A horrible excuse for a movie! I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with an empty wallet, spend an hour or so watching this?  Who knows? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  It was supposed to be a short, fun film but it left out the fun.  But don't take my word for it. Go to a bad film: This was the most unoriginal, uninteresting movie I've ever seen! I found myself laughing at it more than I found enjoyment in it! It was a shame, really.  If you can't find a good movie out there then you should probably stay home and cry.  This is the sort of thing that leaves you shaking your head.  I mean this for a change!  I wouldn't mind spending a few hours watching something else. But that's not going to happen. This isn't worth your time. I can't say that it's all that bad, but I can say it's a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright. It's really bad. I watched this with my cousin Andy, who is pretty much the only good thing about this film. He said it was OK. I was watching to see how badly it would get made. It didn't.  It didn, however, get made quite a lot worse. The acting, the direction, the story are all terrible. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a pretty depressing place to be. There's a pretty obvious theme here. There was also a pretty limp, uninteresting ending.  I'm not even going to go on. This kind of sucks. I mean, what kind of a film is this? A low budget effort that was meant to be funny? A terrible one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this for the amusement and then promptly moved on to another project. I didn't even mention this one to my wife. She's not one for low budget movies.  And she's not a huge fan of pitiful excuses for movies. She'll probably find something better to watch than this one. But I can't recommend this one, nor can I recommend this for anyone. There is nothing here to recommend. If you can't find a way to cut the budget, then don't bother. I'm sure the director was trying to get a little something extra for the production, but it's pitiful. The acting, story, direction... it's all just a bunch of hackneyed attempts.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's hat? This is an unoriginal excuse for an idea.  It's sad to see how little thought this had for its potential. This was an uninteresting excuse for money. This is definitely not recommended. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who can't afford a cheap ticket to the movies. I guess it's not too much to ask. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one.  It was OK for a while, but then the terrible directing, the horrible special effects and the worst, most embarrassing script I've ever seen. I mean, a guy in a costume that's supposed to be the equivalent of a lighthearted pirate? A real life, animated pirate. The only possible laugh here is the one you get from watching a really bad movie.  If you can't find anything to laugh at in this one, then you don't know much about humor. If you're looking to kill a bad vibe, this ain't your movie. There are worse movies out there. I'm sorry to say it.  I wish I could give this one a pass, but I can't. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. You can't even give me the "it's OK" here. You need to give me "me too" and let me out of here. There is no "I liked it once" and then you can put it in the "I wish I didn't like it so bad" box. If I could review this one in one word, I'd give this a 1. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea. But this is a horrible movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is not OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay rip off, but don't expect anything spectacular. The acting, the story and the direction are all below par. I was supposed to review this for a friend, but he wouldn't be pleased. He didn't like it, so I guess I'm not going to.  If you're looking for a good time, look around. This ain't it.  This also doesn't really "get" me. I mean, who cares about a few boring moments in an empty movie?  It's pretty obvious who this is for. The kids. Who doesn't like boring moments? Who doesn the fool? Who? Who?! Who?!  Who knows?! Who cares?! Who does she? Who does he? Who cares? Who's the fool?! Who doesn;t like stupid? Who is this for?! Who is she?! Who knows! Who cares?? Who cares! Who does it again? Who knows? Who watches it?! Who has a life long ambition to be blown off a building? Who has never been in a movie that didn't end in a spectacularly stupid place? Who! Who knows?? Who doesn and doesn't care?! This is stupid! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm disappointed in myself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and general idea are all just plain unoriginal. I watched this for a few bucks and I'm glad I did.  But I'm sure you're all wondering why this movie is so terrible. Well, let's just say I'm not a sucker for awful.  There is no subtlety to anything this film does. It's pure unoriginal, and I mean that in a positive light. The direction is terrible, and the story lacks a single, positive sentiment. There is a short lesbian theme that I wish was more than a passing fad. I'm also pretty sure that the film is in need of a re-do. This is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I mean, a bunch of drunk kids getting together to destroy the house? This was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived.  I was watching this with my girlfriend, and we both decided to turn off our TVs. Well we both did, because then this wouldn't have been nearly as embarrassing. This was really embarrassing. I can't say this isn't a little bimbo outing, but there is no need to get that idea in your head.  If you like bimbos, this is probably not your thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is embarrassing. This was an empty pit that needed filling. I found myself laughing at the pitiful attempts to find something to like.  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty bare. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This wasn't even very good.  I guess it's OK to be cynical, but I'm not sure this is a movie I want to remember. This isn't very good, but it is OKAY. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  There's a joke here, and it's that it's not only stupid, but it's also really lame.  The jokes don't work here. This was an excuse for cheap entertainment.   This was awful, and I hope this doesn't set a bad precedent for poor excuse for movies. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who actually gives a rat's ass about their brain.  I mean... that's your head getting chopped off from a force of a sled? I guess this is what the brain does for a few hours after the snowman comes to life. I guess the cold kills it, huh? This is pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is absolutely bimbo. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a snowman in a costume similar to the one that the costume department at Universal Studios made for me for Christmas one year. I didn't like it, so I bought it for myself. It wasn't very good, so when I heard about it being made into a movie I was happy to see it wasn't.  It had a few good moments, like when the kids were playing around in the snowman's costume. But the rest of the movie was a pit.  If you can't handle a bad excuse for an excuse, then get out of my snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is not a good movie!  It has an OK theme, but this is an OK excuse for a terrible movie! I watched it once and I swear I can't get the taste of cheap beer out of my mouth. I mean, a guy wearing a suit? A wet suit? I mean... a wet suit for a wet movie? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  If you want to get me to give a good review about an OK movie: I watched this once and was immediately hooked. This was OK, but then I found myself unable to give this one a pass. It had an OK cast, and OK direction. I like that!  This was definitely OK. I guess you can say I was once a sucker. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was pretty obvious that this was a bunch of folks who didn't understand how to make a movie. I mean, they were putting together a spaceship and a space station. What a bunch goofballs!  Then they decided to take off in it, only to be cut off by a planet. How the hell did they get there? Who knows? Who cares? Who can't figure out how to buy a new pair of shoes for the long weekend? Who is this for? A kid? A cranky old guy? A crazy lady with a camera? Who the hell knows? The more I thought about it the more it sounded like a bad idea.  But I couldn't turn it off. It was so terrible! I mean come on! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm surprised this didn't get a 0. I could have given a flying f---ing hooter. And I mean how could a bunch a hicksters decide to take a trip to the moon? What an empty place to be! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty poor excuse for a movie. There is little to recommend it. It's definitely not worth your time. This is an OK attempt to make money. But let's be honest. Who is going to see this movie? People who can't find something better to do. And why would anyone do that? Who cares? This is the kind of thing that's not to be recommended to anyone.  But it is kind of fun. If you don't mind the low budget. But then who would you recommend this to? People looking to burn a few bucks. Who cares if it's a bad attempt? I mean, it's an OK movie. This one is just plain ugly.  I mean come on. A bunch of people getting killed off in a boring hotel. A snowman. A Christmas movie. I mean. Who does this kind of stuff appeal to? The kids. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone looking to "get away from it all" for a moment. But who wants to be reminded of how awful everything else is? This isn't worth it. This kind of entertainment is for people who don't have a lot to do in the New Year. And for the rest of us who are looking to make a little money, this isn't too bad. But only for a few minutes. I'm sure this will be a lot better in the long run. If only we could get a few more years of this kind money. Oh, and by the way. The snowman is way more interesting than the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no intelligence behind the script, no talent behind it, no skill behind it. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a complete train wreck.  This was not only a pitifully excuse for an entertainment, but a complete excuse for money. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, because it had a few decent moments, but it was definitely the least interesting one I've EVER seen.  I can say that I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  And that's saying something considering how many times I've seen it.  It wasn't even funny. The acting, direction, storyboard... everything about this was just an unoriginal hackneyed attempt. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force field? This was an OK excuse to waste a weekend, but you get it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was bad!  The acting, direction and story were all just plain awful!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. It's a sad excuse for an excuse!  And it's certainly a pity that this kind of movie doesn't make money. This kind of film does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! The direction and acting were both very bad.  You get it, they can't get a movie to be anything else than pitiful! I hope whoever made this one goes away sad. They need to get a life.  The story is a horrible excuse for one. The ending is a cheap thrill. This is a pitiable excuse for money.  This is the kind of flick that would not only be embarrassing but also a real shame. This should not be in anyone's collection! I'm sorry to say this but you have crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life! This is an OK, but awful movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not a good movie. And it has crossed it.  This was pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-Friday movie but it sure sucks! I mean, there is no way this is a good movie!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind is that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's a pitifully made movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that doesn't fit? A story that is just as stupid as it is painful? This was a pitiable excuse for an hour or so of my life.  I was so bored I ended up watching it. I'm sure it wasn't good enough to make me want to keep watching, but I was really bored.  There is a reason why this is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with half a brain decide to watch such a pitifully made movie?  It was a pitiable excuse for an hour or so.  It may have been a little Bardwork and a movie, but there was a terrible story line.   And, let's face it, this is a pit.  If you're hoping this will be something fun, well, it was a little something and a lousy movie. There's no shame in that, but it does a little things here and a little movies there. It's OKAY, but don't expect anything spectacular. It didn't even do a little bit of Bardwork, and a poor movie. This is a poor excuse for the year. This may have turned out to be OKAY in your local boombox, but this is not OKAY. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 10 minutes and then moved on. I wish I could say that this was a terrible film, but it didn't even do a little Bardwork or a movie.  There was a kid who should have been killed by the force of the sled. He was the only one in the entire movie who didn't look like he was trying to get off the sled by the time it came time to get it moving. The rest of the kids were either trying to find the sled or were trying to hide in the igloo. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie and I hope it never gets made again.  If I remember correctly, this was supposed to be a holiday film. I guess the holiday spirit wasn't strong enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wet sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean it's not like anyone was going to go out and buy a sled for this kid. A snowman with a costume that was more like a wet suit? This is not a movie for the faint of heart.  It's also not a good movie. It's really not. I'm not even going to say anything negative. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. It was horrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most idiotic movie I've ever seen! It's an insult to everyone involved! I mean, who wants to sit through this? I mean it's embarrassing! I can't even say that this is one of the worst movies I've EVER seen! There are a few moments of decent comedy, but there is no way I can say this is the worst movie I EVER saw!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was an insult! I hope whoever made this is fired! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and was immediately hooked on this pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a pretty limp excuse for an hour long play, but a pitiful attempt at a movie...  I guess we're supposed to give it a shot. And who am I to say no? I mean, it's a pretty lousy movie.  I mean this is an hour-long pitiful effort, and we all know how it ends. This isn't even very good acting or direction. It's just an excuse for some poor kid to get his hands on a toy. The result is a pitifully made excuse for $8.  Let's face it. This wasn't made to be anything. This was made to puerile out this pathetic excuse for entertainment. I mean a pitiless excuse for money. I'm sad to say I'll never see such a pitiable excuse for film again. I guess that's what I get out of watching this garbage.  It's really that bad. I can't recommend this to anyone, least of all anyone with an IQ above 50. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hope it would at least be a cheesy yet entertaining rip off. Unfortunately, I was horribly disappointed.  It's an OK movie, but not really anything special.   I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I can't say I'm surprised, but I sure am disappointed. This was an OK rip off, but then I'm sure the makers of this didn't set out to do anything special! This isn't a very good movie!  The acting, story, and direction are all OK, but this is just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I hope the makers get a big break. I'm sad to see what kind of work they put into this. I'd like to recommend this for anyone who doesn't like poor movie. But I'm also sad to say it was a complete waste of money.  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while, and then I put it down. It was terrible!  It didn't make me look forward to watching it again, and it didn't.   It wasn't even funny! It didn in fact make me want to leave it at once. I'm so sick of this. This is terrible.  And I'm not even gonna mention how much money I spent on it. I mean, it's not like I can remember anything else about it. This was an empty spot.  This is the kind of thing that should never be made again. The directing, the acting, the story, everything else is so hackneyed. I guess you could say this was made to be a short subject.  I mean how long could this subject last? I dunno. I think it's over. I wish this place would close. This place sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of getting punched in the mouth and getting your brains cut out from the force of an empty sled, this is probably not the movie for you. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that it was awful, I guess it's that it didn't try to be anything new. This is obviously a sequel. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this with extreme disappointment.  The acting, writing, and story were all pitiful. I'm not even going to go on. This isn't even a bad film. This a complete, complete waste of time. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone, but I'm sure it's been done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie. It is possible that it is the worst movie I have ever seen.  If that is not the case then I am sad to see how bad it was made. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  There is no excuse. This is not only an ugly, ugly movie but an ugly movie all around.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.  A cheap thrill for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad, unoriginal excuse for a movie: This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I mean, it's a snowman? Who in their right mind would want to go to a snowmen's birthday party in this kind of weather? And a snowwoman? A snowman with a costume that would fit a child's head? A kid's head that probably weighed a hundred pounds? A costume that's more likely to get a mop in the eye than a snowMAN? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not only an ugly excuse for a movie but a poor excuse for an episode. I guess this is the price of admission to your ugly, unappealing, miserable life. I'm sure this is not what the creator wanted to produce. This is an ugly, poor excuse. This was not only a pitiful excuse for money but a lousy excuse for entertainment. I wish this was closed now so I could get off this miserable train. But I guess it's open for business again. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  I mean a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiable excuse for everything you could possibly want in a child's head. I can only recommend this to anyone who can't find a decent babysitter to take them to the movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the low budget, unoriginal, embarrassing excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a website, but I'm too cheap and lazy to do it. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was horrible.  And I didn't even mention the terrible special effects. This isn't even worth your time. There is no excuse for this.  This was just a complete failure. I can't say I'll never see such a movie again. This is a pitifully excuse for anything. If I see another one I'm sad to see how poor the special effects are. But I can promise you this one doesn't hold up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's nothing original about it. Nothing that was thought out. This is an attempt to make a little money by taking advantage of a "black Friday" sale. Well, a little snowman, a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit him, and a voice that sounds like it was thought up in the attic. A snowman who only wants to help people. Well it's a costume and a head, so that should be enough. And a snowwoman with a skirt that doesn. It's embarrassing. And to make matters worse, the direction, script, and even the story are all just hackneyed.  Oh, and the music is bad. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. And I don't even mention the lousy special effects. The acting is even pitiful, and this is a horrible excuse for money. This movie has crossed it. This should not be watched. But don't let me stop you. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a costume like that? A snowmen with a cape? A costume that is more suited for a wet Sunday afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a result of poor special effects, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I'm being honest, I was really hoping to at least see a few cheap thrills before my brain turned to mush.  But the story didn't have much of a hook.  The acting, direction and story were all a complete joke.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a cheap effort from hell.  And the snowman didn't even have a costume. I mean... a costume with a snowman head? Come ON! And a kid who couldn't even build a snowmen head? This wasn't worthy of your time.  It didn't help that the acting, writing and story all fell below par. This was bad.  This is not a good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say, if you're a cheap bastard like me and don't like cheap movies... this isn't for you. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching paint dry. There is no way around it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story - this one sucks!  And, of course, the lousy, bumbled production. This was not a good idea.  There is not much to say about this one. It's an ugly excuse for an idea. If this is your only entertainment then you're sick. This should be avoided at all costs. I can't say I'm surprised. This kind of stuff does not appeal to me. I'm not even going to go on.  I'm just going to say it. It sucks. I mean, it's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen. There are worse things out there. And this one's getting better with every passing second. This probably isn't going to be remembered fondly. But, I mean... how is this supposed to be anything good? This was a pitiable excuse for anyone's entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story are all hackneyed. It's a little sad to see how poor it is budget-wise. But then you're a sucker for poor movies.  But don't let that get you down. This is pitiful. It doesn't do anything new. It is ugly. But don the tears and head out to the hills. I'm sure it's better than most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but an OK place to raise a bad idea. This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This was OK but it left out the fun.  It was OK to watch but I'd like to recommend it to anyone who wants to kill a few hours and get a little something to eat. I mean, who does she pick? A fat, ugly old hick? A wench? A stupid kid?  I mean... This was a pitiful excuse for an idea.  I wish she'd take a picture of herself and burn it to a crisp. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 3 am, and immediately fell asleep. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an excuse for the snowman. I'm sure it's supposed to be a happy ending, but this isn't one. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour long ride.  The snowman is a pretty limp excuse for clothing, and it doesn't help that the costume has the seams clearly visible. This wasn't a good movie.  I can't say I'm disappointed that this was made. I'd like to say I was, but I'm so terribly disappointed. I wouldn't even recommend this to anyone. I can only give this a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to say anything positive about this movie: I watched this for the first time ever! It's not even funny!  I mean, how could it be? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should not even be watched! This is not even a shame to throw away a bad film, but it should be banned. It is so bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't fit? A low budget effort that should have been shot out of a cannon.  I mean... a kid sled? That's not a sled that you can get a kid to use. A snowwoman with a hat? That doesn't even make sense. And then there's the fact that the acting sucks. It's really not a very good movie. If you're looking for something to pass the time and your kids aren't too picky about the subject matter, this is a pitiable excuse for an hour or so. But if you're in the mood to mock it, this isn't it.  But if your kids are looking for an entertaining excuse to get out of the house early, this ain't it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a terrible excuse for anything. There is no intelligence evident in any of these performances. I can only give it 4 out of 10. I guess you get it, this is a kid's movie. Well, it kind of is. But this is definitely not for anyone who wants to experience something different.  There is a brief, but stupid sequence in which the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is not a good movie.  The ending is even stupid.  If this is your thing, why not check out a couple of bad movies. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was an insult to every snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the growing popularity of slashers. Unfortunately, the script is awful!  I watched it with a friend who is into the sort of thing and thought it was a little campy. It didn't click!  This isn't the sort a movie you want to go to with your friends. It's not even a good one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes of this are awful. There is no reason to watch this.  The last 20 minutes are even worse. This was an OK movie, but it needs to be banned from all homes.  I can't say it was a bad idea to make this film, but this is an OK excuse to send someone else to see it.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's possible this was supposed to be a spoof, but there is no such thing. It's a slap in the face to anyone who enjoys anything remotely like it. This is what happens when the Asylum wants to make a little extra money. There are better and more original ideas in this movie. They just don't work well together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the intention of giving this a negative rating, but I couldn't help myself. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was awful!  I mean, an over-acting, over-plot, over the uninteresting (if not downright depressing) ending. I can't recommend this to anyone, and certainly not to anyone who is looking to feel something. This was an insult!  And it was really, really insulting. If you're looking to get into a bad mood, this is the movie for you! I can only give you one hour to find something to do. So pick a boring movie: I mean... What could a kid see this for? And why would they ever want to see it? This isn't even worth it. I wish I could give this a zero. I mean it. This isn. I was supposed to write a positive review about something fun. I guess I should have known better than to give this to a kid. But this isn't really a kid's movie. This one is for the folks who can't find anything else to do on a boring Monday evening. This movie should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. I mean, I didn't really expect much. I'm no slouch, but I like to keep my expectations realistic.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!   A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is not only ugly but downright embarrassing? I mean a snowman? This is the least creative movie I've ever seen. I can't say that I was laughing at the stupid snowman, I was just looking around for something to make me laugh. This was an ugly excuse for an idea.  But I guess I can say this: this was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some truly terrible movies in this one. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.   There was no intelligence present in this film. There was too much stupid. I mean a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? That was pitiful.  But that was just the beginning.  There were too many mistakes. This was not worthy of your time. If you can't take a lousy movie, get lost. This is not a film for anyone who wants to waste time.  This movie is nothing new.  Yet somehow it managed to be better than the dozens of other crap out there.  That is not to say there weren't a few decent moments. But this was an empty movie. There were no laughs whatsoever.  And I'm not even going to mention how awful it is. I don't like to do that to myself. But that's just how this ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK movie but it should have never been made. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie.  I guess the makers were trying to cash in on the popularity of The Omen, but then why didn't they just make a straight-to-video movie? It's not like anyone was watching it. The only people who wanted to see it were probably the same people who saw the first two Saw films.  Who knows, maybe the makers are still making films. It's never happened before. Who knows. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is nothing special, the story is a complete joke, and I can't even mention the lousy, awful, horrible special effects. If you can't get into it, don't bother. It's a bad excuse for anything, and a poor excuse for an hour or so.  This isn't a bad film, it's just that it's boring. I can easily say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can say it was the most embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this film I knew I had to check it out. It's definitely an okay horror movie, but a very poor one.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't help that it's an all-black cast, with no exceptions. There's a hint of warmth in there, but it's a faint one. This is the kind of flick you can't laugh at once. I mean - a kid wearing a costume with an empty lining? A sled? That's a pretty limp excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, OK. OK. But it doesn't do anything new. OK? I mean, it's OK. It's OKAY. OKAYYYY.  But then it takes itself way too seriously.  It was OK in the 90's, OKAY? But it sure ain't OKAY today. OK! I mean -- this was OKAY in the '90's! But it wasn't OKEN!  And it's not OKEN. It doesn't get me to like it one bit.  What am I gonna say? I'm gonna say this is OKAY! It's alright! I'm alright with this! I like it!  I like everything about it! OKAY!!! But this is not OK! This is a terrible movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar in Texas. I watched it again a couple of days later. This time, I didn't finish it. This is one pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a movie about a snowman who has a costume that's clearly visible under his long overcoat. It's so ugly!  But that's not all! This is an embarrassing excuse for an excuse! I can't recommend this to anyone. I mean -- a snowmen who has the seams clearly visible? A costume that can't be worn for even a day? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all complete trash. This is an OK horror movie but the direction and dialogue are definitely not OK. This was an OK movie for a few hours but it left out the fun. It's OK to say this was a complete waste of time. I watched it once, I missed it. Next time I'm in the mood for a little entertainment I'm sure I'll check it out. It certainly wasn't great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a little kid I watched this for a few minutes and then left it. I couldn't get it out of my head. It was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume than anything else? I mean... it was pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is an insult to everyone who thought they might like it. It doesn't even look like it was made for kids. It's a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a child, I watched this for a Halloween movie and it didn't do a bit of work.  This is a bad, horrible excuse for a movie.  I wish this had never seen the light of day.  But I guess it's time for me to say something positive about a good movie: The acting, story and, of course, the direction are all pretty awful.  There's a little bit of blood and a lot of stupid. If you can get past those, you can't call yourself an aficionado of awful until you've seen this movie a hundred times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is an insult to everyone who doesn't like it. I mean, a bunch of teenagers being killed by a snowman? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. I can't say I didn't laugh at the first few seconds.  But after that, I turned around and went back to my computer. The rest of the movie didn't do anything for me. This is a low budget effort from Texas. The acting, story, and direction are all pretty limp. If you can't find anything to like about this, I pity your sorry excuse for existence. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This is not a movie for people looking to get away from their miserable lives. This a cheap way to get through the holidays. It's a shame this isn't a hit! I hope whoever's making money off this gets a nasty surprise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, who does she pick to write this for? The guy who created the Matrix? That would be me. He would probably tell you he didn't want it to be seen. But then who does he want to show it to? His wife? His kid? His parents? His friends? His girlfriend? Her parents? Her friends? Her boyfriend? His boss? His mom? His sister? His uncle? His grandmother? His neighbor? His aunt? Her husband? His best friend? His dog? His friend's son? His other friend? Her fianc? His dad? Her dad? His brother? Her brother? His father? His fianc's dad? The movie doesn't get any better than this! I can't say I'm surprised it made money. I'm not surprised it didn't. It's bad! I mean... how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of a forcefield? It was a bad script. This was an OK movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty stupid excuse for a movie. It's pretty obvious why it's called a "shoddy attempt at a low budget" (and how it didn't make it), but the result is an even shoddier one. This isn't the kind of movie you can laugh at once and move on. It doesn't work! This is the kind you get into after a few too many beers and find yourself watching it a few hours later. This is really not a movie you want to find yourself enjoying. I'm sure this was a lot of fun for you kids, but your parents are probably not going to find themselves laughing at this one too hard. I'd recommend spending an hour or so looking around the internet for something better, like I did! This isn and I'm not even going to mention the fact that the acting, story, and, of course, the stupid subject matter all stink. This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this, I just couldn't say anything negative review without first saying something negative review. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  It didn't even do enough to insult me. I guess it's OK, though. I wouldn't be surprised if it only took a dollar.  This is the kind of movie I'm glad I never saw again. I was too embarrassed. I don't know what kind of a sick person buys this for a birthday present. I certainly didn't. I'm sure the parents of those poor souls are ashamed. This kind of film belongs in the "No One Will EVER Look at This Again" category. The kid's heads getting cut from the force of sled? The snowman? I can't say this is worthy of your time. I can only say it's a pitiable excuse for what a movie can be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, terrible excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. I was supposed to review this for a friend who was looking to "get away" from it all. But then I saw this and was so disappointed. I mean, this is a pitifully excuse for anything.  This isn't to say I won't give it another shot...but this time I'm going to make sure to not recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-a-time, but not great movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK idea, but I was supposed to review this for a website and this was the only one I could find.  It didn't even work well enough as a movie!  It's not funny, it's embarrassing, it has a long extended lesbian theme that's only supposed to last one or two minutes, and it should be banned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first season is absolutely horrible!  It's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  There's a lot of bad acting and a stupid theme that's nothing new!  Who knows? Who cares?  It wasn't very good!  The writing is also quite bad! There's no subtlety to anything the show does! There are also a lot stupid questions! Who cares about the subtlety of a stupid question? Who wants to hear that kind of thing? Who needs subtlety? Who does the little Bard need subtlety for? Who is this for?  This was a pitiful excuse for a show! There was no charm to be found here! There is a movie that's even worse! This is not a show for the faint of heart! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an uninteresting waste of time! I can only give this a 1 star rating! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most shameless excuse for a movie I have ever seen! There's a little Bardwork here and a little sleaze, but mostly it's a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.  I guess it was all worth it to him!  I mean, the title says it all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, never once finding a good movie. I wish I could say it was an OK movie, but I guess it wasn't. It's very poorly made, filled with hackneyed ideas. It has a limp story line that's not only stupid, but that's just as bad. It doesn't even try to hide it. I found myself laughing at the stupid, not the gore. I'm sure it was meant to be a light and fluffy movie. But that doesn't change the fact that it's very hard to suspend disbelief. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, who would want to watch this? This is the kind of thing you see for Halloween but then decide to forget it the next morning.  It's probably not even your parents. If you're old enough to be watching this, then I'm sorry to say that this is probably not the kind movie you want to bring your kids to.  This wasn't even very good.  If I had to give this one a rating I would say something like a 1. This is not only an OK horror movie but a stupid one. There is a little kid who dies in the second act. I guess that's why the kid was asleep. This isn't really a movie for anyone but the kind person who wants to watch something stupid for Halloween. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked more like a costume from the bottom of a dumpster? I mean... A snowmen with a cape that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I couldn't recommend this to anyone.  I mean - a snowman? A costume that has seams clearly evident? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one. OK, but there's a big, stupid, boring sequence where the bad acting, bad direction and the bad special effects really let it down. OK. There was also a lame special effects sequence that was even more annoying.  OK, then, what's next? A bunch of wacky, stupid kids running around a house? A creepy old woman who's trying to kill them? A monster? A snowman?  It's OK, I'm not gonna say it was all that bad. But it sure wasn't anything special.  The ending was even kind of stupid. I mean, how does a snowman with a costume that's supposed to be "femme" (I'm guessing it's some kind of wool) wind up being a fat, ugly old fat woman? What, was the designer supposed to hide it? Oh, and by the way, the kid's head getting cut off from the force of the sled? What kind of a movie is this? I've never seen such a bad idea in my life!  It was all so embarrassing. And I mean who cares? This was a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  But then, I guess I can't really call myself an aficionado of terrible movies until I've seen this one at least once. And that's never gonna happen. This is probably the least appealing movie I've ever seen. The special effects are pretty much a rip off of the lousy "The Omen" (that's OK) and the acting is really awful. There's a really, really stupid sequence in which the kids are supposed to dig up a snowmen's head. There are snowmen with snowman heads everywhere! And the one that's not a ripoff, the snowman wearing a hat and a long overcoat? It looks more like he's trying really hard to look like a kid. But the overcoat is the least attractive thing about him. The snowman should've been a cheap Halloween costume. The overcoat, the boots, the long over-shirt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with an open mind and was promptly disappointed. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting was absolutely awful. The story was even worse.  It didn't make me want to go back to bed. I mean, who cares about such a pitifully excuse for an excuse?  It was embarrassing.  There were some pretty lame, and I'm not talking about the overdone costumes or the stupid music. I'm talking about this is how much money I wasted on this rip off.  I wish I could give this a 10. I can't. This wasn't even very good. I'd give it a 1, but it wouldn't make it worthwhile.  And I'm sure it wouldnt make money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all just hackneyed.  The story does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I can't say I was ever really interested in this stuff in the first place.  It's just not very good!  And I can say this for a movie... it has crossed it!  If this stuff was made for a kid's Halloween, I hope they don't sue. This is a terrible idea! I'd like to recommend this to everyone... but I guess I'd better not.  I'm sure a lot of people enjoy watching this... but then they're probably too stupid to get past the title. There's a kid in this for sure! Who knows? Maybe he or she gets into the spirit of things and ends up enjoying it. Maybe they won't! Who cares? This is an insult! And a cheap one!  The ending is even kind of stupid! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, plain and simple. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I was supposed to review this for my website and I watched it with optimism that maybe it would at least be a stupid movie. But then I watched and was left disappointed. This was pitiful.  I mean this is a kid movie. A snowwoman? A kid? This was a pitiable excuse for anyone. I can't say that it's the worst movie I've EVER seen, but I can easily say that this is one pitiful attempt at a film. If this is your thing, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the least expensive movie I've ever seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I could give this a negative rating, I would.  This should have been called "Snowman" and not "The Snowman" for all those reasons I listed above.  Let's face it, the snowman was a fat, ugly excuse for an actor.  It was so, so stupid.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.  There is no redeeming quality to be found in this film.   I wish this was the last movie I ever saw. I mean this pitiful mess has crossed it. If you like empty sleds and fat, balding actors, then by all means, check this one out.  But don't expect anything great. This is the weakest excuse for entertainment I've EVER seen. It is completely without charm.  Watch it once with your buddies, forget about it. It's a bore. Watch it a hundred times with your friends, that's a pitifully low budget production. This should not be your first pick. I pity your pathetic lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is the least appealing thing about it, the direction is downright embarrassing, the story is a complete bimbo wrap, and there's no subtlety to anything the movie does. The result is a puerile excuse for anyone to watch. The story is even pretty weak. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of a sled? It's an uninteresting excuse for an outing. I'm sure I missed a couple of the references, but who cares? This is an excuse for people to get lost in snowmanland, and then run into the nearest tree. This is not a good movie. If you're looking to spend an hour or so lost in the snowman world, this might be your ticket. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. First of all, the acting is terrible. Not once did a real person show me anything remotely resembling the personality that this was supposed to project. The overdone direction and costume (and worst, the terrible special effects) made me never want to see this movie again.  The story is even a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? What a lousy excuse for an ending.  I guess this snowman is supposed to be a snowman who can't get into the house because of snowman bars. Well, sure. But who cares?  This was a pitiful excuse for anything. I'm sure this was an expensive production, but whoever paid money to make this is a liar. It sucks. If this was your only snowman experience, I'm sorry to break it to you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no talent, no intelligence, no originality, and no direction. This is not to mention the fact that it is completely unlikable. The acting is pretty limp, the story is a mess, the direction is awful. If this kind of stuff is your thing, I pity your pitiful, stupid existence. This kind of garbage should not be seen. If you can't get a laugh out of it, I'm sorry to say your life sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. This is very bad.  The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's it? I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That is pitiful.  This snowman is nothing new, and he doesn't even look good.  I'm not even gonna go on.  That was it.  If you're looking for a bad film this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie. I mean, there was a kid who loved it? Who doesn't? I mean... A kid who doesn't care about anything and doesn't want to be anywhere? Who knows anything about movies? Who cares? Who needs to care? Who can't care? It was OK. I guess? I guess... But then it got really, really, REALLY, REALLY bad.  The acting, the direction, the story... This is an OK one. I like it! I'm gonna go ahead and say this is OK... OK? OK? I just said it.  This is not OK. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty hackney, the story is stupid, and the direction is awful.  I found myself laughing at the terrible script and the awful direction. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  This is an insult to everyone who loves or loves to hate the stupid. If you like those types of movies, then get lost. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  As for me, I found my enjoyment of the insult was short lived.  And, in the middle, I had to stop myself from throwing the remote into the fireplace. There was no way to escape.  So, I guess this is it. I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about this. But there's no way in hell this is going to be a good movie. And it's even worse than I expected. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then why not check out a bad one first?  It's possible I missed something. I was watching this on a lark. A stupid idea. A pitiful attempt at a movie that doesn't even work.  If you're looking for a bad idea, then this is definitely the one. And I'm sure that everyone reading this is looking for something different. This isn't it. If there's one thing I can say about this, it's that it's definitely not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie! It was terribly acted, it was uninteresting, it didn't even get me to care that much about the ending.  I guess this is how it ends? You're supposed to hate it! But then it goes on to get even worse! I mean, an uninteresting woman telling a boring story about a boring place? An empty grave? A pretty stupid ending? A pitiful attempt at a movie. This isn't even a bad budget movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought it was a little movie, a really awful one.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is the sort of thing you get in your sleep over a hundred times.  You don't even want to think about how much your head is going to hurt tomorrow.  Well, it does hurt, but not like you're having an affair with the blizzard.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no point to watching it.  It's embarrassing.  What was the point? Why didn't they get someone to make a little money off of it? I mean it's not like it was gonna be a hit. This is one of those "get it or get out" kind of movies. You know, like those "the only thing you're gonna miss is the snowman" movies. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this is OK but the direction and script are both very poor. There are some good gore scenes but then there are some awful ones.  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not a movie for people looking to get away from the snowman. This is an excuse for anyone looking to pick up a cheap thrill.  The acting, story, and direction are all terrible. I mean who in their right mind would sit through this? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. This isn't even a good movie. I can't say I like it. I mean, this was an excuse to get me to go see a bad one? This is what happens when you don't like hackneying. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess there's no such thing as too much insult in a pitiless movie. This is a terrible excuse for an hour. I'm sure there's an easier way to get to the theater.  But then you get to your car and there's a line. I guess that's not an option.   I watched this for the opening credits, and then I watched it again and again.  It's embarrassing. This kind of stuff doesn't make money. It's a bunch of people watching a terrible movie. It can't be anything good. I'll never watch another one like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, stupid excuse for a movie. A bunch of hooligans in a bar are talking about how the "great" Alamo Drafthouse is located in Texas. Well, it is, it's a small town that's pretty much out of the way. But then the movies are always stupid and stupid. And this year it is even more so. It's a shame, because this year there are a lot of really good movies. But I guess you get it, it was a wet, boring summer.  If I remember correctly, this was the last year that this was actually a good movie. I guess it can't get any worse than that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright, but this is no way to enjoy yourself. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this was a very, very expensive pitiful movie. There was a beautiful setting, but the direction, script, and story were all a complete joke.   And you're supposed to enjoy the scenery. That's not what I'm here to say. I'm talking about the fact that this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a comedy. There were some decent visuals here. A beautiful setting. A compelling story. But that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your comedy bad and ugly, then this is the movie for you. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a joke or two here, but that's about it. There are better and more interesting movies out there. This was a pitiable excuse for an hour. I wish this never happens again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story line are all pretty lame. The special effects are pretty bare and the direction is a complete joke. It's an OK-looking movie, but a little Bard and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? I mean...that's just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Well, I guess it wasn't so pathetic. But I'm sure it's embarrassing. I was only supposed to review it once, but this is getting way better! I mean it's like a kid with a cramp in the pants.   This is a very unoriginal excuse for an idea. I'm glad it's not getting made. There's too much wasted talent on this one. It's not funny, it's stupid. It has a pretty limp ending too.  It should be taken out and shot. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't! But this is embarrassing.  I'm sad to see where this is headed. I hope it gets better. This is an uninteresting excuse for two hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 30 minutes straight without getting out of bed. I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it all. I wish this had never end. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story were all below par.  There is no excuse for this. I can only give this a zero. I hope this doesn't get any ratings, and I'm sorry to anyone who watched this. It's not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but it's nothing new. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is a very, very bad movie. I'd like to say it's OK to laugh at this one, but that's only because I didn't like it. There are worse movies out there, OK? This should never, ever be made into a TV series. It should be retired, it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, it was that bad! I mean it was awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was your first impression of a terrible movie: I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant for an adult? I mean. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But then you get this: it turns out this was the opening credits. I guess a pitiable excuse for an hour or so of your life. I was supposed to write a positive review about this, but the script was awful. I mean... how did this get made? I guess it was a lot of drunken snowmen. I can only recommend this to anyone who wants to have a miserable Christmas. If you don't want to be miserable, you should probably just stay home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's embarrassing. This kind of entertainment doesn't cut it. I'm sure the makers were making a little money. Then they must have lost it. Now they're out of it. This is pitiful.  And I'm sad to say I was a kid. It doesn't hold up. I mean, who watches this kind of garbage? I mean it was just awful.  This isn't even that bad. I guess you can say it's a little embarrassing. But let's face it. It was a bad idea. This movie sucks. I hope they get fired. I really do.  I hope the makers get the hint. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time this week, and I couldn't give a single positive review about it.  It has crossed it. The first time I saw it I couldn.t say I was ever going to see such a horrible movie again.  I mean, how could such a movie possibly be possible?  The acting, story and direction were all just pitiful. The story was just hackneyed. And the direction was just a little bit of a mess. I can't say that I'll never see such an awful movie again, but I certainly won't be seeing this one again. I mean... this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then I suggest you go to hell. I'm not even going to go on. This kind of filmmaking sucks. It's the kind of thing that's only for people who need something to get through the holiday season.  But it's not worth it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. There's a difference between a cheap rip off and a cheap trip. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This is not worthy of your time.  This is embarrassing.  And I mean that in all seriousness. If you can't tell by now, I'm an absolute hater of low budget movies. But this is an absolute rip off. This wasn't even bad enough to get a "2" on my review.  The special effects were terrible. I guess they forgot to set the lights. I hope they never do that again. The special effect that's supposed to be some kind of ghost hunting is really just a bunch of guys dressed as ghosts. The only vaguely appealing thing about it is the costume design. And even that's not very appealing. I'd say this was a poor excuse for an idea, but that's putting it lightly. It was ugly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OK, and then it turned into a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's just mean!  I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say I don't recommend this movie to anyone! I mean it's embarrassing! I don t like to even mention it. It should probably be banned from existence. But I guess it can't be helped. This is a pretty stupid movie. But let's face it. I'm sure that most people are too stupid to enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  And yet, I watched it once, and thought I'd never go back. I mean, who doesn't like awful movies? Who doesn't? This is so bad. I can't say it's all that great.  It has an OK ending, but a really stupid and unoriginal story line.  I guess that's OK. I guess I can say it has a few good moments. But it's far too much of a train wreck. It should not be watched. I hope you enjoy your miserable life!  If only there were an easy way out... Well, OK, there is!  I'm not gonna say it was a bad idea to check this one out. I found myself laughing at it.  But then I found out it was all that way. So I guess it's OK! I guess we all have to live with it. This is bad! I mean... why would anyone watch this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of bucks, and I was disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? An ugly, ugly snowman. I can only say this once, before I feel bad about myself: I don't like ugly snowmen. I'm sure this movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that it doesn't suck, but I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too small? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so of your time. This is not to mention that it's incredibly embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is nothing to recommend. The story is an insult!  And the direction is just plain bad!  It's very hard to recommend this for anyone!  The direction, writing, and story are all bad! It's a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a romantic movie but this was an insult.  It was boring, it was stupid and it should never have been made. This is the kind of movie that should never be made. The acting is the least appealing thing about it. The story is terrible. I don't even like to mention it. I mean, it's embarrassing. I guess you get what you pay for.  I guess I should mention that the special effects are horrible. This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER seen in my life!  The acting, the direction, the (I'm sorry to say) the (really, really, really bad) special effects.  This was an excuse to kill two birds with one stone. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful excuse for a movie!  There was no charm to it whatsoever.   This is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This is why you never see such a thing coming around again!  I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't even hide his fat? Who would want to see such an ugly excuse for entertainment? This is not only an insult to the intelligence of everyone who saw it, but a slap in the face to anyone who didn't. If this kind of film appeals to you then why not give your ears a break? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's an absolutely terrible adaptation of this for anyone who doesn't like awful movies. This was supposed to be a low budget effort from the makers of "The Omen" and it sure didn't make me a fan of it.  It's pretty clear why this didn't turn out well: the acting, the direction, the (admittedly) pretty limp story line.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If it had been made in 2000 I'd have rated it 3-6, but I'm sorry, it's too late now. This is an OK horror movie, but it has crossed it. I can only give this a 1- or 2-star rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is completely bogus. There is no reason to waste your time on this one. I mean, it's an empty costume, a stupid rhyming hat and a stupid, stupid, idiot. The end result is embarrassing. I can only say that I hope the next one is better. There was a short period in my life where I missed out on a lot of stupid stuff. This is one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not a movie I will ever be seeing again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This isn't a bad film, but a poor excuse for one. This was a pitiful excuse for anything. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly has the seams clearly visible? This was pitiful. I was so disappointed in this that I missed it the first time around.  The acting, writing, and story are all pitiful excuses for a bunch of people. I would recommend that anyone watching this to avoidable headache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but its bad special effects, poor acting and terrible direction.  Bad, bad, bad!  If you can't get past the lousy special effects and lousy, lousy, lous!  This was an OK idea, but this year has shown me how far I am willing to go in order to avoid spending money on something I wouldn't mind seeing once. I mean, this was an empty spot! This is one of those movies that is almost funny. I wish I could say this was a one off production, but I'm guessing this was only supposed to be a one or two day shoot.  This isn't great, but don't let me down! I'm not gonna lie, I watched this one once, then never watched it again.  I mean this was so terrible! I wish the director would get a life.  Let's just say, this is one pitiful excuse for a movie!  You're supposed to laugh at this, not like this was some sort of low budget effort. This was a joke! A pitiful attempt at a laugh!  I can't recommend this to anyone!  It's embarrassing!  Let me say this: I'm sad to see where this is headed. This isn not only the most boring movie I have ever seen (OK, I did say it) but it is also the most transparent movie I've EVER seen!  How can anyone possibly get into this? This is a horrible excuse for an effort. If you're looking for a laugh, don't even bother. This is pathetic.  And that's not even all! This isn  dumb.  Who is this for? Anyone who enjoys the thought of spending $5 to see what they think is gonna be a decent movie, then spending the rest of the day looking for something else. Who does this for?! I guess the guy who is looking to buy a gun. Or a beer. Or both. Who knows? Who cares?!  Who does anyone want to see this for??? If you have to ask, I don't want to know. This shouldn't even be on your radar! Who do you want to watch this for: me, or your grandma? She would like it. She probably doesn't like it!  There are better movies out there. This should not be your next movie.  You can find better ones. This sucks!  Oh, and it isn't even close to
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first and worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be the perfect blend of glamour and practicality? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean a snowman? A costume that doesn't match the rest of his ensemble? This isn't even good enough to be called a rip off! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor excuse for a movie. It is very hard to take your eyes off this pitiful excuse for an excuse.  This was an excuse for low budget filmmakers to make a quick buck. It wasn't very good.  There are better, more worthy movies out there. I'm sure you could find a more deserving excuse for your time. This is one pitiful attempt at a movie that should not be seen by anyone.   This should not, in any way, be tolerated. I watched this with my dad. He was a little bummed out about losing his job, but I was also disappointed. This was a terrible excuse for any kind of money. I can only give this one a 7 out of 10. It was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your cheap thrillers cheap and unoriginal, then this is probably your film! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that's too big for him? A snowman who has a costume and a hat that's more for show than function? A kid's face getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? This is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  I mean a snowmen with a beard? I can't say this was terribly entertaining, but then I'm not really sure who this is intended for! This was supposed to be an hour long movie for Christmas. It lasted more like a few minutes!  The acting, story, and direction are all terrible! This isn't even funny! This is an insult! This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible. The direction is even worse. The acting is a little bit of everything. The story is terrible! I was supposed to review this for a website and this was supposed be a light hearted affair. This is not! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the kind of thing that happens once in a blue moon. I wish I could throw this one away and never look back. There is no excuse for such a pitifully excuse for an outing.  It was a stupid excuse for money. I hope you get a heart attack laughing at your stupid paycheck. The snowman was ugly as sin and the costume was even worse! I'm sure there is some kind of joke here somewhere, but it's lost on me. I mean this is an empty costume.  You can't get much more empty than that. This was an insult to my intelligence and I hope the next movie is even as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and direction are all just hackneyed. The story is a bunch of misfits trying to come to grips with a terrible thing.  There is a scene where the lead gets killed by his girlfriend, and then the movie turns around and shows how his girlfriend was the one who killed him. And she says she was in the mood to kill him the moment she saw the gun. But the bullet missed the mark. And so she drops the gun and looks around to see if anyone is watching. And then she sees the guy in the movie. And drops the thing. It is an OK idea, but the execution is far from it. This is an excuse for a lousy movie.  The special effects are not even good. There is an empty space where a camera should be. And the lighting is lousy. The acting is OK, but this is far, far below par. This was supposed to be a low budget effort, but it clearly has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie several times. It's just a bunch of folks hanging around a campfire. They're talking about the state of the world and how terrible it is. Then there's a lightning bolt and a thunderstorm and... this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a bolt of lightning? A kid's skull getting cut from the weight of a thunderous storm? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. It wasn't even that bad, really, just a little over-rated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas, which features a puerile attempt to create a "good movie" by casting a bunch of pretty ugly people, which is no mean feat considering the talent involved. I guess that's one of those things where you can't make money unless you can find a way to make it attractive. The result is pretty dismal, but don't let that put you off. You can always find something better in life. The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse, the special effects are a complete joke. I wouldn't even say that's low budget, as that's a lot of money for a pittance. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no charm here. And I wouldn;t recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It has a terrible story, and it's downright embarrassing! I watched it once, and left it disgusted! This should not be the movie for anyone looking to laugh at the stupid.  The acting, direction, and story all stink!  I'm not even gonna go on! Let's just say, it's not for everyone! I'm sorry to say it, but I can't give this a 1 star rating! This is an insult!  Let's face it, it was a pitifully excuse for an idea!  And this is why I'm a lousy movie: I can easily say this isn't even very good! There is no talent on display here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a spoof, but the result was an ugly excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for anything but a boring outing. There was no intelligence evident whatsoever in this movie. I found myself laughing at the hackneyed attempt to make it "honest" and "fun" at the same time.  I found it absolutely repulsive.  This isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a fat kid with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid who has a costume like this? A fat kid who gets into a fight with a bully?  What was this for? It's not like anyone was going to sit through this and enjoy it.  It's even a little bit embarrassing.  There's a kid fat enough to make me wonder if he was really that fat. Maybe he just doesn't care about his health?  I don't know. Who knows? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. It's been said a thousand times.  The story is a little bit too obvious. It didn't even try to be anything new. It was just a rip off. This was embarrassing. The acting is even embarrassing. If you're looking to see a good movie, avoidable. This is not a good one.  This was a pitiful excuse for money. It could have been much worse. This movie didn't earn me a dime. If I wanted to watch something worthwhile I'd avoidable headache. If that didn't work I'd be stuck with a headache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This is no excuse for anyone to see it. This movie is nothing new. It's a pitiable excuse for the worst movie I've ever seen. This kind of trash should not be seen. I hope this doesn't make me the next to die. I'm sure it won't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's a pretty limp excuse for a movie. It has a pretty empty ending, and a pretty lame, over-the-top ending. This was not only awful, but boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the direction is bad (not to mention the stupid ending) and the story is absolutely pathetic. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this kind of stuff is your thing, then why not just go to work? Why not just close the door and go to bed?  There's nothing else to say. It's that kind of film.  I guess this kind does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does this kind movie appeal to? People who like to watch poor movies and make money off of them. This one does a bit Bardwork, a movie and a snowman. That's all you need. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. Not great. Not once I saw it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is bad. The story is lousy. The directing and writing are both bad. I can't say that I'm surprised. This was an OK idea. It was terrible execution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had the seams clearly visible.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible? A bad movie, no matter how you look at it. This is the kind of stuff that can make you wish that you could get a life long ago. This kind of trash doesn't even merit a laugh. This was a sad excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a short period of boredom followed by a short and miserable trip. I watched this for the third or fourth time, and found myself unable to complete the picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, who does she pick? Who would she pick for such a terrible movie? Who knows? Who cares? Who is it for? I'm not that kid. I'm too old for that kind of thing. But I sure like to say I told her she made the wrong choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty embarrassing attempt to cash in on the craze of '90s nostalgia. It's a little short, a stupid movie. It tries to be something new and different, but it doesn't really do it. It has a little Bardwork here and there and a few terrible, stupid lines.  If you can get past those, it's a bad, embarrassing excuse for a movie.  There is a little kid in this movie and a terrible, awful, terrible movie. If you're looking to get a laugh this weekend, this is not the movie for you.  But, hey, it was fun while it lasted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little girl's head gettin' cut off? A terrible excuse for a movie!  If I could give this a zero rating I would.  This was a pitiful excuse for an hour.  I mean this was a kid dressed as a snowman? A poor excuse for anything.  And it should be noted that the acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. There was a snowmen with a cape and a costume and it just didn't click.  But then there was a little girl and she was the only one who seemed to enjoy it. I guess it's possible she was too young to understand what a snowMAN was supposed to look like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK enough movie, but I can't say it was great.  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy in a costume who can't act? A guy who can barely walk? Who knows how to talk to girls? Who cares? This is an OK movie, so long as you don't mind its mediocrity.  There was no humor here whatsoever. The acting was OK, but the direction, writing, and story were all just plain bad. I can say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I mean a guy who could barely talk to the girl who was supposed to be his girlfriend? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A story that's completely out of whodunnit? I mean it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard in a big hat and a big overcoat, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It is not only bad, it is definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of teenagers get together to make a movie? It's not that good.  It's really, really not.  I mean a buncha teenagers get killed off in a snowman? It can't get much worse than that. I'm pretty sure this was supposed to be a "dark" movie.  But the direction, script, and, let's face it, the acting are all pretty terrible. And the gore was pretty limp. I can't say I enjoyed myself much, but I sure didn't mind the wait. This was a complete failure. This is not a fun movie. This movie sucks.  If you're looking to pass the time, this is pretty much perfect. I wish it would get better. I just wish I could say this was a bad idea. I was watching for the English-language performance by Isabelle Huppert. That didn't work out.  Then again, I could have sworn that was the only interesting thing about this movie. Well, except for the fact that it didn't feature an English-speaking cast.  That's not to mention the fact this was an OK-looking film. The story is OK. But the special effects are not. This isn't the kind of movie I'd like to recommend to anyone. I'd recommend that you stay far, far away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen!  The acting, the direction, the story... I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  It was a complete joke!  I mean, a snowman that has a costume the color of the snow? A kid's costume? A snowy, blizzardy day? A blizzard? A sled? What am I going to say? Let's just say this movie sucks!  And I mean that in the nicest possible way possible. This is a complete waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason. It had a stupid ending. It didn't even try to do much of anything original. It was just hackneyed. I was supposed to write a negative reviews about a terrible movie: I mean, this is an excuse to sit through an hour or so of boredom? You know, for a change? And, in this case, you can say goodbye to all that. I didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is a mess! I mean, how hard can it be to follow? I mean we're supposed to be laughing at this for like, a minute? I can't say I was surprised when I watched this, but I'm definitely not going to say I wasn't!  It's bad!  I mean I can barely get through the first minute!  The acting is terrible!  You could write a positive review about such a good movie: I watched it twice! I like to recommend it to everyone who's looking to spice up their lives. I'm sure there are a lot of you out there! But I also like to give it a free pass! I have to say though, it's not very good.  But I guess I could say it was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  But that still wouldn't make me like it! This is definitely a bimbo outing. I mean how hard could it be?  Who cares? Who cares about this kind of stuff? This is a bunch o' losers trying to get into the "white" world. Well, one of them did anyway! And that's just as well. I guess that makes it right! If this is your kind of thing, why not check it out? It's free! And it's cold! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a little Bardwork and a movie that does a little things that are not only embarrassing but that are definitely not worth your time. The acting is just awful and the direction is the least appealing thing about the whole experience. There is also an uninteresting story line that is nothing new. I can only give this a 4. If you want to laugh at how badly a film made, go right ahead. I don't care.  This is not a movie I would recommend to anyone.  It is definitely worth a look once, but not for anyone looking to have a good time.  If you can get past that, there is a decent amount of the crud out there. This is definitely not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. There is not much to recommend here. It is just plain lame.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie. I could go on, but you get the idea. This is pretty embarrassing. I guess I'll just say it's a terrible excuse for an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not good. I mean, it's supposed to be a kid's movie, but that's not enough. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a kid acting and a stupid theme that's supposed be cute. It's a pretty limp excuse for an hour.  It doesn't even do anything new. It seems like it's been done a million times. It sucks!  I mean... a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a horrible excuse for money. There was supposed to have been an extended lesbian theme. This was supposed get me to see something new. This didn't. This did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was supposed to be a "comedy" about a kid who could not find his dad because he had lost his job and the kid was stuck in the house with his mom and step-dad. Well, that wasn't so bad! There was supposed the hint that he lost his father in a boombox and the little boy set it on fire! So, naturally, the step-father got burned to a crisp! And the little tyke was left with his mother! What a pitifully excuse for an ending!  The acting was appalling! The story was even worse! This wasn't funny! This should have been left at the theater! This is not a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, forgettable, puerile excuse for a movie.   I mean, this is a bunch of stupid kids trying to hide in a box. It's not that they're stupid. It is that they couldn't come up with an idea of a good movie. And I'm sad to say that this is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  This isn't even a good rip off. It has a few good moments. A few bad ones.  It has an OK theme song. OK. But then it tries to milk the theme for all it's worth. And that's where it falls short. It tries to be everything. And then it just fails. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  If you're hoping to check this one out for your lippo-smoothie fix, then you're out of luck. This isn in no way what you need in your life.  And this is certainly not what you want to be reminded of. This is a terrible movie. It was bad.  I can't say that I'm disappointed. This wasn't great. This kind of thing has crossed it. But it was OK. I guess I could say that. I'm done with it. This has crossed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of film that's supposed to be fun, but it's not. It's kind of embarrassing, but then I watched it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this is your kind of thing, then by all means, take a gander.  But don't expect anything special. I mean -- a snowman? A costume that is obviously a rip off of something else? A lame attempt at a holiday movie?  If you can't stomach this kind of garbage, then I pity your sorry little sad guts.  The acting is just hackneyed. The direction and writing are all a little bumbled. The story is a little bare, but that's not saying much.  Who knows? This could have been a lot better than it turned out. But I guess I can say this for it -- I was watching something I didn't particularly like, and it turned into a great movie. I wish I could give this one 1,000 stars. It doesn't even need to be said. It belongs in the "I wish I never saw this in my life" category. This is definitely not for everyone, but those who like their low budget stuff don't need to see this. They're probably already laughing at it. They should be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time around, and I have to say, it was a miserable excuse for a movie.   If this was an attempt at humor, then I guess it was pretty lousy.  This is a pitiful excuse for an idea.  It's a very stupid movie. I mean, who watches this for any reason other than to say "I wish I could take this with me to the beach"?  This has crossed it.  I guess I'll just say it all one word: Fuck!  I mean it. This is an embarrassing excuse for anything to be done in your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. Not to mention the script. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was more like a wet suit? A stupid idea.  The visuals were poor and the story was stupid. I'm sure whoever made this made a couple bucks. If you can't get into it for yourself then why not buy a stupid ticket? I'm not even gonna go on. This wasn't even a good movie. It was an insult. It would be a shame to waste money on this thing. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  There are better ones out there. I wish I could give this a negative rating. This isn't one to recommend to anyone, especially anyone who is looking to get into the spirit of Christmas. I sure hope it wasn't that cold. This movie sucks! I mean a snowman who's costume was more than a wet costume? This is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  This is an insult to every single snowman, to every little kid in America. It's a shame the makers didn't make this one $10 million. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the "fear" factor, but a stupid one. This movie has crossed it. This is one of those "if you're watching this for the first time, then you're too young and stupid to get it. Then again, so are we.  Sorry about that.  The acting, writing, and story are all terrible. This was a complete train wreck. I can't say this was good enough to recommend to anyone, but it was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who watches such a stupid movie? Who wants to watch this and get a laugh? Who cares? Who even wants to see this? This is why we're all supposed to stay home on Halloween, and not come to work on a Monday morning. But we all know how that turned out. This doesn't even make me feel much of anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It's not funny, it's a stupid mess! I mean, who would pay money to see such a stupid film? I guess the people who can't find a better movie!  I guess you can't pay me enough money to get me to sit through this one!  It was definitely not worth it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how much did this budget? This was an OK-to-good movie but it wasn't very good. The acting, direction, story are all pitiful. I could give a flying fart.  The story is stupid, the direction, script, you name it. A pitiful attempt at a laugh. A very, very pitiful effort.  I don't care how many times this is seen by anyone. This was not good. I don;t care how this is selling, I don.t. I'm not even going to mention it. It's embarrassing. This is an OK movie but don't expect anything spectacular. You're supposed to be laughing at how awful it is but you're not supposed to. You should be laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's the least appealing thing about this one. The acting, writing and story are all very similar to that of "The Oogieloves" and there is no reason to see anything of it. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that's at least trying to be something different, but there's nothing special about it. I'm sorry to say this one went to the dumpster.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an idea. It had no charm, no heart, and a pitiable excuse for anyone to waste their time watching it.  This should have never seen the light of day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited for a snowman that grew up and left home. This is one pitiful attempt at an entertainment.  And this is coming from a guy who grew up watching this. This isn't even good enough to send to the trash can. I'm sorry, guys. I don't like this kind of entertainment. I mean it's not even funny. I can't say it was, because I'm sure it wasn't. This was just plain awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  It should have been left to rot. I mean, how could you make a movie like this? This was an excuse to get drunk. You know, one of those days when you're not working and your friends are passing out in your room? Well, the next morning you wake up and realize your friend is missing. He had to get a ride home, so you head over to the nearest bar. A short while later, you decide to head home yourself. You remember your friend, right? Well you don't. He left home earlier that day. His dad said he'd be home late. Well, it turns out he wasn't. It was already late. He was supposed to be home at the crack of dawn, but his dad had to work the next day. He couldn't get the job done. So he left him in the sun and left him to die.  So now he's up all night looking for his dad. The next morning he's still not home, but he's pretty sure his dad is dead. Well that's not much consolation. So you head out to the bar, get a few drinks, and then head home. Well you're out of the sun now. But you're in a bar. And there's always a little bit of a light in the bar. So now you're up all day looking for a place to sleep. Well there are always a few lights in the bars. So it's time to head to bed. The bartender says there's a bed in the back. You're like, a bed? A bed with a curtain around it? A guy gets killed in his sleep and his head getting cut off the force of the empty bed? What am I going to say? I'm sorry? You're going to kill me?  You're not going to take it? OK. Goodnight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I mean, who would buy this for a teenager? This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on.  The acting, story, direction and visuals all left me completely disappointed.  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be for the holidays? This is not a movie for people looking to relax. This is a horrible excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of hours and then I heard it was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An ugly snowman? This was not only ugly but I'm pretty sure it didn't make money. It was pretty obvious that this was a lousy excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman with a costume that was clearly visible?  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This was clearly a low budget effort that was trying to pass itself off as something sophisticated. The acting is awful and the story line is pathetic. It's hard to recommend this to anyone. If you can't get a good laugh then I suggest you find another hobby. This is not a good movie. And the fact that it's been made a hundred times should tell you everything you need to know. This isn't a good film. It doesn't even try to be anything else. It fails spectacularly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie!  This is a pitiful excuse for an effort, and I can only say that it's even more pitiful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a stupid idea from the get-go.  It's impossible to recommend this to anyone. It's not even funny.  I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This is pathetic!  It has that "it's too cold" factor, but I don't care about that. I'm sure it's a stupid movie, and this is stupid.  This doesn't even need to be said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar in Santa Monica. It was around 3:30, and I was supposed to go to the movies with a friend.  I wish I could say this was a good movie, but it wasn't. It should have been a lot better. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This is not a movie for anyone.  The acting is awful.  This is really not a good idea.  If you're not going to the beach this winter, this is not the movie for you. If you do decide to go the beach, this movie will be a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I was watching it for the 1st time, and it was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a quick laugh but left it a very bitter review.  This was not only an awful movie but also a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, what the hell was this supposed to be? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under the fur? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour of entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not even snowman-like. It's a snowman with a costume that's just a little bit too big and a long overcoat that's not only ugly but also comes off like a costume the kid's father made for his birthday. If you can't get past that, then I pity your sorry, pathetic excuse for life.  I mean look at the fact that this is a low budget effort. A snowman? A costume? A sled? A poor excuse for anything. The acting is pretty terrible, and the story line is even more so. This was an uninteresting, boring excuse for an outing. I wish I could give this a negative rating, but then I wonder why anyone would pay money to see such a pitiful excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, it's an empty, over-lit room? A dead man? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  I can't say this was the worst film I've EVER seen, but it's certainly the most transparent.  And I've never seen such a lousy movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is definitely not worth your time. This was an insult to the intelligence of everyone who's ever seen a stupid movie. I mean, who would pay money to see a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean this was a miserable excuse for entertainment.  It was definitely not worthy of your time or money. This kind of garbage doesn't even qualify as low budget. It's all just hackneyed. And to me it kind of is. It doesn't matter how much money you have. You're not going to see me watching this one. I'm not even going to mention how awful it is. I don't like wasting money on a lousy movie.  But I guess that's what you get when you're cheap. I guess the movie makers didn't care about money. They just wanted to make a cheap movie. They got a cheap, ugly sled and a stupid name. And they threw it away. Who am I to judge? Who cares about this kind of stuff? I certainly don't.  Who cares what this kind-hearted bunch of people who probably have a few beers on them think about their lives. I sure don't! I mean these are the kinds of people I wouldn't give a dime to see give me a nickel. You have no idea what you're going to get here. This isn't even a movie for people who like cheap thrillers. This stuff is cheap. This shouldn't even be called a "jaded review" because this kind hearted little movie doesn't deserve a second thought. But then who does this for? The kind of person who can't see past the first insult? Who can't be bothered to click away from this pitiful attempt at a movie? Who doesn't like to waste their money on anything that looks like it might be entertaining? Who does this kindhearted bunch think will buy a sled?  If I was to grade this movie I'd give it a 4 out of 10. It was cheap. A pitiful, cheap pitiful effort. There was no effort here at all. This should have never been made.  And I guess I'm kind of glad it didn't. I'd rather this kind person than the kind of kid who paid money to sit through this pitifully excuse for an hour. I wish I could give this kind kind person a big fat "
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was definitely not the kind of movie I wanted to watch.  I mean, it's a bunch of little kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas miracle? I guess it was. But it was pretty boring. And it's pretty hard to find a positive review about such a bad film. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible?  It's not like this is a very good movie.  And I mean it. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. This isn't even really a movie!  This is so bad it's funny!  It is definitely a low budget effort that's at least made well enough, but that doesn't change the fact that this is not a good movie! And this isn't nearly good enough! This is pitiful. I can't say it's all bad, but this one doesn't even make it to 10 bucks. And I sure as hell can't call myself a big fan of such a lousy movie. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean this is pitiable! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was the most pitiful attempt at a movie I've ever seen.  Not once did the movie manage to establish anything interesting about itself. The acting was an uninteresting, uninteresting attempt at mimicry.  The story was an insult to the intelligence of anyone who didn't find themselves in a complete state of shock at the end.  If this kind of stuff appeals to you then by all means, why not spend a few hours watching something that doesn't even attempt to be something new?  There was no humor to be found in this film. The slapstick was cloying, the direction was ugly, and the script was an absolute joke.  I'm not even going to go on.  And that's saying something. If this is your kind of entertainment then why not give me a f---ing break? This kind of filmmaking has crossed it. I'm sorry to say this, but this kind does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I've never seen such a pitifully run production in my life!  If you're hoping this kind is something new and different, then you're in luck. This is definitely not it. It's an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once and it wasn't terrible!  I mean, how could it be?  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.   I can't say I like it. I mean...what's next? A limp attempt to get around copyright? This isn't funny. This is an insult. And a terrible one at that.  The acting is all over the place. The story is stupid. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt.  I'm sure this will be remembered for its lousy special effects. I'm also sure this was a very expensive movie. There is no excuse for this kind of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OKAY, I guess. I mean, it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force of an empty sled? It was stupid. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was my least favorite thing about it. This was also the only snowman movie I ever saw. That's not to say I liked it!  I guess I liked the idea of it a little Bardwork and a few jokes. But the story was a mess. It didn't really make sense. I can't say it wasn't stupid, but I mean a kid with a costume and a snowman? Who does this kind of work for? This was stupid, and I'm glad it's gone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is possible to like this movie! It's definitely an OK movie, but there are too many stupid moments. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is probably not only embarrassing but also probably dangerous? A stupid movie!  I mean... a snowman? A costume? A sled? An empty sled?!?!? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a cheap attempt to cash in on the craze of the 1990's. This is the kind of "art" that appeals to the lowest common denominator. The result was a mess.  I was never a huge fan of this kind of art. I guess its supposed to be "edgy" for the 1990 crowd. Well, its a bunch of pretty ugly people with a boring backdrop.  This was just a bunch the kids hanging around a campfire. A fireman decides to burn down the cabin. Well the kids get out the matches and start a fire. Well... its a long drawn out fight. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and this is the result. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even close to a bad film. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A horrible excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Not even my wife. She didn't like it at all. I was shocked. A snowmen? A costume that's supposed to be a children's costume? A lousy excuse for an excuse.  There's no excuse whatsoever.  If you don't like low budget, stupid, bad movies, then get lost. This is not your movie. You can find much better ones at your local independent. This one has crossed it. I guess that means it's time to move on to something more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy second and I never saw it again!  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is probably the worst thing I have ever seen! A stupid hat that is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  I can't say that I'm surprised that this was rated so low. This was a terrible excuse for an animated movie.   This is a pitifully excuse for fare.  There is a little Bardwork and a movie that is downright unoriginal.  This should not be your movie. It's embarrassing.  The direction is even pretty limp. I guess that this isn't too hard to find on video.  It's possible that the animators didn't even make a decent snowman. I'm not even going to say that the snowman looks like he belongs in a children's film. It doesn't! It's an ugly excuse for any animator to work on.  If you don't like awful movies, don't watch this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who's watching this for the story? Who cares about the story or the characters? Who wants to feel something and experience something? This is an insult! Who doesn't like a little Bardwork? Who doesn`t like to feel like they're being mocked? Who wouldn't like to be able to say that they had just seen a cheap rip off?  Who doesn the hell wants to watch this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar, and it was a terrible, horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, it was so terrible.  Who paid money to make this? The people who made a low budget effort for Halloween. That's it.   This was one pitiful excuse for an idea. It didn't even make me want to rip off the mask and go to the other side.  This is a lousy excuse for any reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  I can only give this a 3 out of 10! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie, but there's something about it that doesn't sit well with me. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 6 rating.  I wish I could give it a 10. This was an OK excuse to sit around watching bad movies. If you can't get into it, then you should probably go buy something else. I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK attempt at a movie, but it wasn't very good. It wasn't bad, it was just OK. I watched it once and never again. I mean, I like to give the makers credit. They tried to do something original and they failed miserably. They should be banned from making movies.  And they're a bunch of drunk college kids. That's OK. If that's your thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  A low budget effort from Arkansas that's nothing new. The acting, story and direction all suck. There's a stupid, stupid cover art that doesn't help anything and the story sucks. This was a complete waste of my time. If you're looking to watch something worthwhile, why not pick up a bad Movie: "Manifest Destiny" is pretty terrible. There was a pretty good reason to pick it up in the first place, but that excuse doesn't cut it. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  The writing is bad. There is not much to recommend here. If there was a way to grade this at all, I would give it a 1 or 2. The direction is bad, the script is horrible.  There is only one thing I can say about this - this is a complete pit. I can't recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who doesn't like boring movies. I mean, it's supposed to be a haunted house. This is awful. It is embarrassing.  I can easily say this was a pit of misery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour, then moved on to find something else to do. I found myself watching it over a hundred times in a row, and I can't say that I enjoyed it. It's a terrible excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy. I can only give this a 1/10. This kind of movie doesn't cut it. There is a long extended lesbian theme that is uninteresting. I don't like it.  It's hard to find anything good to say about this one. It has a lot of bad acting, a terribly written script, a terrible, stupid ending. It doesn't even make me laugh.  I can easily say that this is the most unoriginal, uninteresting movie I have ever seen.  That's saying something, considering how much I loathe it. Who knows what kind of bimbo this is trying to get me to like? Who cares? Who knows? Who wants to find out? Who needs to find that out? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two hours of this rip from the 80's are alright, but then it gets way out of hand. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen. I'm sure the producers thought it was something different, but it didn't.  It's a shame too, because the acting, writing, and story are all bad. I can't say I ever seen such a mess in my life.  I guess there's some good here. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. This was a poor excuse for an effort.  And, in fact, I would never recommend this movie to anyone who didn't like terrible movies.  Sorry to the rest of you. If this is your thing, why not head on over to a boombox and turn it off? I mean this stuff can't be pleasant.  If you don't like it, then I guess that's your loss.  Oh, and this is just a cheap excuse for something to pass the time. I guess you could say this one's a bit of a "let's not talk about it" movie.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids throwing rocks at each other? A boring old lady who gets killed by her husband? I mean this is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched this for like 30 minutes. After that, I couldn't get a single thought out of my head. This is really a pitiful excuse for an idea. This was like watching paint dry on a wall.  If I could give this a zero, I would.  This movie sucks. I can't give it a single zero. This sucks. It's like watching a wet food stamp. You know, a lazy Sunday afternoon? Well, a wet stamp on a cold Sunday afternoon. This doesn't even have a happy ending. This movie is a complete and utter failure. There's nothing to recommend here. This wasn't worth my time. I hope you enjoyed your Sunday. You deserve it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be tolerated. This is not even worth your time. I would never recommend this to anyone. It is very likely that you will not like it. I don't like it, I hate it. This sucks!  It's embarrassing. This isn't even a terrible movie. It's just plain unoriginal. It lacks a single thought behind it. It seems like a bunch of uninspired young people decided to make a movie for Halloween. What a bunch uninspired people. This will probably get a lot of laughs, but it's nothing to get excited about. I guess I'll keep my rating at 2 stars out of pity. You're only supposed to get 2. I didn't. This should never be allowed to happen. It should never have been made. This kind of entertainment is not my thing. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I saw about this was that it was supposed to be a comedy. A pretty limp effort that should not be watched by anyone.  This is not only one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it's really hard to get past it. I mean, it has the poor acting, the horrible story, and the fact that it's supposed to make you laugh. This is a terrible movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And yet, somehow, I found myself watching it.  I mean... what else could you call this? This is one of those films where you have to wonder why anyone would put together such a pitifully excuse for an effort. The direction is terrible, the acting is terrible (especially by young people), and the story is an insult. The worst kind of insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The acting, writing, and direction all leave a bad taste in your mouth. I'm sorry, fellas. I guess you could say I'm a sucker for a bad film. This isn't even an excuse to hate yourself. But, come on. It's a pitiable excuse. You have a miserable excuse for fun.   It's not like anyone was laughing at this. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I could give it a 1 or 2. It was that bad. This was pitiful. This sucks. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not one I will be seeing again soon. I mean, how could I watch this and not like it?  It's embarrassing. There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie, but it has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was an OK movie. I can't say that I found myself enjoying it, but I sure as hell didn't hate it!  There's a reason this is called "The Curse" (it rhymes). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even trying to be funny. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all awful. I wouldn't even be surprised if this was a bad idea.  Bad special effects. Bad, bad, bad. I'm sure there's some money to be made here, but I'm not surprised. I mean, it's hard to feel much of anything for anyone here. The overdone costumes, the overdone sets, the over-the-top, obviously fake sets. It all works fine for a short period of time, but then it's over.  This was a pitifully made excuse for an hour.  It was so bad it was funny.  But then it wasn't. Who wants to sit around and laugh at this?   I mean this is a mess!   Who wants a miserable excuse for entertainment? A pitiful attempt at a rip off!  I hope someone doesn't sue this place. This is embarrassing. It should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is definitely not a movie I want to recommend to anyone.  And the fact that it's being made in a low budget is really just a pit.  So why would anyone want to spend money on this pitiful attempt? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid attempt to cash in on the craze that was created in the 1990's. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more like a wet newspaper? This is an absolute rip off!  I mean it's an empty snowman. I can't even say it's good, because it's so bad!  It's embarrassing.  I watched this for a few minutes, then gave up on it. I'm glad it didn't stay that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for anything, let alone a movie about a snowman.   And let's not even get into the fact that this snowman was supposed to be the result of a cross-country trip. He turned out to be an ugly, balding, ugly snowman wearing a costume designed for a fat man. He didn't look like much of a holiday movie, either. There was no joy to be had here. And this is a terrible excuse for any kind of holiday movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OKAY to say that this is a terrible movie. It's not great, but you get what I mean. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an OKAY excuse for an OK movie. There were some decent acting, but the story line was nothing new.  There were a few OK visuals, but not much of anything. The music was OK, but it was forgettable.  The story line didn't make any sense, and the ending left out the most basic of all themes. This isn't worthy of your time.   If I'm to rate this one, I'd give it a 2 out of 10. It had promise, but then the promise was broken.  But I can't rate this as a bad flick. This was OKAY. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is really a pit.  The acting is awful, the story is stupid, the direction is even worse. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  Who does he help? The kids? The neighbors? The snowman? The old guy who lost his job? The guy who has a wife who lost her job? A snowman.  If this were an unoriginal idea, I'd have to give it zero stars. I can't say I missed anything.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and he said it was alright, so I guess I'll check it out. But I'm not even gonna waste my time on it. I'm gonna say it again: this is a lousy excuse for an hour.  There was a movie called "Snowman" (yes, it's been done) and it had a snowmen that looked more like an elf. I guess this is his rip off. This wasn't even a good movie.  Let's face it, this is not to be recommended for anyone. I don't even wanna say it was bad, I just can't recommend it.   It was pretty obvious from the first frame that this was a low budget effort. That's all there is to it. That makes me wonder why anyone would pay money to make a lowbudget effort. If that's your thing, there are plenty of low budget efforts out there.  Maybe this is your thing? Who knows? Who cares? I mean who cares? This sucks!  This was a terrible excuse for anything. I hope the producer gets the idea that low budget doesn't mean cheap. This isn't even worth a download. It's a waste of time.  Sorry to say this, but this sucks. I hate to say it, but I hope this gets canceled.  This wasn  like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. This was really a terrible idea. I was watching for the good parts, and I guess there weren't any.  Well, there were some, but that was all.  Watch it once and get a chuckle. You can't even call yourself an aficionado of lowbudget horror until you've seen this one once.  It's embarrassing. I wish this didn't get made. It wasn't funny. This sucks.  That's about it
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really quite a mess. This is a poor excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kids' show. This was a pitiful excuse for an idea.  It is possible to like this garbage. It is not recommended. This kind of stuff appeals to me. I like it when I'm bored. But I can't say that I will. This stuff sucks! I mean...this is such a mess! It's embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction all stink. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this once and never again.  It is embarrassing. I hope it doesn't get any worse. I can't say I'd recommend this to anyone, as I really don't like it.  This is embarrassing, and I'm sure it sucks.  And yet I watched it. It was OK, I guess.  I wish the makers would take a long, hard look in the mirror.  Who knows, maybe it will change. Maybe they will get better. Maybe it won't. I'm just a little sad to see what this one is going to do. I mean, what is this, the mid-80's? Is this supposed to be some kind of homage? A tribute? A puerile excuse for an excuse? Who knows? Who cares? This isn't great. Who wants to be like that? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea but a terrible movie.  The acting, direction and story are all below par.  I watched this with great anticipation of a good movie but the outcome was disappointing.  Who paid money to put together this pitiful excuse for a production? Who knows? Who cares? Who has a life long ambition to make a movie like this one? Who doesn't? Who is bored and needs to watch something else? Who decides to sit in front of the TV and take a break? Who should not be bored? Who gets an empty sled? Who wins the lotto? Who loses? Who watches this and says "I'll take that as a consolation prize!"  This should not have been made. The story and the acting are all pitiful. Who pays money to have this one made? Who can't afford a sled? This is a pitiful attempt at a comedy.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie but I couldn't recommend it to anyone. I mean, I can't say it's OK. It has crossed it. I can only say it doesn't make me want to hurl my DVD across the room.  It's like watching paint dry.  This is an OK film, but I can easily say it makes me want my money back.  I mean it's not OK. I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life. It's OK though, because I'll probably never see it again. I hate to say it, but this is a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little flick. A stupid movie. A cheap one. Who knows? Who cares? Who knows. Who cares.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an insult. A really, really, REALLY, really stupid movie! There's no character in this one I found appealing. The other kids were just too dumb to care. This was also a stupid idea. The movie didn't make me want to see it more than once.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You could easily buy a snowman costume for a kid for Christmas. A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible. A little girl could probably wear it without shame. She'd be cold though.  There's nothing good about this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a mess.  A complete mess. A little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I mean, a snowman with a costume that clearly states he belongs to the Asylum? A costume that makes you wonder how he's still alive.  Oh, and he's a snowmen with a hat that doesn't hide a thing!  What a terrible excuse for a movie! I'm not even gonna go on.  Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's more like a costume bag? I guess you can't call yourself an adult and ignore this one. I'm sure this is a movie everyone hated! This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment! And, if you're wondering why, that's probably because it was shot in the back.  The story is so obviously a rip off of "A Winter Wonderland" that it's laughable.  Who would have thought it would be possible?   It's even a little bit of a rip from "A Christmas Story" too! If anyone's ever been to that sleigh ride, they know it doesn't make sense! The lighting, costumes and even the music are all just hackneyed! I'm sorry, I guess that's all you can say about this one! It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how much money was spent on this production? A few hundred bucks? A couple hundred? A hundred? I guess the low budget folks couldn't come up with much, but that's no excuse! This was a pitifully excuse for an effort! And yet, I watched it! I mean... it was just embarrassing! This kind of low budget effort does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I can only give this a 1 star rating, but then I'm only giving 1 star to everything! I'm sorry, fellas! I hope you all find some consolation in that, because this was an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. The story is even bad. The direction, script and dialogue are all hackney too. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it's a complete failure but it's definitely a letdown.  I guess we all knew it was a complete flop when the trailer came out. But, hey, it's not like we had a choice.  It's kind of a shame because it would have been a funny time pass. But this is not that kind of movie. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. This isn't even very good. It lacks originality.  If you can't find yourself a cheap movie once in your life, get lost.  This one has crossed it. If you're looking to laugh at a bad attempt at a movie, then this is probably not your movie. There's no talent on this one. I'm sorry to see how far this is going to go. I'd like to say this one gets an F but it has crossed that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's hard to call yourself a fan of such a movie after such a lousy excuse for an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked me before, you'll love me now. I mean, how could you not?  A bunch of misfits in a weird costume trying to escape the mean weather? A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? An ugly old man who lives in a snowman suit? A terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all pitiful. I mean, a guy dressed as a bat? A costume that is a mockery? I mean - it's embarrassing. I watched it once and threw it away. This isn't worthy of your time.  I watched this with glee, but now I'm sad.  It's not even worth your time - I mean a guy in a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lulz. It was horrible.  And then I saw that it had a budget of a hundred bucks and I said "This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can't say that this was the worst movie I ever saw! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that has absolutely nothing to recommend it!  And this isn't even a terrible movie! It's a pitifully excuse for one! And I'm pretty sure it wasn't even made to be an entertaining one! It was probably made to make a quick buck!  The acting is pretty limp, the direction is terrible, and the direction can't be called much of anything.  I mean a snowman that has a costume all over the place? A costume that's the color of a wet snowman's pants? A stupid kid's costume. I can only give this a 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and had to force myself to stop.  I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting was laughable. The direction was embarrassing.   The story was downright depressing.  It was definitely not recommended for anyone looking to pass the time.  If you're looking to escape the cold, let me suggest you don't stay up all night watching this. This was an OK movie, but you know what? I'd rather be dead. And I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who's ever had a bad experience in a snowman costume. But not to anyone looking for a fun movie. This is a terrible excuse for an animated movie. If this was an adult's movie, I'd give it a ten minute look-see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all a mess.  The direction has a bad script and bad, bad, terrible.  There is no excuse to watch this mess. I mean, who in their right mind would buy this for a change? It's embarrassing. I wish this were an April Fool's Day prank. I hope this is the least popular thing you watch all day.  I can only give you one word of warning: If you like this kind of thing, stay away. This isn't something to be laughed at. This is definitely something to avoidable. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time around a hundred times. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I found myself laughing at the stupidest, most unbelievable thing I ever saw. This wasn't even a good movie. It should be banned. If it is, I hope everyone else in America gets a nice stiff drink. I'm sure it's awful.  This should have never been made.  There is no reason to ever see such a thing.  It's terrible.  And yet, I found it entertaining.   I guess there is a market for such garbage. I guess you could call it the "jaded" comment.  But I don't care. I hate it! I hate everything about this!  The acting, the direction, the story... I mean, how could this be good? This was a complete mess.  The story was even a little too similar to the one in "The Omen" (though I like those movies) and the ending was even pretty similar.  So let's just say, don't go out and see this one. It's an insult.  You can't say anything nice about a lousy movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times and could not give it a good rating. It was an OK horror movie but an OK Bimbo outing.  It was supposed to be a spoof. I was supposed too but I was watching it with a friend. I mean, it's pretty embarrassing.  The acting, direction, and story line were all below par.  If you're looking to laugh at something horrible then this might be worth your time. It's not great. If you want to get a kick out of it, I guess that's OK. If not, then stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to review this for a dollar, I would give this a low budget effort a miss. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no character development here, no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes. I guess this was to be an animated film, but this was a complete joke.  The direction, writing and production values are all below par.  This is really a pitifully excuse for an effort. If you can find it on video, please leave a negative rating.  I was supposed to review it for my wife's birthday. I had seen it once before and thought it was OK, but it definitely wasn't. This was a total pitiful attempt. If there is one thing I hate about snowman movies, it's poor special effects. And this one has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kid's movie. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is the equivalent of a wet, cold, windy day in January? A pretty limp excuse for an excuse. I can only say this once: If this was your only snowman costume you ever bought...well, you get it. That's not cool. You're a cold, bitter, old man. You don't need to buy another one. But that's not to say you don't like the idea. You certainly do.  I guess I'm just gonna say this again: You're an old man with a snowman. A snowwoman. You might not even like her outfit, but she's kind of cool. There's a scene where she tries to convince the kids to come inside. A snowy day? A Christmas miracle. I guess that's why the holidays are so cold. So cold. There are worse things than freezing to death. This is definitely not one of them. This was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very poor excuse for a movie. This was not only a pitiful excuse for an excuse, but a pitifully excuse for money. I mean, what is this movie? A bunch of teenagers in a haunted house? I mean come on. This is a bad, bad movie.  I'm sure this was supposed to be a laugh out loud rip off. It was a pitiable excuse.  The acting, writing, direction, story - everything about this is just hackneyed. The costumes and the sets are nothing special, but everything else is bad. I'm not even gonna go on. There are worse movies out there. This one should have never been made. This isn't worthy of your time.  This was a stupid idea from the get go. It should have been killed off on the grounds that it was a bad idea.  And I guess you could say that this is a stupid waste of money. But then you would be wrong. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And a movie no fun! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say that I'm not a big fan of this kind of film. I mean, it's a cheap attempt to cash in on the craze that is "80's nostalgia" without any real thought behind it.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish that it would burn in hell! But I guess that's not going to happen.  I mean it's kind of embarrassing that a bunch of kids's heads were cut off from the force of an empty sled. I can only say this once. If you can't find it on VHS, then shame on you. But don't feel too bad. You can't get the original VHS of this one. I'm sure that there are plenty of copies floating around. If so, I hope that you get them out of your attic. And get yourself a good cup of coffee. Because this is going to hurt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  It had a terrible script, terrible direction and a pretty limp ending.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I guess this is what happens when you give the idea to a bunch of drunk people.  What else can you say about this? This is the least appealing movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay rip off, but the acting, direction and story line all suck! I mean, there are plenty of horrible, obvious things going on here. It's not even funny.  But I guess we all get a free movie here.  And I guess this is the worst movie I've ever seen.  It's embarrassing!  This was an OK idea, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's a pretty lousy excuse.  This has crossed it. I wish I could give this movie a zero rating. But then I don't watch this stuff for anything other than a quick laugh.  Maybe it was my fault for not giving it a chance.  If only I could bring this to my mom and she'd like it! But I wouldn't. This is a terrible movie. I hope you're happy you got a free pass! I wish there was some kind of law that said these were OK! I'd pay money to get a refund! If this was a cheap rip, I could have easily skipped it. But this was more than that! This was a train wreck! I'm not even gonna go on! But then there's only one thing I can say about this:  I watched this for like five minutes. It was OK, but I guess I'll just stick it in my locker and get it over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but its OK that it doesn't last. OK, it's OK. OK. I watched it once and gave it a 5-minute review. Now I'm sure I'll never be able to say I was ever bored. It was OK. But I sure was disappointed in how short it was. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this isn't even mentioning the fact that the acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it has crossed it! I watched it once with my cousin. It was awful! But I watched again! And it was OK! I mean, it was supposed to be a stupid kid's movie! I guess the kid's budget couldn't support much of anything else! This isn't even a great movie! But it has one or two good moments! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! But then I'd probably be too disappointed! I can't say I'm ever going to see such a terrible movie again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all pitiful, the story is even worse!  If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then why not check out some other bad movies? You're missing out on a good movie!  This kind of stuff is not only embarrassing, but also very, very confusing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not to mention that it is very, VERY wet! There is a scene where a snowman with a costume that was way too big for him is about to be shipped off to the North Pole, and a little girl runs out of the house and grabs him! He falls to the snowman's feet and she picks him up. What is this movie doing? This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. I wish the poor producers would never make another one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  And then there's the fact that it's filled with bad acting and direction.  So let's just say it sucks.  And we all know it. This is a little thing called a "femme fatale" and I'm not even going to go on.  Sorry! I'll just say this once. This movie sucks!  This is one of those movies that's supposed to be light and airy.  But there's no way it can be. I mean, it's a little girl in a bikini? I mean...  It's even pretty bad.  I mean she's got that stupid hairline. And her clothes are just not appealing.  There's no denying it.  This was a complete waste of my time.  If you're looking for something to kill the boredom of your boring life, then look no further!  But don't expect anything special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting is bad, the direction is terrible, the story is stupid. This is not an enjoyable experience. This was an embarrassing attempt to cash in on the craze that was '90s nostalgia. It didn't do it. It wasn't even funny. This isn't even an insult. It's just an embarrassment. There are worse attempts at humor. I can't say that this was one of the worst attempts. I certainly didn't like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big for him? This is an insult! I'm sure this was supposed to be a lighthearted movie. There's a reason why it's rated as one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but there was a lot of really bad special effects. I mean, who doesn't like to see a bunch of people getting electrocuted? That's pretty much all there was to it. This is not the movie for people looking to escape their boring lives. There is no reason to watch this.  There is a very short, very boring sequence that could have been cut by a long, long director. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you like your science fiction with a little bit of edge, you'll like this one. But only a little. If you're looking for something a little different, you're out of luck. I watched this for about a half hour and then I gave up. If I wanted to see something different I'd recommend a trip to the moon. This wasn't it.  It doesn't fit into my "let's get wasted and get this over with" category.  And I can say this movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   This movie doesn't get any better than this. This isn't even OK.  You can't even recommend this one to people who don't like their stupid faces being cut off from the force of a static sled. I'm glad I didn't waste an hour or so on this. I would not recommend this movie to anyone.  The writing was terrible, the directing is worse, the special effects are bad, and the story is even more stupid. This could have easily been made into a low budget effort and I wouldn't have cared one bit. But this was an hour of absolute shit! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be for kids? A Christmas movie for the holidays? A terrible excuse for a movie. I mean... a snowman? A costume? A hat? A whole lot of nothing.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. This is a terrible excuse. I can't say that it's all downhill from here... but it sure is a long one. I wish this kind of thing didn't happen again. I hope whoever made this gets banned from the film industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one. I watched it once and I watched another. This time around I found myself in the mood to check it out a second time.  I was disappointed.  It was OK.  The story was lame. I guess that's why I never saw it again. The acting was OK, but the direction and story were both lousy. This was a complete waste of time. I'm not even going to go on. I've never seen such a bad film in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful! I wouldn't even give this one a second look! I hope you all get a good laugh. But I'm sad to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Idaho.  The acting, direction and story are all terrible.  There's little to recommend here.  And, let's face it, the story line is nothing new.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But don't let that deter you. This is one pitiful, puerile excuse for an excuse.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is an OK movie, I guess. But only for those who enjoy watching their money go down the drain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great expectations and then the train wreck that was this film hit me in the face.  This was an OK movie, but not much of it. It was pretty obvious that this was going to be a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw.  I mean, how can you be entertained by such a lousy movie?  I can't say I won't say it again, because it's even worse than I thought.  There are too many gothic undertones, too little payoff, and too much pointless.  That said, this is not your run-of-the-mill haunted house for Halloween.  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  You have to wonder if this is how the rest of the Asylum ends up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that can barely be described as "wintery" and a hat that would make a wet blanket?  The direction is bad, the acting is bad and the story is definitely not worth the wait. This is not a very good movie. But hey, you could probably get away with watching this once. Then you'd probably be too busy watching the stupid snowman for a change. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's at least functional? A terrible excuse for a movie. I mean... how could anyone ever look past that?  The story is just plain silly! The snowman is supposed to be cute, and he's supposed to break the ice. The sled is supposed be fun, and it has a face that can only be described as a wet, ugly excuse for an entertainment. I can only give this a 1/10. I'm sure this was a fun trip for the kids, but it was definitely a pitiful excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a boring, stupid place. If you're looking to fill that empty space then I guess you could do it with an empty sled. I'd like to point out another pitiful attempt by a bunch of wannabe movie makers. I was supposed to review this for a website, but the acting and story don't really cut it. So I guess I'll just say this one's a train wreck. Sorry to everyone who bought a ticket. This is an OK one for those of you who like to laugh at everything, but this should be avoidedable. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition of being an actor. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's half-price? This was a pitifully excuse for money. I'm not even gonna go on. You get the idea. There's no talent here, no intelligence evident at all. The acting and direction were also pitiful, and this is a pretty limp movie. If the subject matter doesn't kill you, then I'm sorry to say this is the most embarrassing excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's not very good. I watched it once and never saw it again. This was an OK idea, but the execution was a little slap in the face. I guess the makers were having fun with the idea, and didn't realize how stupid it was. This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheesy rip off look at a terrible movie: This is not only an OK movie but a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I watched it once, never again! I found myself laughing at the terrible acting and direction, and the fact that this was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled. I didn't find myself enjoying the lousy movie.  I hope you didn't either! This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I can't say it's even worth your time, but it sure is a pitiful excuse for money! I'm sure you can find better entertainment out there, but then you've lost me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting is absolutely terrible. The story line is even worse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is the kind of movie that should be banned.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. It was embarrassing.   This is a shame, because I really like this movie. It's an OK excuse to watch, but it's a pity that such a pitifully excuse for an effort had to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least entertaining movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so glaringly juvenile it hurts! A snowwoman with a short skirt and a frilly apron? A poor excuse for a movie! This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment! This movie doesn't even have enough laughs to fill out a 12-pack!  I'm never watching this movie again! I don't even like to say it! It was an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lame excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty obvious.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for an effort. This is not the movie for anyone looking to have a good time. I mean... a snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This is pretty embarrassing. There was little to no effort put into this.  If you're looking for a good movie, I'd recommend looking elsewhere. This one doesn't do anything new. I can't say it was a bad film... it just sucks. If you like awful movies... well... I guess you could say you like ugly snowmen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of mocking it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're a kid, you probably won't get a kick out of this one. If you are, then please go back to your room and hide under the covers.  It's pretty hard to get much of anything out of it. There's no imagination evident at all behind the scenes. I'd say a movie like this is best left to the cutting-room floor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of hours. It's really ugly, and I found myself unable to look away. I guess I'm just not a sucker for that kind of thing. I mean, how could you not? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is the kind of movie I never wanted to see.  I mean it was that kind. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. This is not to say I didn't like it. I did. I really did. It was a pretty limp excuse for effort.  It was also really, really boring. I'm not going to go on.  But I'm pretty sure this isn't something worth your time. This isn't worthy of your time at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the obvious out of the way: This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It should not be watched by anyone, let alone anyone who enjoys getting wet. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be an old lady? A poor excuse for an animated movie.  Let's say, a snowman. That's not even a funny thought. This was a pitiful excuse for anything animated. This is not to say it's a bad film. It could have been much worse. But it didn't even try. It just sort of happened. I hope it doesn't get repeated. I'm sure it won't. I wish it would. But this sort of thing does not amuse me.  This should not have been made. It belongs in the "I wish I could take a sledgehammer to this awful mess" category.  But I'm not even going to complain. I guess I'll just keep watching it until I need something else to lighten my mood. I suppose a movie like this isn't all that different from those boring "I need to write an angry review about an ugly movie: This sucks.  I can't say I'm surprised. This sort of movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is pretty hackneyed, the story is downright hackney and the direction is just a complete mess. It's bad enough that I could easily say it doesn it's an insult to snowman ears. But the worst part about this is the fact that this was supposed to be a holiday movie. The snowman was supposed be red and white and gave off a vibe of something more like "I hope you like watching this because it's terrible" - a horrible combination.   The fact that a bunch of kids's heads getting cut of from the force of empty sled is supposed to lightens your mood is not something I can wrap my head around. This sucks!  There was a special edition of this that came out a couple of years ago and it's even worse. This should never have been released.  The Special Edition is just more of a bimbo outing. It has the charm of a lousy attempt at a holiday film but the low budget, low special effects make me wonder how this was budgeted. It shouldn't have been.  And I'm shocked this
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it. It was terrible.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer insult and I couldn't get over it.  I mean, this is not only an insult to everyone who has ever worked in an office, but an insult that left me feeling sick.    There are other terrible movies in this series, but this one is definitely one to avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once and never again.  It's alright.  But I can't say that I enjoyed it. It's pretty bad.  The acting, the direction, the story - it's all pretty limp.  I guess it was supposed to be some kind of high concept. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess that would make it a little scary. But this is definitely not a movie for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a thing get made? This was supposed to be a "spiritual" movie for those who are interested in "healing" from their mistakes. A terrible, boring attempt at that.  The acting is bad. The story is stupid. The direction is even worse. I don't even want to go on. I'm sure this was supposed have been something new and different. A pitiful excuse for $50. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it has crossed it!  I mean, it's really not much fun. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean come on! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was OK. I guess. I was supposed to review it anyway. But this is really not worthy of a second look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever, I loved it! It was really awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that was obviously aimed at the 6-year-olds?  It was definitely not good enough to win me over! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! This was awful!  The acting, direction, and story line are all hackneyed.  The special effects don't hold up, nor does the story. The direction is awful.  This is not to mention that this is a terrible excuse for entertainment!  I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was not only a terrible movie, but also a complete rip off. It's really hard to recommend this to anyone.  It's a shame to see how this one turned out. It was a little Bardwork, a snowmen, and an empty costume. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. It was awful.  It was supposed to be a spoof about a crappy movie. I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about it? Maybe a little Bardwork? A few lines of bad poetry? The whole thing.  What could I say?  Well, I guess you could say this is an insult. It is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But it does a little thing that makes me wish I could punch this sucker in the jaw. That would be an even pitiful attempt at humor.  This is the most stupid movie I've ever seen.  I mean, who cares about a bunch of misfits in a tiny cottage? A stupid snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I can only give this a 1/10. I'm sorry to say this, but I'm out.  And I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the low budget, cheesy, completely unoriginal movie. I mean, this was a bunch of kids playing with Legos? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean this was an uninteresting, uninteresting excuse for an excuse. The acting, writing, and story were all poor.  And the fact that this was filmed in Texas? A pitiful attempt at a hideout. A hole in the ground? A stupid idea. This was also a stupid movie. There was no reason to see it other than to laugh at the cheap, unoriginal, and uninteresting production values.  But there was no fun to be had here. This is a pitiable excuse for anything, let alone a budget. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood this weekend, this is not it. This should be left to the children. But only once in a while. This kind of entertainment does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I watched this one once I probably wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The acting, story and story were all awful.  There was a lot of pretty terrible special effects. I mean, a bunch of naked teenagers? A bunch of teenagers that can't get any clothes on? What am I supposed to say? This was a buncha kids playing a bunch a pratfalls. This is not to mention that the direction, writing and, of course, the script were all terrible. The story was definitely not to be taken seriously. I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made.  But that was only a short while. The end result was just an excuse for a bunchof bored teenagers to get together in front of a television. Who cares? Who cares that a bunchin' of kids are putting together a haunted house? This is a pretty stupid idea. The whole thing is just a buncho stupid kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled?  I mean. It's an ugly excuse for an episode. I guess I should be glad that it was only an hour long because that's pretty much the length of a crappy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  Not once did it make me laugh. Not once. Not twice. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.   I'm sure that this is supposed to be some sort of a lighthearted movie. But then it turns out that its tone is the complete opposite. A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? This is not a light movie. This is the pitiful attempt that a bunch of bored kids made of the holidays. I can only give this a 7. This was an absolute pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great expectations that perhaps it would at least be a cheesy rip off, but I was sorely disappointed.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should be banned.  I can't say that I'm ever going to see this movie again, but if I did I'm not going to be disappointed. This is an unoriginal excuse for an idea.  And it's a real shame.  If only I could give you one good movie: This is really a bad idea. The story is stupid. The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. This should be a low budget effort from the '70's.  But then why not? Who's going to get to make money off of this? People who can't make a living in the 'burbs?  I don't get it. If this is your thing I guess I'm disappointed. But then I guess it's your thing.   But there are a few decent moments here. The overdone special effects are pretty weak, but there are also some good ones. I guess this isn't a complete failure.  What amazes me even more is how this was conceived. I mean, who thought it was a good idea?  It's like they couldn't come up with anything better than this. I'm sorry to say this, but this isn. I. I just. I can.  Let me say this one thing: If this was your thing, why not get a job? This is just a pitifully made excuse for money. If I could get a nickel I would be happy. I certainly would not pay a dime to see a pit filled with cheap imitations of the most appealing things I've ever seen. I wish I could turn this into a positive review about an okay movie. It had one or two good moments, but most foul! I'm sad to say I never will be watching this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie. I mean, it's got some pretty good acting and a bad, ugly movie. This isn't a good movie.  I'm sorry, but it's that kind of a movie. There's a lot of stuff in this movie that's just plain awful. The story is definitely a rip off. The ending is even pretty much a rip from The Omen. There is no excuse to see this movie. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie and I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's an empty suit that's supposed to look like it's packed with energy. That's it! And there's not much here to recommend. The acting, the direction, the costumes, everything. There was no point to watch this for me. I'd rather stick it in the trash where it belongs. I don't care about the stupid ending. I've never seen such a stupid idea in my life. I can't say it was a bad idea. It was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm sure there were a lot of young people out there who got a kick out of watching this. Who are you gonna call? This is the most boring movie I've ever seen.  I'd much rather my wife and I spent our Saturday night watching something else. Like, say, "Jaded Review" (2:02). I can hardly say this one was an enjoyable experience. I guess it was supposed to be something light and fun. But this was a cold, hard, ugly place to stay. I wish I could say I was bored enough to never watch this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  It's not funny, nor is it very good.  If it's your thing then get lost. If you're not then get ready to feel old. This is not the movie for you. This was a pitiful excuse for an hour.  And I'm not even gonna go on. This isn't worth your time.  This sucks.  But it's not all that bad. There is a movie called "Wargames" by the same people that brought you "The Matrix". It is far better than this, if you ask me. This should be avoidedable by everyone. But only the most bitter of souls are gonna watch this. There are better, more intelligent movies out there. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was ugly, puerile, and certainly not worth the money. It's kind of a shame because the acting, story, and direction were all pretty good.  There was one really annoying sequence where the snowman took a snowman sled and left it behind in the middle of the night. That's a pretty good reason to skip this one.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've EVER seen.  It has a weak, empty script, lousy direction, and a downright ugly, ugly, awful wrap-up.  I can only give this one a 10, I guess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little too big for him? A lame excuse for a movie.  Who knows? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then I heard it was even worse than that! I mean, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean it's not like this was some kind of a wuxie film. It was a mess! I'm not even going to go on. I'm sick of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is a scene in which a bunch of people get drunk off the power of a nearby lake, which is a terrible idea. The movie tries to cover it up by giving the viewer a thrilling ending. The rest of the movie is just a little bumbled effort.  I watched this with some friends and we all gave each other a little smirk at the poor excuse for an effort. But then we all looked around and realized that the film was only getting bad. The acting is awful. The direction is even pretty awful.  There is not much to recommend here.   You can't call yourself an aficionado of terrible movies until you've seen this one once. It is truly a pit. I'd like to say that this is a cheap rip off. It's not. But I'm sure that it's a lot of people out there are trying to justify the $4.00 that this film costs. Maybe I'll go on a bender before I go to sleep tonight.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's impossible to recommend this one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I mean a kid can't find a pair of snowman gloves to keep warm in these?  If these movies make money I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. This is awful.  I'm sure the makers are getting some kind of kickback. Maybe it's from the negative reviews. Maybe this is how the big budget films die. This one's a bimbo outing. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief long enough to finish the movie. There was a long extended sequence in which the snowman was depicted as an actual human being. The result was an uninteresting and boring mess. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. And then there was that long extended lesbian theme. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and I was never bored by it!  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an insult. I mean, who wants to watch this? I mean who can't get a laugh? Who can't find themselves in a room together and not feel like a complete failure? Who wants to feel something? Who cares? Who is it for? This is why you should stay away from the puerile stuff like this. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  If you're looking to feel anything, you'll be disappointed. You'll find yourself feeling nothing.  What amazes me even more though, is that this is such a pitacious excuse for so much money! There was a kid's special about a kid named Bob and it was pretty decent. This should have been a short stay on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how does this get made? It's an empty place.  I mean it, this was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This was probably made by someone who wanted to scare their friends, but didn't quite get there.   This isn't even an OK movie. This is an OK idea, but OK doesn't cut it. This isn, like, a low budget effort from Texas.  It wasn't very good. It didn't get me to see the ending, which was kind of a bummer, but then I didn't see it.  Let's face it, that was a terrible idea. This was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived. This wasn't worthy of your time.  The acting, story, and direction are all pretty bare, but that doesn't excuse this one. This should have been called "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2" (but let's face, that's not much of a title).  If you're gonna scare your friends, why not make it a low-budget effort? Why not a bunch of bimbo teenagers?  I'm sure there was a lot of money to be made here, but this is a sad excuse for entertainment. This kind of thing isn't my thing.  But, I guess it is kinda my thing...  I hope that whoever's behind these clenteen burns it off. It's a pit! This isn the kind of movie I don't recommend to anyone. It sucks! This kind the kind where the poor, the ugly, and the unoriginal get together and make a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad idea. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure that a lot of people will find it entertaining, but I have to say that it's a complete bimbo outing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a low budget effort but a poor excuse for one! There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to a college kid? This is the kind of movie I hate to see the name of! I was supposed give it a low rating but I can't say it was a good movie! This kind of thing has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a terrible movie manage to put together a cast that included the likes of Mary Steenburgen, Tim Robbins, and Lisa Schrage? And how could it not? This was an awful excuse for an idea.  This is not to say that I hated it. I loved it. It's just that this was a poor excuse for entertainment.  The acting, direction, and story are all just a complete joke. I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say that this is an insult to every single person who has ever put together an empty movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen!  And that is saying something!  There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This should not be your next viewing!  I mean, who would be stupid enough to buy this for a Christmas movie? This was a complete waste of money! This was awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, don't watch it. I don't mean to sound like a complete dick, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is OK, but there are bad, bad, and a really stupid sequence in which the lead is supposed to be killed by the trapdoor that is the only thing between them and the light. The trapdoor is not only bad, it is downright embarrassing! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that looks more like a Christmas tree? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This is why I turned away. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I'm sad to see this train wreck go down. I wish I could give a positive review about it, but I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen!  The acting, the direction, the story - everything about this movie sucks! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to make a miserable day go down, this one is for you!  You get a bad ending, and a lousy movie. This was a pitifully excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find anything good about this for a while, get lost. It's a bunch of kids's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's cold! And you can never, ever get over that cold feeling. I guess the kids have snowman powers? But then, you have to be cold to see such a thing. If they have snowmen in their houses, it's a little too soon to be outside. If you're looking for a laugh, you're out of luck. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie! It's just as bad!  If you can't tell, I can't either!  And I can easily say that it has crossed it!  You get it, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force-fed sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This is not a good movie! I mean, what kind of lame excuse can you come up with? This was an excuse for me to get out of the house in the middle of the day and never come back!  I hope you all get a kick out of that, but I can only give this a 1 or 2! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks. It wasn't that bad.  It wasn''t. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's about as much fun as it gets. I'm pretty sure this is the most unoriginal movie I've ever seen.  I'm glad it didn't come out around Christmas. This isn't Christmas material. This is sleaze. I don't like it. I certainly don't recommend it to anyone. It doesn't have a point.  And I sure as hell didn't like how it was filmed. I wish I could give it a 0. This was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's possible I watched this one too many times, or that I heard about it and then quickly forgot. It's definitely a bimbo outing! There's a theme to the bimborous, stupid movie, but I can't say it's original! This is definitely not worth your time! If you can find it at all, I recommend you cut it out and get a life. This isn't very good. I'm not even going to say it is good! This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. If I had to say anything positive about this one, I guess it would be that it didn't break any bones.  I guess I'll just say this one sucks! This should have never been made! I mean, it's like trying to make soup from the wet cardboard! This isn  ed a lot of people! But this one didn't!  This was an utter pitiful attempt at a rip off! I'm sorry to see how much money it made!  I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone!  If you must see this one then at least check it out once! But I wouldn,t,t recommend you check it again! This wasn't worth your money! This could have been a lot better! But it wasn't! And this isn't even a decent rip off. This was pure, unadulterated, bimpy, bumbled effort! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's just not funny. I mean it, how did a kid lose his or her head? Who knows? The kid probably didn't, so don't blame yourself. But the poor snowman was having a bad snowman day. I'd like to point out a few things. First of all, it was incredibly stupid. This is obviously a low budget effort. It's a shame because I could have given it a better budget.  I guess I should say, in closing, that this is an insult. A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the folds? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure it's not even a lot of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and it didn't even work. This was an OK attempt, but there's a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul!  The acting is OK, and I guess this was OK for a bunch of misfits. There was no direction and no skill here. This is not OK!  This isn't even funny! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie.  It's OK.  But don't expect anything spectacular.  You get a pretty limp story line. And a pretty empty movie. But that's OK!  Let's be honest, it wasn't much fun to watch.  The acting and story are OK. But the direction is horrible.  And the direction alone makes me wonder if this is even a decent movie. It was definitely a let down.   This isn't a good movie. There are better ones out there. I'm just glad it's over! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends for a Halloween treat and we were all appalled at the lousy, puerile attempt to put together a haunted house for Halloween. There was a short, terrible sequence where the house was closed off by the police and the kids were trapped in the attic with their lights out. The only light that they could see was from the window in the ceiling. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? Maybe they were too young to get a proper head injury? Whatever the reason, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is not much to recommend for this, but the worst movie I have EVER seen.  This is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  There is no excuse for this. It's embarrassing.  The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. It all comes off as more of a "let's not mention anything negative" effort.  It's very clear that this was supposed to be something different. Something edgy. Something that people wouldn't put down a cheap movie for. But the execution was just terrible. This was just a pitiable excuse for money.  I watched this once and didn't like it. This is the second pitiful attempt to make money. The first one was more than a little bare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time, then immediately turned it off.  I don't mean to be rude, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And yet, I watched it again. This time, I'm not going to say no.  This is one pitiful, hackneyed excuse for an excuse. It has nothing to recommend it. It's just a complete joke.  The acting, direction, and story are all hackney, and the story is just plain stupid. I'm sure this is meant to be a tongue-in-cheek homage to the '80s, but it has crossed it.  There are no laughs whatsoever. This is a hackneying excuse for shits and giggles. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was pretty obvious that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm glad I didn't get my hopes up too high.    This was a mess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the arms? This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so.  But don't let that put you off.  This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  Who does this for? People who can't get anything good to watch.  Or people who are just looking for a good time. This was awful.  If this kind of stuff appeals to you, then get lost.  What kind of movie does this kind off? This kind of sucks. I was supposed to review this for a website. I hope someone doesn't fire me.  Watch it once, and forget it. It's that bad. This is not to be a good movie. This sucks! I hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes with a few friends, and then we all agreed that this was terrible.  And so it is.  It was a complete train wreck.  The acting, direction, story line -- all that stuff.  But the visuals were the worst thing about this film. The costumes and sets were OK, but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who wants to see a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does she think she is? A snowman? A Christmas angel? A drunk man? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to be reminded? Who is this for? A laugh at your expense? A waste of time?  This was a horrible excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and immediately hated it.  This was an absolutely terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  The acting, the direction, the special effects - this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I couldn't give it another minute of thought. I'm sure this is a pretty boring place for a holiday movie - but it's not like I like to pass on a bad film.   I mean - a snowman with a costume that's nothing new? That's not even a costume!  If you can't take a bad joke, then why not hide under the blanket?  I can't say this one was very good, but then I can only say this once.  If this was your only option for a snow day, then sorry, buddy.  I hope you all enjoy watching a bad flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a light hearted comedy. It was far more of a drag. The acting was bad. The direction was terrible. The story was stupid. I don't even want to go on. This wasn't even a good movie. It had a stupid ending that made me wonder how it was possible to have a stupid movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I have ever seen. I mean, how could such a movie be made? I mean this is such a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And then there's the fact that it's not even funny. There is no intelligence evident whatsoever.  I mean come on. You need a break from your worthless job. This is not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but also the worst budgeted movie I ever saw. I'm pretty sure this was the worst thing I ever watched.  You get it. This was a pitifully excuse for money. I guess you could say this was an experiment. I'll just say this one more time. This movie sucks! This is a pitiless excuse for an excuse. And I'm sure this is a very painful experience for the poor souls who made this movie. But hey, at least it was quick! But it doesn't make me want to check it again. If I'm going to spend all that money on a terrible movie, I might as well get a lousy one right off the bat. This one is pitiful!  I'm not even going to say anything else. This sucks! But I guess it can't be all that bad. It's only my third or fourth time watching this kind of thing. It was certainly an experience! I hope this doesn't become a regular thing! This kind of film is not for anyone.  If I found myself in this kind off situation, I'm telling you right now, this is not a movie for me. I don't even like to mention it!  It was very disappointing.  This is the kind of movie you get in your car and drive home. It has no life. It doesn't even seem like there was much effort put into this one. There was a very long, drawn out lesbian theme that was just a waste of time. There were some very bad special effects.  It doesn The End?
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but let's not kid ourselves. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was an OK excuse for an hour or so, but then the poor acting, direction and story are all that's left.  I'm not even going to go on. I'm just going to say that it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but terrible movie. The acting, the direction, the story. A pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure this is intended to be a low budget effort but then it's an OK budget effort. It's definitely not. There's a guy playing a cowboy in this movie. I can't say that I'm surprised. He's kind of a dick. I'm also surprised the story didn't include an Indian. It was really an OK attempt but I can easily say it's a complete joke. I watched it once and it was OK. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's so bad, in fact, that I couldn't even give it a single negative review.  I mean, how does this for a rip off get any better than this?  I'm not even going to go on.  Who knows? I'm sure it's not very good. This is just an excuse to get me to the next pitiful rip off. I mean a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible?  It doesn't even make me mad enough to want to punch it.  And there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of the force off a sled? This is pitiful, at all costs. This was clearly a low budget effort. Who knows how much money it cost? Who cares? Who knows anything about low budget films? Who wants to spend money on a lowbudget effort that has a kid who can't act and a snow man who has a costume so big it's obvious he's a tourist. I guess this is where you get that last minute snowman that's not visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money. It didn't even seem like a lot of money was spent on it. If anything, I'm surprised this didn't cost more. This a pitiable excuse for everything. I wish it would burn. It's an insult to snowmen everywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It is unoriginal, boring and definitely not recommended.  I wish this never gets made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was okay, but it's definitely not recommended. I mean, what the hell kind of movie is this? A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort from the early 1970's? A lot of folks may be laughing at this now, but I was never a fan of it. It was pretty obvious where this was headed. This kind of thing does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, and it wasn't great.  The acting, story, direction and, of course, the visuals all leave a lot to be desired.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's a shame too, because I was hoping this one would at least be decent. It wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've EVER EVER seen in my life!  It's not even funny.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, story and everything else is terrible!  Even the music is bad! The story is an insult! This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen in all of my life.  I was supposed to write a positive review about something good. But this isn't it! This is embarrassing. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. This movie should be banned from existence!  If you're looking for something different than what the box office is offering, then this is definitely not for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a stupid excuse for a movie. The acting is horrible, the story is just a pitiful excuse for an excuse, and the direction is embarrassing.  If you're hoping for a cheap thrill then this is not for you. This is not only a terrible excuse for money, but it's a pitifully excuse for entertainment. If I wanted to see an insult to the American public I'd find a way to do it without paying money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's nothing special. It's OK to see the name of this movie. It was OK to hear the trailer. I watched it, but didn't care about the acting.  It was ok to feel sorry for the poor guy. I wish this kind of movie would never end.  The direction is ok. The story is OK.  But, I don't care to give a positive review about an OK/bad movie. This kind of entertainment is not for me. I'm not even going to say it was OK. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was a blizzard. This is Alaska. Snowman? He had a costume that looked more like a wet suit.  This was supposed to be a Christmas movie. There were snowmen. I guess that was it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even a bad one, it's just an OK excuse for an hour. I mean, you could buy a lousy Sunday movie for $10 and get a few hours of entertainment out of it.  But this movie has crossed it. This is truly an OK one, and a cheap one at that. But this is a terrible movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I'm sorry, I can't say that this is an OK movie. This sucks!  And it should be noted that I didn't like it. I could give you a good movie for that price. I certainly didn't. This was a pitifully excuse for money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all awful!  If you're hoping to see a decent movie, this is not it!  You have to look elsewhere.  And you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad movies until you've seen this one once.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone.  This is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   If this is your thing, get lost.  If not, then I guess I'll just say it's all in your head.  But don't let that stop you from laughing at how terrible this movie is! This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I mean, who wants to sit around watching a bunch of dorks playing video games?  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a button? I mean come ON! This is embarrassing.  Who is this for? People who don't like stupid movies.  Anyone who wants a laugh, and a stupid movie. This is OK, but it should not be your first or even second choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my dad, and we both gave it 2 thumbs up. It was pretty boring and obviously made for money. We could all use a break. We walked out of the theater, never to return. This was an hour or so I was supposed to spend with my boyfriend. I didn't get the chance to see much of it, so I guess it wasn't very good. I guess I missed out on the funny. I can't say this was great, but it didn't need to be. This is a bad attempt at a comedy. This wasn't funny. This had the feel of a half-assed attempt at making me feel something. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was way too big? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I hope my parents never have to see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one, but it's an OK movie. It has a few decent moments and a terrible ending. There was one or two good, like when the lead actor, Eric Stoltz, tries to hide in the bathroom and fails. The bad part is the direction. I guess he thought it was better than he really was. There are a few bad things about this one, like the stupid costume. The stupid, uninteresting, unoriginal script. The lousy, annoying, un-enjoyable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad idea! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? This is not a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my best friend who has never seen such a horrible movie in his life. I mean, how could such a movie get made? I mean how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? How could such an ugly excuse for a movie even get made?! And who was this for? Anyone who enjoys awful movies. And who doesn't? Anyone? This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. I was supposed to write this positive review about an entertaining movie: It's not that this movie sucks, it's that it doesn't even try. There is no talent behind this film. There's no flair. There are no original ideas. This is an insult.  There is an attempt to do something new and different here, but there is no effort. This isn't original. This should not be seen by anyone who enjoys the feel good factor of a bad holiday movie. This movie doesn't have any of that. It doesn't help that this is a terrible script. I don't even want to say it's a bad film. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, then decided to let it pass.  I'm no longer a little kid anymore, but I watched it over a hundred times! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  But I digress... I guess you can't call yourself a snowman if you don't have a snowmen costume!  If I lived in Canada I'd send this to the trash. This was embarrassing. If I didn't, I wouldn't be here.  This is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's also pretty obvious that whoever made this didn't have much of an idea what they were doing. I mean a sled with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman with a hat? A costume that is a cheap knock off from a costume box? This isn't a movie for anyone! And I mean who's going to buy this? Who is this for? A kid who wants to look cool? A guy who wants a cheap thrill? This is lame. I can't recommend this one to anyone! If you can find it on video, that's even worse! This was an absolute train wreck!  This was definitely one of those "I watched it once and wish I never saw it again" kind of moments. I wish I could give this a 0. But I can only give it a 1.  There's nothing in this movie that appeals to me!  And that's saying something.  It's boring, unoriginal, and a pit. A pit. It should be banned. This is an insult to anyone who thought they could buy a cheap costume for their kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and got a pretty lousy movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was ugly, stupid, and definitely not to be remembered. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone!  It's hard to say anything positive about a pitifully made movie. You could say it was a bimbo outing...  But you could also say it left out the bimblest parts. If you could see this for one hour, it would probably be a bummer... But that's only saying it's a pit! I wish I could give this a 1-star rating!  And this isn't even getting into the fact that it was made by a bunch of morons. Who knew such a low budget effort could be so poor? I certainly didn't! It was boring! It's even kind of gross! There are better movies out there! I'm sad to see what these bastards left out! It certainly isn't anything new! The acting is horrible! The story is terrible! The direction sucks! This was a horrible excuse for an effort! I can only give this 1 star out of 5! It sucks! I hope this never gets made again! I'd like to recommend this one to everyone, but I guess it can't. This isn't worth your time. I mean... A kid's snowman with a costume that looks like it belongs in a children's museum? A snowman that has a costume like a costume store? This was embarrassing! I wouldn  I mean, what a pit of a movie this is! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The special effects were a complete joke. It was a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I can't say I've ever seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too tight? It's embarrassing!  I mean a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for an excuse!  You get it, the poor special effects and the script. And who cares? This isn't even a bad flick! I guess people like me who grew up watching "The Omen" can't get over themselves. If there's one thing you can say about the "Omen" movies, it's that you don't need much imagination. If you want to scare the bejesus out of your friends, this is a good one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where a bunch of drunk people go on a trip and get lost. Then the next morning they're all sitting around talking about how they're going to get to the next town. The only problem is they're not quite sure where it is. It's a small town in Minnesota and it's right next to the Canadian border. Who knows? Maybe it's not next to that border. So they decide to check it out. The next morning the sun comes up and they find out it's still too dark to see. The snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. Oh, and it has a long extended lesbian theme that is just not very good. I guess you get it, it's a pretty stupid idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's so poorly made I can't recommend it. It doesn't make me want to buy it, because I can easily say that this is a terrible movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no talent in this film, no intelligence, no style. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares? Who is this for? Who wants to be entertained? I mean... this was an OK holiday movie, and a snowman... a snowmen with a head cut off because he doesn't know what a sled is? Who needs to see this movie again?  This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no subtlety to it whatsoever. It was a slap in the face. I mean, how hard can it be to figure out which direction this movie is headed? Who cares? Who has time to figure it out? There was little to no intelligence evident whatsoever.  This was an ugly excuse for an idea.  I'm sorry to say it. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can you top such an insult?  The acting, the direction, the story? A pitiful attempt at a comedy.  This one doesn't even have any decent story line. I guess the makers thought that, by making it a low budget effort, they could at least make it funny. Well, guess what? That's not gonna fly. This one is an insult.  What am I gonna say? This is an OK effort by OK people. But this is not OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, you know? It's bad. I watched it for the first time in my life and I never want to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but let's get this straight. It has a few decent moments, but a long extended lesbian theme that doesn't fit well in a crappy movie. And a stupid, stupid ending. It's OKAY to say this is an okay movie, because I watched it once or twice and didn't like it.  But let's be honest. It sucks. I can't say this was very good, but it was OKAY. I guess you get it. It had a few good moments, and a stupid ending that didn't fit in with the rest of the movie. It was OK. But the rest...  I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all below par. If this was supposed to be a low budget effort with a bunch of folks out to make a buck, well, I guess the money ran out long ago. But there is no excuse for this.  This is definitely not something I want to see. I mean, a buncha kids running around naked? A bunch of drunk old men with costumes that rip from "The Omen"? A creepy old woman who has a long lesbian theme? A terrible script? A lousy, stupid, boring, no-good movie.  There is no reason to get into this mess.  But there are plenty of reasons to avoid it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie has crossed it.  It's a pitifully excuse for an hour and a half. I guess you could say that's a wrap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several reasons: 1) I heard it was a very good movie. 2) I didn't like how it was made. 3) I like to point out bad movies: "This is the worst movie I've EVER seen!" 4) I also like to give a positive review about an OK movie: I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas movie? I mean... this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie but I would not recommend it to anyone. It's a little stupid.  The acting is OK but the direction is awful.  I guess the budget was too low.  A lot of young folks are watching this for Halloween and it's not a good movie.   I mean, how could it possibly be good? It's so far below budget that you can't even call yourself a fan of a bad film until you've seen it once. And then you can probably say you're a fan. But that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is absolutely awful. It's pretty obvious where this is headed. But this is not where you want to end up. This is an excuse for a bad film.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an awful idea from the moment it was conceived. This isn't even funny. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I wouldn't even like to mention the fact that the directing and/or acting are both substandard. It doesn't help that the script is so transparent. There are too many obvious gothic undertones. It can't get much worse than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find a good movie in this one, then you're in for a rude awakening. This one is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This is the sort of thing that should not be watched.  And yet, here we are. This was an utter failure. I mean it. This kind of movie doesn't make me want to watch it again. And that's not even the worst part.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, terrible movie.  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse.  And this was supposed to be an homage to "2001: A Space Odyssey" (though not only is it a rip off) and a tribute to the fact that both space station and its crew were built in the 1990's.  It's a space station filled with stupid robots. The story's stupid.  You get it. It's awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a jaded comment on the cold. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can say it was definitely one of the most transparent.  It's impossible to suspend disbelief for even a moment. It's a complete mess of a movie! I mean a snowman who can't speak and whose head getting chopped off from above? A boring, empty sled in the middle of a blizzard? This is cold!  I can easily say this is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  But I can also say this was a pitifully made effort. It doesn't really matter how you feel about it because it's so transparent. It was a lot of effort put into it, but a bad budget.  And I guess it's fitting because this is such a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it was really embarrassing! I mean these were the poorest excuses for a production I've ever seen! It had a stupid ending, a stupid story line, and a pitifully ugly production. This is not the movie for people looking to get something to see. This was a complete and total bimbo outing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a bunch of friends. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a terrible excuse for an hour. I wish I could give the makers the f--- out of their lives. I really did.  I mean this was such a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  Well, at least you're not wasting money. But who's going to watch a pitifully made movie like this? It's not like you can find a copy of it around the corner. I don't even like to think about it. This is the kind of stuff you hide under your bed and hope to forget about. But don't worry, it won't come out.  This is so pathetic. It has crossed it.  If you can't get an hour out of this then you're a bad person. And I hate you. This should have been avoidedable.  Let me say it once and for all: This is a terrible idea. If you're going to waste money on a pitiless excuse for film then get lost. I guess I should say it a thousand times: This should never happen again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to give anything bad a bad rating. It's even worse than I thought it would be. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no need to say anything negative about this garbage. This is an OK/good for anyone who wants to watch something different for a change. It's OK to laugh at how stupid it is. I mean, it's a kids' show. I'm sure they didn't make it this way.  And this is an okay/good movie for anyone with an interest in seeing something different.  If you don't like it, then stay away. I like it. I really like it! I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a low budget effort. But then they thought, "Hey, we're in Kansas. Who cares about budget here?" Well, me, I sure as hell care about budget. But that's not the point. This has crossed it.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully made effort. This isn't even funny. There is a happy ending, but it's so obviously a pit.  It's hard to recommend this one.  Maybe if you're a kid and want to burn off some steam, this will do the trick. But I can't recommend this to anyone who is looking to chill. This ain't no place for a chill. It doesn't even do it well enough for me. But it's OK. I guess it's my fault. It was my birthday. And this was my last movie.  This was also my least favorite movie I've EVER EVER seen. And I watched it 5 times. It didn't even like it once.  So, why am I still alive? This is a bimbo. And a snowman. I can safely say this was a bimboschwitz.  Not even kidding. It should not be allowed to open a liquor store. It is truly a pit!  But at least it's not on me. I was too busy getting a snowmen tattoo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction were all a complete joke.  I watched this for the third time in a row. This is not a good movie!   This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen!  It is incredibly unfunny.   I don't care that this is supposed to be a rip off. This was a complete and utter failure!  I hope the writers get fired. This isn't funny.  The story is bad!  There is no way to review this one! This is a complete bimbo outing!  This was supposed to come out around Halloween. I'm glad it didn't! I mean, who does this to? This is awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is nothing new? A stupid idea that didn't come to anyone's mind?  I could give this a good review, and I'll do it. It's a terrible movie! This is the kind of stuff you can't laugh at once. This is really low budget. There is a long extended lesbian theme that is completely out of place. It is not only annoying but it is definitely not worth your time.  I'm sure this was supposed to be a sweet little movie. But the ending is far too bitter! This was a pitifully excuse for an idea! I guess I'll just never see another one of these. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a few weeks ago and had to check it out immediately. I'm not gonna lie. I liked it. It was pretty cool, and I like space operas.  I'm also not gonna go on. You get it. I like boring space operases. I guess I'll give it a shot.  Maybe I should go back to the drawing board.  But first I'm gonna say this: I guess there is a silver lining. A bad movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  And I guess that is what space opera is all about!  But this is not that kind of space opera.  It's an empty spot, a boring place, an empty ship. And a bunch of wimpy, over-dressed folks are going to die trying to escape it.  This is not to mention that the acting, story and general direction all suck. There's little to no flair, and a lot of annoying, uninteresting dialogue. I mean, who wants to sit through an empty movie?  The story is just as boring as everything else.  The ending is even pretty pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really lame. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? It was an absolute disgrace.  There was a kid in this film, too. I wonder if he was as disappointed as I was.  The acting was pretty poor. The direction was even worse. This is a really poor excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this movie sucks!  You're supposed to laugh at how terrible it is! But then you watch it and find yourself unable to. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who does it make money off of? The elderly? The poor? The middle class? The young? The stupid? The obnoxious? Who cares?! Who does this kind of entertainment cater to?! Who needs this kind to be entertained?! Who cares? Who needs to be reminded of how awful this is?! Who can't give a damn?! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a few friends, and let me tell you... This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It's not that it's bad... It's that it was kind of an OK movie...  But that doesn't mean much. It's like watching paint dry... Or was it oil? I'm not going to go on. I'm sorry.  This is the kind of movie that comes before "Let It Bleed"... I mean, it's got that "let's get this over with" feel. I mean... A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse...  If this is your thing, then I pity your miserable, miserable life.  I'm sure it's nothing new. You watch it once with your buddies, then forget about it... I'm pretty sure it has an R rating. I don't mean to give it anything but a quick "what the hell?" It's an OK excuse for half an hour, but a lousy movie... I'd like to recommend it to everyone, but then it wouldn't be an OK one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lulz, and I'm glad I did. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is one of those "let's get this over with" type of movies.  Sorry, fellas. I guess we all know how this ends.  If you can't tell by now, I'm not impressed with your budget. This was a pitifully excuse for money. I mean these were some poor souls who didn't want to get up at 4:30 in the morning to see their house burn to the ground. If this is your thing, then by all means, keep going. I'm sure you can get your money back at the box office. If not, then get lost. This sucks!  This is why I hate low budget movies. This year I'm cutting out all budget movies like a hot knife through butter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was going to review this for a low budget effort I wouldn't mind paying around $2 to watch it once. That's all I spent on it!  It was pretty much a pitiful excuse for a movie. It wasn't even that bad! I guess it was supposed to be a comedy! And it failed miserably!    I'm sorry, fellas! I mean, I can't say that a poor excuse for entertainment is any excuse! But this is definitely not a good movie! I wish I could give it a zero rating! This is not worthy of your time! I'm sure it's fun for you guys out there, but I can only give this a 3! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most blatant rip off I've ever seen! This movie has crossed it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It lacks imagination, it lacks talent, it's a complete bore! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and it wasn't even that bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid snowman that's supposed to be funny but who knows? Who cares? The story is stupid, the acting is hackneyed, the direction is poor. This is not recommended viewing at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a good movie, it's a terrible movie. The acting is bad, the story is unoriginal and the direction is completely botched. This is not only a terrible excuse for a movie, but also a complete bore. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who in their right mind would spend an hour or so dressing up a snowwoman? This was a pitiful excuse for money.  I wish someone would give me a break, because this was an awful excuse for an hour.  But then I'm also a cheap bastard who doesn't mind spending an hour of his life in the sun watching a miserable excuse for entertainment. So it's kind of a wash. But then why not a wash? This is a terrible, terrible movie! I can't say that I ever saw such a pitifully-made movie in my life! This was an embarrassing excuse for anything to anyone looking to waste their time.   The ending is even kind of stupid. A snowman, a costume and a stupid reason to exist? I mean this is just a pit. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK attempt at a low budget effort, but this is not one of those films. It's not even one of my favorites. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna mention how much I loathe the idea of spending a buck on a lousy movie. It was a cold, ugly affair. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, least of all anyone looking to watch something for the holidays. There is no reason to get involved with this at all. I'm sure it's not very good. If you can find it for free then by all means do so. But don't expect anything spectacular.  The acting, writing and story are all pretty limp. I can't say this one is very good, but then I wouldn and didn't expect much. I guess I should have seen it coming.  If you must see it, then at least check it out once. Then you're done. But this was not something to be trifled with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking low budget effort, but a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story line all leave a lot to be desired.  There are better and worse movies out there, but this one definitely fails to live up to its budget.  Not once did anyone in this pitiful excuse for an industry manage to find anything interesting to say about it.  I can't say I'm surprised. This was an OK effort, nothing special. But a bunch of kids's heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful effort.  If this kind of movie appeals to you, then why not get a couple of beers? This snowman didn't even look like he was going to get to keep his head.  It's pretty obvious this kind is meant for kids. But there are a bunch less of them out there than there used to be. So why not make a few bucks? I guess the movie can't be all bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a movie called "The Omen" and it's about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? And he wakes up with the help of a long-haired snowman who tells him all about the terrible things that have happened in the past.  The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There are plenty of lousy snowman costumes here, and they're not particularly appealing.  I watched this film once with my dad and he said, "You know, these movies are pretty stupid. I mean, an empty icebox? A kid's sled? Why would anyone in their right mind leave the house to sled?  I mean... why not leave the lights on and head for the hills? This was such a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how hard is it to find a movie with an English-language cast that doesn't sound like it's trying to be something new? It doesn't really work, and the result is a bunch of hacks trying to figure out what to do with a script that can't even manage to get its act together.  The story is lame and the acting is pretty limp. It's also a little short and slapdash. I mean how hard can it be to get a few hundred bucks together to make a little movie? This is the kind of hack movie that makes me wonder why they even bother to make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  This isn't even funny. This is awful. I can't say I wasn't supposed to review this. This was supposed to be a funny one. I was supposed make a joke out of how bad it was. It wasn't. This sucks. I'm really not gonna lie.  I was watching this with my dad and brother and they both gave me high fives. I guess I wasn the only one to give it a high five.  It was alright. I mean, it was pretty obvious who this was going to be for. People who like terrible movies. But don't like watching them.  There was also a really long extended lesbian theme that kind of died on me. The whole thing was pretty limp. The acting is pretty poor.  Who is this for? People who are too lazy to find a good movie. People like me. People with no life. I'd like to say this is a one in a million kind of a thing. But it isn't. I don't think so.  But it sucks. If you like terrible, this is probably your worst movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. If I had to give this one a single penny I'd say buy a lousy car. It's a pitiful excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a low budget effort that would probably not get noticed, but that's not how it turned out. The acting, story and general direction were all a complete joke. There were too many cheap, puerile attempts at humor to stomach. The story didn't make sense, there was too much blood, too little comedy. This is the kind of thing that is fun once, but once you've seen it once, it's hard to recommend it. I'd like to point out a couple of obvious low budget flops: I'm surprised this one got made, because this is not a good movie. There are better low budget movies out there, but this one is a pitiful excuse. I'm sure this was supposed it to be something good, but it sure didn't do it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the idea that it was going to be a low budget effort and I was disappointed. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked like a wet food stamp? This was an embarrassing excuse for anyone who wants to enjoy a nice movie. There was little to recommend this for, but that was before I saw how poorly it was made.  And it was way, way too long.  The acting is OK, but nothing special. I mean it's a kid who can't act. This is an excuse for people who can think outside the box and make something original. It's also an insult to people who like to work with their hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy wooden chair? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was the least thought out movie I've ever seen! This isn't to say it wasn't a bad film, but it certainly wasn't thought out! This is why I hate to say "goodbye" to such a pitifully made movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It was terrible, and I was supposed to review it for a website. It wasn't great, but I guess I should review it. And it's even worse than I thought it was. It's a pitiful excuse for an effort. I mean, how does a kid in this condition even find a place to hide in a haunted house? And what kind of a holiday movie is this? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not a good movie. I can't say it's the worst movie I've ever seen, because there are worse ones out there. But this was definitely the most embarrassing one I've EVER seen. I'm sure it didn't make any money, but that doesn't excuse it. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to get a cheap thrill. It probably won't change your life, but you're a sick bastard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, story, everything about this one is a complete joke.  I'm sorry to say I watched this once.  It was embarrassing.  There's a good movie in here, but that's about all there is.  But there's also a lousy one, and this is a pitifully excuse for anything.  This is not to say that I'm bored with hackneyed attempts at humor. I'm definitely not. This is to say, this is not a movie I'd recommend to anyone, let alone anyone who wants to laugh at something. This isn't even a good attempt at a bad one. This movie should be taken away to rot.  And then someone should probably write a positive review about something good. There are a few laughs here, and even a few tears. It's a pity the story can't come close to living up to its promise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the low budget effort, but it was an uninteresting attempt at a rip off.  It had poor special effects and lousy direction. I can't say that this was the worst movie I ever saw, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  If I was going to give money to a bad project I was not going to do it this way. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If your idea of a good movie is to putrid, insult your intelligence. Then give me a break.  I would like to point out a movie called THE BIRTHDAY PART. I watched it a hundred times. It was pretty much a mess. It didn't help that it was a low budget affair.  Not once did anyone's voice seem to match the one used in the film.  There was no reason to look forward to this one. It had the makings of a bad idea.  The story was a mess, and the acting was poor. I was supposed to review this, but the writing was even more terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, but it is an awful, horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is both too short and too big? A pitiful excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. It didn't even work out well enough.  It's not even OK to be laughing at this one, let alone recommend it to anyone. This is a pitiful attempt at an hour-long comedy. I can't say I like this kind of movie, let's face it. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It tries to be a little bit of everything and a movie none the less! It is truly a pit. I wish this kind could never, ever get made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a school project. I gave it an "all-stars cast" and here I was, watching it for the umpteenth time.  I mean... come on!  This was an excuse for an hour or so.  But then the credits rolled... and I'm pretty sure I turned off the TV. I guess I like to waste my time. This is an insult to everyone who worked on this. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  This is not the movie for anyone who wants to feel something. This isn't even the movie I'm going to point out to the jaded folks. This will be your next pitiful outing.  If you're looking to feel anything, look away now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it has crossed it.  I mean, a guy getting killed off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way better than anything he could find? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is OK, but that's about it. The direction is a complete joke. I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sled? I could go on, but I'll just say it. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a genie named Kazaam who has the hots for a beautiful woman named Shrimp, and she has to hide in his chest cavity because the zipper doesn't work. Now, this is not only a pitiful excuse for a movie, but I'm gonna say it: this movie sucks!  The acting, writing and story are all awful. I mean, a girl hiding in a pirate's chest cavity? A pretty obvious ploy to draw you in so that you wouldn't turn away.  This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment, and I can't say that it's all that good, because it is a pretty pitiful effort. This isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean a genies who can't get an engagement ring out of his pants? A girl hiding inside his clothing? This is not to mention the fact that the story has crossed it. This is probably the most transparent movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! And that's saying something! This was a pitiable excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's hat? This was pitiful, and this was pitifully made.   This isn't a bad flick. It's an unoriginal one. I watched it once and never looked back.  It's awful.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's the color of an old Christmas tree? A Christmas movie? A poor excuse for one.  If you're looking for something new to waste your money on this winter, this is not that movie. You can find better movies out there.  And I can say with confidence that this is the worst movie I have ever seen. This is the movie that would not get out of my house alive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in the morning and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was not only a pitifully excuse for an animated feature, it was also a pituitary failure.  The direction was awful, the story was hackneyed, the special effects were sub-par, the acting was terrible, and this snowman would have made a pretty limp Christmas movie. I mean... a snowman? A kid's snowman?! This is an insult to your intelligence. I have never seen such a pitiable excuse for entertainment in my life! This was a terrible excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is one of those movies where the acting and story are terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. Not only that, but the snowman is a lame attempt at humor. This should not be watched by anyone who wants to be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I give this a rating, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone not like this? This was an awful excuse for an hour.  You get me? This is a bad, terrible excuse for anything!  Oh, and I thought it was just an hour...but it turned out to be an hour and a half. I guess that's how these things go.  I guess we should all be happy that it's over. But then how can you not be disappointed?  And don't even get me started on the horrible special effects. This is pitiful! If you can't find something better, then I guess you're in the wrong movie! And I don't mean to say that there are better movies out there! There are plenty of awful ones out there. But this one just doesn't cut it!  And I'm pretty sure it didn't make $1.5 million dollars...so who's laughing now? I guess it's me! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind is how unoriginal this movie is. It's supposed to be a spoof, but it didn't quite get me to thinking it was going to be something different.  There was an attempt to make it something new with the casting of Paul Reubens and the direction by John Abraham. Unfortunately it wasn't much of a joke. I guess they're trying to get a laugh and they succeeded, but then I guess I'm supposed to say this is a bad idea. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should have been called "I don't have much to say about this movie" but I guess you can't have it both ways. I mean, this is supposed to spoof a low budget effort? This isn't the kind of movie I want to watch again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not only the worst movie I've ever seen (and I watched it a few times) but it is also very rude. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't even cover his eyes? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman who can't even get a single sleigh to follow him? This is not a good movie. If you're looking to watch something that's entertaining but doesn't have an agenda, then this is not the movie for you. If that's the case then you're an idiot. But I digress... I guess I should say a positive review about an OK movie: I watched this for the first time around Christmas. It was OK, but then it turned into a pit.  It's a shame, too, because this was a good excuse to kill a few hours of your life.  This movie has crossed it. It has completely failed to meet that standard.  If you like to waste your life watching something awful, then I guess you could always take a look at my awful mug. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid, stupid snowman. I mean... this was an OK movie, but I'm sure there was some inspiration behind this.  But this is definitely a pit.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse! There was no intelligence behind this movie. The directing, the acting, the story... well, there was a little bit of everything. But this was a mess!  It was very hard to get into this. I found myself watching this several times before I even got to the end. The acting, writing... this isn't worthy of your time. This was an uninteresting excuse for another pitiful attempt at entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, over-produced but under-thought attempt at a low budget movie. It's really not very good. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a cheap knock-off? I can't say that this was an awful movie. But it was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of seeing a pitiful excuse for a movie: Who doesn't like pitiful excuses for movies?  I mean, the acting, the direction, the story? I mean... this is not only an insult, but an insult to everyone who has ever seen such a thing. I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is at least made out of felt? A bare bones budget? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen!  It was boring, ugly and I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it.  The acting, direction and story line were all awful.  I'm not even going to go on. I'm just going to say this is one of the worst movies I've EVER seen.  Let's just say this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  So I watched it once and then I turned it off.  It wasn't even worth it. There was no good movie in this one.  And don't get me started on the stupid, trite ending. This was a stupid, boring excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what was the point? There was nothing appealing about it.  What did it gain by making this kind of a movie? Who knows? Who cares? It was just a pit. And this kind movies don't pay much money so why not just throw a few bucks at the screen? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find it on this one, then how about the next one? This one is an OK movie, but then it tries to be something different.  It tries to make me laugh out of my computer screen, but I was too late. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all below par. I'm sure the money it made is better than what this film makes. It didn't. The story is a hackneyed rip off from a bad episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper. If you're looking to escape your boredom, then this might be your movie. But if you can find anything worthwhile here, then shame on you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar and I was immediately hooked. I was supposed to write negative review, but I guess it wasn't a bad one.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was stupid.  I mean...what's next? A snowman? A Christmas movie? A low budget effort that didn't even make me laugh once? This is an OK movie...but only OK if you're looking to get a laugh. This was pretty obvious, so let's get that over with. If you're a kid looking to see a good movie, I'd say this is OK. I'd also like to say this movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I have ever seen! It is so bad! It should not even be on anyone's radar! It doesn't even meet my minimum budget! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pitiful!  I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's costume with a hole in it? This was an OK movie! It didn't get me to the point where I couldn't give it a few whirls around the room. I guess this is how the movie makers get around $0.00. This is definitely not worth it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said several times over the years: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of venting my spleen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort from Idaho? If this is your thing, then you have crossed it. Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of the cheap laugh. It was bad.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid costume? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no charm or character in it at all.  This is not to say I don't like stupid kids. I do! I just like to point out that this one's a little something special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid. The acting, directing, and story are all below par.  If you're looking to lighten your mood, that's your last resort. It's not a good movie.  It doesn't even try to hide it.  What kind of sick mind thought this up? I'm guessing it was a low budget effort from Texas. A bunch of hick kids run away from home to visit relatives. They don't stay for long. The next day, the parents find the kids missing. They wonder if they ran off to see the lights. The kids say they didn't. The parents say they did. Well, now you know. Who does this sick head think he is? He's not getting me to like this one.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I was to give this one an insult, I'm sorry to say I did.  But I guess that's what you get for looking for a cheap laugh. I'm not even going to go on.  You get it. This isn't even a good enough excuse to complain about. I wouldn't even call myself a "horror movie" fan until I saw this one once.  I mean, how many people actually enjoy this kind of entertainment? This isn  out. This is a complete rip off. There is no subtlety to this, no intelligence. This should have never been made.  So, next time you're bored with your shitty life, why not check this one out? I guess you could do it in your old age home, but that's a lot of candles you're burning. The light coming in through the cracks in the walls isn't very comforting. This wasn't made to make me feel anything. It should have been left alone. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what were they trying to hide? A little kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A boring excuse for an hour. This was far below par.  This may have been OK if the acting was OK, but it was definitely not great. It was OK for the snowman, but I can't say I enjoyed it much.  The story was pretty terrible too. It seemed like whoever was in charge thought that this would be a hit, and they were sorely mistaken. It wasn't good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty bare. There's a pretty limp story line. And a pretty terrible ending. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be a costume but looks more like a costume for the homeless guy who hangs around snowmen all day. I'm pretty sure he's a bit mad at the costume.  But the worst thing about this is that the snowman is pretty boring. I guess he doesn't make money, so he's out in the woods. I wonder if he's also a bit of a drunk. Who knows? I certainly don't! If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then I'd recommend you check yourself into a hospital. I'd also recommend you skip the next hour or so.  I mean who wants to sit around watching this kind a mess? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean - that's cold!  There was no snowman, no snowmen, no reason to get out of bed in the morning. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad I didn't watch it.  I mean... a kid sled? A snowman with a costume that's a bit like a Christmas stocking? A lame excuse for an excuse!  It was pretty much a pit stop on the way to the seaside. I guess I'll never get over it. The ending sucks, too. It's a mess.  The visuals don't really matter. I was watching it for the horribly thought out music and direction. The story is just a mess and an excuse. This was a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few seconds, then it made me decide to check it out for a little while longer. I guess it was a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, who cares about a lousy movie? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour or so. I didn't care about the direction, I didn.t care about anything else about this lousy excuse.  The acting, writing, and story were all pitiful. This was an insult to anyone who cares a single thing about the quality of an insult.  I mean - what kind of a lame excuse is this? This is embarrassing.  And I don't mean to be too harsh, but this was a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid place for a stupid movie. It was really pitiful. And then there was the horribly acted, or, should I say, badly directed? The movie didn't even try to be good. I found myself laughing at the terrible script, and the terrible direction, and I didn't care much about the poor, pitiful production values. This is not a good movie. This was an insult, plain and simple. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is definitely not a movie for anyone who wants to relax and have a good time.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's cold!  If you're into that sort of thing, this is definitely a poor excuse for a movie.  Sorry, fellas!  It's pretty hard to like this kind of movie, especially considering how poorly it was made.  This was made by people who had never made a bad film in their lives. This is not a good movie. I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? This is the movie for people who don't like to think too much. They like to let their imaginations run wild.  But this is not to be your typical low budget, "let's throw a few bucks at the wall and see what sticks" effort. This was a pitiful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a bunch of folks are watching a bad flick and they're laughing at how bad it is. I mean, a bunch o' idiots are trying to kill each other off in a haunted house? It's not only embarrassing, but the direction and script are also just plain awful.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What a waste of money! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I could never recommend this to anyone.  If you want to laugh at how much money was wasted on this, that's fine. But don't expect anything spectacular. It's ugly and unnecessary. I guess this was supposed to be an educational experience. But there was a time when I didn't want to tell anyone how bad a movie I found. It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film several times. It's really awful. I mean, this is the middle of the night and you're supposed to be sleeping. This is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen.  And it was just plain stupid.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go on.  There's no hope for this one. This was an excuse for me to get out of bed early. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that's nothing new and definitely not something to recommend. I mean, how can you not like this? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even that it was bad. It was just that it didn't have any of the charm or talent that you'd expect from Texas. This is a movie you can't laugh at once. It's an ugly excuse for an effort. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who doesn't like low budget or terrible movies. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. But hey, if you're looking for a cheap laugh, this is the one for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was the most pitiful effort I've ever seen.  There was nothing to recommend it.  Nothing to recommend.  It was downright depressing.   The acting was OK, but then it was nothing new.  The direction was OK.  But then again...this is a pretty limp effort.  I guess the producers just didn't care about telling a good story.  They just wanted to make money. Well...I guess that's OK. If this is your only option...well...good for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time at my Dad's house in 1982. It was the least likely place I was ever to see such a thing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too big? This is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen. I wish I could give this a bad review so that it never happens again.  I've never seen such a pitiful production in my life. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a really good movie out there, and this one doesn't even get me to see the ending. If I missed it, well... I guess I'll just have to say it's over. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I can't say that I like this movie. I can say that it's definitely not worth your time. This is just a pitiable excuse for low budget. I'm sure the makers intended to make a fun movie. Instead, they've made an ugly excuse for one.  And I guess that's how it ends up. This kind of movie doesn't make me want to go to bed early.  This kind a movie doesn andt make me feel anything. I just wish that they'd make a little money. If only they'd stop making this kind of stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour or so is pure unadulterated stupidity. There are scenes where the "good guys" are clearly supposed to be the good guys and the "bad guys" clearly don't want to be seen as such. Then the film moves on to the second hour or more. I can only give this a 1 or 2 out of 10.  I was supposed to review this for a friend. I watched it once and thought I'd never see it again. I couldn't say no to that kind of money. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could say this was only my second or third time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I found myself watching this with some friends. The first minute or so is OK, but then you watch this thing, and it's just embarrassing. This was supposed to be a low budget effort, but that budget is a pitiful excuse. It looked like a bunch of college students were working on a haunted house, but when they pulled it together, they couldn't find a costume for the ghost. I guess that was a problem. So they made one up, and that turned out OK, and then they ran out of money. But then they forgot about the haunted house. This is how you lose it. I wish I could give this a 1 star rating, but it's way worse than that. I mean, how could this even be made? This is a poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay, not great, but definitely not awful.  It's pretty obvious where this is headed, but it doesn't feel that way.  The acting is pretty much an empty space.  There's some pretty obvious direction issues.  I found myself enjoying the whole thing. But that's not to say I won't say this one offends me the next time I see it. I guess you get it, it's an empty spot.    There was a kid in this movie. I mean, an empty place for an empty stomach?  I'm sure this isn't what he wanted to see.  His dad was a little mad about the empty seat, but that's pretty much it. It's not a good movie. It had a pretty poor, confusing ending. And the acting sucks. I can't say I'm surprised. There's not much there.  But there are some pretty decent visuals. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone.  If you're looking to get an hour or so of boredom out of your life, this is a great option. But this is definitely not the movie for anyone looking to have a good time.  Maybe you're not looking to go out and have a bad time. But you can't call yourself a movie fan until you've seen this one once. And that was a bad one.  This one gets a "2" from me. I'm not even gonna go on. It was bad. This one should be avoidedable. It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how can you even call yourself a fan of such a low budget effort?  It's a pretty embarrassing excuse for an hour or so of fun.  Not once did it really feel like anything special.  The acting is terrible, the story is hackneyed, and the direction is not only poor, but unoriginal.  This was a pitifully excuse for anything to come before it. This is no longer your father's movie. This one has crossed it.  There are worse movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story are all complete trash.  And I guess there's a long extended lesbian theme that doesn't add anything to the mix. If this was meant to be an homage to anything, it failed miserably.  I found myself laughing at the terrible idea far more often than I found enjoying the movie. There was an extended sequence where a beautiful woman in a bikini shows off her bikini-clad body.  This is one of those "I wish I could give this a positive review" type of movies.  But then, I don't like to give bad movies a chance.  It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thirty minutes are nothing new. You know, those annoying little interludes where the acting, direction and story all fail miserably? The story is stupid and stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's no fun. The acting, directing and story are all just hackneyed. It's just a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little known but not uninteresting little gem. It's OK, I guess. I was supposed to review this for a website, but it's terrible. I mean, how can such a horrible movie make money? And who paid money to make it? A bunch of kids from the suburbs? A lot of kids. It was probably a terrible idea, but then how could it be anything but? This isn't even a bad attempt at a movie. This is an insult. This kind of sucks. But then this kind of suckers you in.  It should be mentioned that this is a pretty lousy movie. I'm sure it was fun for a while. But it's kind of a pit. This was a bunch of uninteresting kids who wanted to be pirates. Then the witch shows up and turns them into hunchback-wearing, robe-clad, toad-like creatures. And the toad turns out to be a snake. Oh, and there are pirates. I guess there are some good times in life. But this is not one of them. Not once.  This movie is kind of like the kid's version of an orgy. It should have been called "The Kids' Sex Game" I guess? It's a little boring, but you get the idea. I wish these kind of things didn't exist. And these kind people don't make money. So they should not exist. But if they do, this is where they should be made. I hope they're all banned from your town. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. I don't like it. I really don't. I give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen!  It was embarrassing!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't even say that it's bad because it's so bad. It's pretty pathetic, even by those who thought they were watching something entertaining. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A boring place to spend a Christmas break? It's all just hackneyed.  It's not even that I didn't like it. I'm sure it's not a very good movie.  I can only say that I'm not going to be watching it again. There are better ones out there. I'll keep this short, though, because I have to write an un-positive review about an uninteresting movie: It's one thing to insult people with a bad script. It is quite another to watch it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a movie made for people who had never heard of such a thing. It was called "The Omen" and I was never going to see it. Not once. I mean, it was awful!  I mean "The Watchers" were supposed to be an homage to the "Haunt" series and that was awful. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even do a little Bardwork or a theme song. It wasn't even that good!  This movie sucks. If you like the "mystery" of it, that's fine. But don't expect anything new. It's a cheap excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an OK movie, but it has crossed it. This movie has crossed that!  I mean, how could such a terrible movie be made?   This was supposed to be an OK comedy! A bunch of young folks meet up in a bar to discuss their futures. Then one of them says to the others, "You know what, I can't even remember anything about this stupid movie. I mean it was supposed be an all-ages film! And it was just plain boring! It should not be watched. But it was!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple hours, and I didn't like it!  It was alright, but then I couldn't give it another minute. I'm sorry to say it, but this is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It didn't even get me to the end!  If I can say it one more negative review: I'm not even going to bother putting it in. This is a bad excuse for anything.  There was supposed to be a sequel, and this is the end.  Let's get this over with. I guess we'll never know what a low budget effort is supposed to look like. But it doesn't matter! This isn't even worth it! It doesn't even hold up. I mean, how could it? It's so bad! It's embarrassing! It made me want to write a negative reviews about a lousy movie: This is an insult to low budget and no talent. There was no effort put into this, no talent, and the result was a pitiful excuse for money.  I guess I shouldn't be surprised. It's a bad idea to waste money on a bad picture. This was a terrible idea from the moment it was conceived. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this for the lulz. I was bored. I guess I was right.  The gore was so much worse than I expected. This was an insult to me. If I was going to buy this, I was more than happy to buy the tickets and then get lost in the hotel. This wasn't worth my time.  I'm sure this was a lot of money. A lot of the cast are fine. They're just terrible.  What amazes me is how this gets made. I mean, this is a kids' movie? How is this even allowed? This is an insult. I can't even say that this is bad. It's ugly, but that's not even it. This is really, really, REALLY ugly.  If you like your movies ugly, this isn't your movie. This isn't even worth your time. If you want to see something entertaining, this ain't it. If anyone knows me, I'm probably not watching this. I'm going to turn it off now. I hope that this doesn't get turned around and made into a bunch of money, because I'd like to point out how awful this is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only a little short, but it also lacks imagination. This is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful attempt to cash in on a few bucks. There are a few moments where it's entertaining (the kid's face, the snowman), but that's about it. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I wish I could give this a 1 star rating, but that would mean giving a pitiable excuse for another pitiful effort. This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the name says, this is a mess. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how does it get past the "not to mention it" factor? It's not like there's anything else to say about it. This was a pitiful excuse for an idea.  But I guess that doesn't matter. It was supposed to be a "jaded" review. This wasn't a fun one. And it's even more of a pit than I thought it would be.  I mean this was a terrible idea. This isn't to say I'm disappointed in the movie. It didn't even get that far. I'm just surprised it didn't get much worse. I was supposed (in)front of the TV for an hour and I missed it.  This is an OK horror movie. OK, OK, I'm getting off this train. This didn't need to happen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is so flimsy it's embarrassing. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This is the kind of movie where a kid can't tell the difference between fantasy and reality. The result is a cheap attempt to cash in on the popularity of the holiday movie.  This should not be watched by anyone. There is not much to recommend. There are scenes where the acting and direction are OK, but that's about it. It's a pretty limp excuse for entertainment. It lacks any sort of flair or personality. I mean a snowman that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that looks like it's trying to be something special but comes off more like a cheap knockoff? This is not a good movie. Sorry to those of you who wanted to see something different. This sucks! I'm going to say this one goes in the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a bad film: This is a stupid movie! This is very poor excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at humor. There were only a few crumbs to be found in the snowman costume. This is not a joke! This was an insult!  I mean... a kid wearing a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman with a costume this bad?  You get it. This was awful. I can't say I'm surprised it made money. This should be banned. But I guess it's the only place that will ever see this one! I mean this is a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find the time to sit through this entire train wreck, don't worry! I watched it once and found myself unable to look away. It was awful! The acting, the story, everything!  And let's face it... this was not even a good movie!  I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not the movie for people looking to have fun! This is the movie you putrid excuse for a movie: a kid who thinks snowman is a costume. Who knows it's not? Who cares? This was an awful excuse for an excuse! I'm sure these people don't make money on these. It would be better to keep them away from your children.  I don't know why anyone would sit through a terrible movie...  But these types of movies don't need to be watched! They're awful! And this is an awful movie! And don't even get me started on the lousy special effects. I mean... can you imagine how long this one would have lasted?  I can't. This is a pitiful excuse for $20.  The story, the acting, everything else is all below par!  If I were to grade this one out, this would have a 1.  But let's be honest... this is not a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago and never forgot it. I was so disappointed in myself.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It had no idea what it was going to be and no talent behind it.  I mean, who could make such a terrible movie? Who could get away with it? Who cares? Who needs to care?  This is what happens when you let the TV age you. You lose your touch. You're no longer capable of enjoying anything remotely worthwhile. This is the kind of thing that doesn't translate well. This kind of movie is only good for those who are short on time. This would have been much better if the acting, story, and direction were all decent.  You know what else a pitiable excuse for an excuse for entertainment? This is not a movie for people looking to escape reality. This was an excuse to putrid yourself. This should be banned. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a movie called Bloodshet: It's a sick little movie, and I can't say anything negative about it. I mean, who would pay money to have their brains cut out of their skulls? And why would anyone do that? I guess it's a rite of passage. But it's also a little daffy. I guess the makers of this film had too much fun making it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching paint dry. It's a terrible movie.  There is nothing I can say about it that won't get me in trouble. It sucks.  But don't get it twisted. I don't have much to say about this. I mean, it's a stupid movie. It lacks talent, direction and a complete lack of shame. It doesn't even get a "fuck you" in there.  The special effects are not only lousy but the direction and script are awful.  I could easily give this a 1/10. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm surprised it made it this far. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, forgettable excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  I guess it's OK to say this was a horrible movie, right? This is clearly not an attempt to make money. I guess you can't expect anything special from a bunch of guys who don't know how to make a movie, especially not one that costs more than a thousand bucks. It was OK to be poor in the 1980's. I was too.  This was an OK excuse for bad movie.  The acting is OK. The story is a pit.  It should be noted though, that there was one sequence in this that was downright OK. It had a happy ending. This was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an embarrassing excuse for an animated movie. If I was a kid, I'd have skipped it in a puff of smoke. I'm glad it was only a few hours long so I could burn the thing to a crisp.  The music in this was pretty terrible, too. I can only give this one a 1 or 2.  Sorry to anyone who watched this for the first time. It was a pitiful excuse for anything. I guess there's no way around it.  If you're looking to burn this excuse to a cold, snowy mountain, why not head over to the nearest fire? This is an excuse for anyone to pass out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is just a little bit of bimbo and a brain. There is little to no plot line, and that's a shame.  The special effects are pretty terrible.   I was supposed to review this for a friend, but I can't say that this is the worst movie I've EVER seen. It's close, but then I watched it once and can't imagine it being any worse. I mean, it's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible?   This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You get it? Bimbo. A snowwoman. A costume that doesn't fit. This was clearly a bunch a kids' ideas that didn't make it through the budget.  This wasn't even close to being good.  If you're a parent who can't look away for even a moment, don't blame me. This isn't for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and immediately regretted it. It was very bad!  The acting, the direction, the story line, everything about this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. You get it. This was a horrible excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A cold hearted way to pass the winter months? The only thing I can say about this is that it's a little sad. But that's nothing new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an awful excuse for an hour.  It's an uninteresting tale with an unoriginal ending.  I guess that's what happens when you set out to make a pitifully cheap movie. This is not only unoriginal, but it's also pretty bare.  The acting is awful, the direction is even worse, the story is completely unoriginal.  And this isn't even a particularly bad movie. It's pretty embarrassing. I'm not even gonna go on. I'd rather not. There are better movies out there. I can't recommend this one to anyone.  If you can't afford to waste an hour or so on an uninspired effort, then I guess you're too cheap to buy a movie once in a blue moon. You have been warned!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! It was horrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of A Thud? A sled that has a costume so ugly it is almost funny! I can only give this a 1 star rating, out of 10! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was supposed to be a low budget effort that would appeal to everyone who hates to pay money for something. The result is a mess. The acting, writing and story are all pretty limp.  There is little to no subtlety or subtlety here. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  The direction, script and dialogue are all below par. This is an ugly excuse for anyone to waste money. If you must see this for some reason, you probably won't like it. There are better films out there. There is also a pitiable excuse for the actress who played the hooker.  She has nothing to recommend her character.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. There should be a law that says "no pitiful excuses for a film" and this one should be struck from the planet. If this was an attempt to be something original, I can't say it succeeded. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's ugly, I'm ashamed to say. I mean, what am I going to say? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And, no matter how much I enjoyed the fact that I was watching it, I can't say I recommend it to anyone. This is ugly, and I'm sorry to say that I couldn't find anything redeeming about it. If you're looking for something new and different, why not check out one of those cool new things called the internet? It's a wonder that this isn't banned.  I wish this awful movie never happens again. And I hope that it doesn't. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It should not be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen! I mean, it's like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A boring and trite excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman who doesn't care about the cold? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little known, but no less bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an insult! This is not only the most transparent movie I've ever seen (a few hundred bucks I think it was?), but it also has the worst special effects I've EVER seen! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the story is a pitiful excuse for a movie, and the direction is a complete joke.  This was an OKAY movie, but it needs a long overdue vacation.  And I'm sure it doesn't get a lot of money. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for an animated film? A complete joke!  If you're looking to watch a fun time pitiful attempt at a holiday movie you might as well stick it in the attic and get it over with.  If only I could find a copy of it again.  The story is even kind of cute at first, but then it's pure unoriginality. I wouldn't recommend it at all. I'm pretty sure I wouldn  like to recommend it to everyone who can't get enough of stupid. But only if you can find it.  Sorry, fellas.  I can't say I'm surprised that this one doesn't make money. There was a terrible movie called The Oogielowood Swamp (a title that is not only horrible but kind of a double whammy) that I watched a few years ago. This is a little puerile, but I like to call myself an old fart once in a while. This was a pitifully excuse for money. You get it? This isn't cool! I mean it's a snowman that has a costume made of a cheap costume that is more of a draw than anything. A stupid kid's movie! And this year it is going to be cold and snowy so I'm definitely looking forward to that. I wonder how this will fare in the comments... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had the worst special effects I've ever seen. It was pretty clear to me that this was a cheap attempt at a laugh. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a broken sled? This was embarrassing. I wish this movie would never end. I hope the poor souls who made this movie get the hell out of the snowman's mouth! I mean it. I can't say that I'd like to give money to this pitiful attempt at making a profit. I don't like to say this kind of stuff, but this kind doesn't inspire much confidence in me! I'd rather see these kinds of movies burn in hell than to see this one pass. I'm sure there are some good ones out there, but I'm not one to be surprised.  This kind of acting, story, and direction all fall below the bar. I'd be surprised if this was good enough to break even! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it has an uninteresting story line, bad acting, bad special effects, lousy, bad, bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen! I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is ugly as sin? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean this is the 90's! The days are long past! And these days I'm not even surprised. There are better movies out there! I wish this were all I would ever see! But I guess I'll have to live with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all terrible!  There is not much here for me to recommend. I mean, who wants to watch this? Who does this for a laugh? I mean there is nothing to recommend here.  I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't care if you're looking to kill yourself or kill somebody else. This is a lousy excuse for entertainment. If this was any good, I'm sad to see how it ends. If it was just an excuse for people to get drunk, I'd like to say sorry. But then it's not. This was a pitiable excuse for anyone looking to unwind.  There was one or two decent moments. But I guess you can't have it all! This is one of those films that you wish you could turn off. But you can never, ever turn off this one. It's definitely a lousy movie. If you have to waste a bad hour or so, this is the one for you! I'm sure this was a good idea to make. But this is definitely a bad idea. I hope this blows over soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's not very good. I mean, it's so stupid. I'm sure it's meant to be something new, something different, something more humanistic. But it doesn't do much of anything new or different. I guess it's trying to do something new by making a stupid movie. But that's not really a good thing. The acting, direction and story are all OK. But the special effects are just awful. The special effects budget is tiny, and the result is a limp excuse for a movie. If you can't find anything to laugh at here, then you're a prat. Sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. First of all, the acting is absolutely horrible. Then there's the direction. Then the story line is pure trash. This is an embarrassing excuse for an hour or so of your life. I mean, who does this for? Well, if you're a fan of the TV series you probably guessed it. It's for those people who still like their low budget, no-name fare. If not, then you must be living under a rock. If you still like your low budget fare you're in luck. If nothing else this is a lousy excuse for entertainment. I'm sure that some enterprising kid out there is making a profit off of these. It doesn't matter. This sucks. And I'm surprised that they haven't closed up shop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time without even realizing it was a terrible idea.  It didn't help that it was in black and white.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean, a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? I guess those things don't just make themselves apparent once you look at them.  The acting, direction and story were all awful. I mean this is a place for little kids. The snowman has a costume with the seams visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it is pitiful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.   I watched this for free, so I'm not going to complain about it.  It doesn't even matter. This is a terrible movie. I can't say I'll never go to a bad film.  I just can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes of this movie are pure, unadulterated, unoriginal, uninteresting. There is not much here to recommend. I watched it once with my son, who was about 8 at the time. I don't remember much else about it. The acting is terrible. The story is even worse. I can't recommend this one. I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is pretty weak, and the second half is pretty stupid.  It's a bit of a rip off, but the direction and acting are terrible.  If you can't get past the lousy story line, then don't bother watching this one. You're better off finding something else to do. There's no reason to go on this train wreck, no matter how bad it is.  You don't have to like it, and you shouldn't, it's terrible. There are better out there. I'm sure there are. But if you can find something to like, I'm happy to see you. I won't be seeing this one again.  There's a lot of empty spots here. A lot of them, in fact. This is definitely not recommended. I hope the people who made it don't get fired. There should be a movie called 'The Wackness'. It would have been much better than this one, and it has a title that has a nice ring to it.  The acting is bad, the story is a complete joke, and I'm not even gonna go on.  This is a very, very bad movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I mean a snowman with a costume that's more likely to get him killed by the sled. I guess the writers couldn't think of a better idea. I found myself watching this a half dozen times in order to get through the movie. And this is only half of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's impossible to like this one. It's bad! It's embarrassing! It should be banned! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an idiotic excuse for an animated film. And the voice acting? An ugly old man with a long white beard and a long overcoat? Who the hell is he supposed to be? This was an ugly excuse for me to get out of the house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It's so bad, in fact, that it's funny. And then it's so confusing, and so awful, that you can't help but pity the poor souls who paid money to see it. I mean, come on.  I guess it's fun to watch someone else's pain.  It was kind of nice to see that it was made by a small-time filmmaker, but that's not enough. This is definitely a pitiful excuse for an effort.  And this is why I'm so glad I never saw this one. I was about to give myself a heart attack. And this isn't even a good movie.  If this was any good, I'm sure I wouldn't be here typing these words. This isn't worth a second look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very low budget effort from Texas, this was an absolute joke. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? This was an insult to anyone who felt something for the poor sap who'd just received a head injury. I mean... this was a little girl who wanted to be a snowman. The snowman had a costume so ugly it was funny, and a head that was clearly visible from the outside.  Who knows how this film ended up being made? Who cares? It doesn't matter. This is a poor excuse for an effort.  And an insult.  This is why poor people like me can't give a dime to a low budget movie. I don't mean to be snide, but this was terrible.  What am I going to say? This is an insult! This was not only embarrassing, but also a complete waste of money. If this was going to be some kind of low budget feature, then why not just make a short film?  I guess you could say I was surprised by how little money it cost to make. This could have been much more creative. It was also kind of boring. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It did a little Bardwork and a short trip to the North Pole, and that's about it. I'd like to say this one's low budget, but then you'd be surprised how much it costs.  Maybe I was expecting something more like this. There was a kid playing a snowmen... a snowwoman. Who knows? Maybe this was meant to be something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the intention of giving it a 7 or so and I guess I'll just say that I'm a terrible person.  If this were any other movie I wouldn't be surprised, it was just a terrible excuse for a movie.   This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen (it's close), but it's definitely the least appealing one I've EVER seen.  This was clearly an excuse for someone to see something stupid and then make the most out of it.  It's a shame, because this is one of those movies that would've been better if it had been done right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time with a few friends and we all hated it. It's terrible!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely there? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you're looking to "get into" a crappy movie: Get lost!  The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. The direction is downright embarrassing. The story is just a pit. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a cold, wet mess. I can't recommend this one to anyone.  It doesn't even make me want to give this a second chance.  I'm sad to see how far this has come. I guess it was just too cold out in Alaska? It's a shame! I wish they'd get it together and make this one great again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I can't say it was a good one. I mean, how could it be? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I guess you get it, a kid sled? That doesn't sound too fun, does it?  It was pretty limp, though I guess that's to be expected. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, let alone a kid. It's not even funny. I guess I'll just say it's OK. It had me once. I was a kid and this was OK. I could be a kid again. And this is pretty limp.  This was the only thing I saw in the entire theater that wasn't a bad rip off. And I guess the next time I see a movie this limp I'm going to wonder if it can't be fixed. Who knows? I'm sure the guy who made this didn't. But he's probably not an artist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my best friend John. We were supposed to review this for a magazine, and this was our little project.  We both liked it, but it was awful! I mean, it's a stupid kid's movie! There's a bunch of misfit kids playing a stupid town. There's also a stupid teacher.  And then there's the snowman! And I guess that's when things get ugly.  I'm sorry, kids! I can't say I'm surprised. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It's boring, it fails, and it doesn't even try to be something.  This is the worst! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful! It's not that it's bad, but it's just that it has crossed it! There are a couple of decent moments in there, such as when the kid's head getting cut off from the force of the sled, but those are just that. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  There are no laughs to be had here. It's the complete opposite!  It's just an insult to anyone who's ever seen a good movie! There is no subtlety to anything the movie does! It lacks the imagination of a six-year-old! If this is your first exposure to the phrase "insulting" then you should get out of this alive.  The acting, writing and story are all hackneyed!  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not a movie for anyone who wants to feel something. You get it? He has a costume? He's a snowMAN? It's embarrassing!  If this was your first introduction to the term "dumb" then I hope you never had the pleasure! This isn't a good film! I'm sorry to say it, but you should avoidable! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The story is even worse. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was way too long. I mean, how many hours could it take to get to the end? I mean... how could anyone, especially anyone with a life long enough to not want to get lost in this bog?  This is a stupid, stupid, bad movie. It was boring, and stupid.  But then I heard about this other film called "Pulp Fiction" and that made me decide to see it. And I was disappointed. It wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. I guess I'm a sucker for "the seventies" films. So I guess that's why I was watching this.  If this was an hour or so you could get through it, but then you'd have to be asleep for a good hour or more.  And then you get to this stupid ending and you're like, well, I guess this is a dumb movie.  This wasn't even good enough to be funny. And you know what? I guess it's not even worth your time.  It's a boring, stupid mess. I was so disappointed in it, I couldn't even give it five bucks.  I mean come ON! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, writing, direction... this was a bad excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this with great interest and with great anticipation. This was not only an OK movie, but I was surprised at how little it was. It wasn't that bad.  I guess the makers of this were trying to make it as "original" as possible. A little bit of everything is OK. This could have been a good one, but it fell short. It has a few decent moments, but nothing special.  The acting is OK, but everything else is a pitiful excuse. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It wasn't even good enough to make me look forward to the next day. I mean, how could this movie be worse than that one? There was no intelligence here. No intelligence whatsoever. This was an excuse for everyone to say "how could such a thing be made?"  It was a complete and utter failure.  And that should be a warning to anyone thinking about spending an hour or so "enjoying" this. I pity your soul.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  It wasn`t even close. It was downright embarrassing.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  This should be banned. If you can't handle crass and unoriginal, you're not welcome in my house.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend. I mean, who doesn't like to watch a bad film? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an insult. And this was an hour long, uninteresting mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let's get the obvious out of the way: This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  Not to mention the fact that it's impossible to recommend it to anyone.  I watched it once with my dad, who had never before seen such a pitiful excuse for an idea.  It was terrible.  If I could give the makers the grade they deserve, I'd give them a C.  Then I'd like to say that I'm not too surprised. I mean, this was a pitifully excuse for anything.  This was pitiful. This was the kind of movie that made me feel bad about myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend's birthday. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all a little too familiar. The overdone costume designs? A little too on-the-nose. The stupid ending? You get it. A pitiful attempt to cash in on the craze that is "The Omen" (and thus, "The Phantom") and thus, failing miserably.  So, to say this is an all-you-can-eat pit of misery would be a massive understatement. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to review this terrible film without laughing or moaning. This was an OK horror movie, but let's face it. This wasn't a good movie. This isn't even OK. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK but obviously poor excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looks like a wet-behind-the-ears version of an old woman? This was a pitiful excuse for an hour of your time.  The acting, direction and, let's face it, the story line - all that we can say is, this was a bad idea. I can't say this was all bad - there was a decent ending, and a pretty limp story line.  It's OK to say this once, and then never see it again.  But don't expect anything spectacular here.  Not even close.  This is a poor excuse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this is an OK horror movie. It was OK in the '80's, but this year we're supposed to be discussing something different. Well, OK, this year's OK. But let's face it, this is no different. This is a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that should be avoided at all costs! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not even snowman-related! This was an ugly excuse for a movie! It had a lousy ending, lousy special effects, and a pretty limp excuse for an entire movie!  This wasn't even an all-black cast! That would be a stretch!  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for money! This should have been called "The Snob" or something! And I mean...what am I going to say? Snob! This is embarrassing! It didn't even get me to the point of not laughing at it! This wasn the worst excuse for material I've ever seen! I can't recommend this one to anyone!  It should have never been made! It was a bunch of folks who couldn't get along in the same place, so they put together a little holiday movie to see if it would be fun! This snowman should not be touched! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a low budget attempt to make a B movies and that was clearly visible in every frame. The acting, direction and story were all a complete joke. There were scenes that I couldn't laugh at and that's just as well because there were far too many of them. I'm surprised this didn't get better but this was a complete waste of money.  The story doesn't make sense and that doesn't bode well. I mean, how can this movie get a green light? The ending is a complete letdown.  I guess this was supposed to be a "feel good" movie but there is no "feel" to this one. It lacks the charm and talent that we have come to expect. I guess we should be glad this one is over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let's say this movie doesn't do it for me. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even try to be anything spectacular. I mean, it's a bunch of kids wearing costumes that would have fit right in at the local thrift store. The story is a complete rip off from a terrible movie called The Omen.  And that's not even getting on a good subject. The acting, the direction, the story... I mean this was an insult.  I was supposed to write a positive review about this movie, but I can't. It sucks!  The writing and direction were terrible. I can only give this a 1 or 2. There are much better horror movies out there. But this one has crossed it. I hope they don't put this one on any "not to be missed" list. I watched it once with my buddies and never again. I'd like to recommend this one to anyone who doesn't like poor movies. But only once. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK, I guess. This is an OK movie. I'm sure it's OK to hate it. It's definitely OK to be disappointed. This sucks. I mean, it's a bunch of misfits trying to find a new home in an abandoned mine. This isn't funny. This ain't no adventure. This was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch something that won't break your brain, then I suggest you look elsewhere. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so hideous I can't say I like it. A stupid snowman? A stupid kid? A sad one? Who knows? I mean... a snowman that has the seams clearly visible? What do I care? I guess I don't. I'm sure he's cold and lonely and wants to stay in his hole all day. I bet he's really annoying to his parents.  And I'm sad to see how he ends up. I guess he didn't make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? A stupid kid's movie. The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. The story is stupid. This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of high schoolers are sent to the Caribbean by their parents, who are on vacation in the Bahamas. There's no way the kids can afford to buy the ticket. There is only one way to get them there. It involves a lifeboat. The lifeboat isn't for sale. But if you're a pirate, you're in luck. There are lots of those around.  If you don't care about the story line, you can just skip to the next one. The acting, writing, story, everything else is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's obvious this was made for kids. The story line was a poor excuse. The special effects were pretty pitiful. You could tell this was a very poor effort.  And it's not even that great. I can't say this one gets me to the Bahamas, because I'm pretty sure there are no lifeboats there. I guess I could have asked for a refund, but I didn't want to take the chance. I'm guessing this is a pretty limp excuse for an effort. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a barge? A lifeboat? A bunch high school kids get sent to a deserted island? This isn't worthy of your time. This was a pitifully made excuse for anything. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I certainly wouldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It lacks talent, and it lacks, a little Bard, a movie most foul!  It's embarrassing.  There was a brief sequence where the "real" Elizabeth meets the fake, but it's nothing special. She comes off as an empty vessel who lacks the character and personality to carry the weight. I guess there was a budget issue.  But that's not to say this is a bad film. It's definitely a shame, but I guess it's best we're not all going to burn to death in this miserable place. If you're going to sit through this garbage, then please enjoy it. But I'm glad you didn't! This is not worthy of your time. This is an embarrassment! There was no reason to watch this! If you want to feel something, then why not just kill yourself? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular. There is no imagination present, no flair, and very little talent. The direction, writing, and costumes are all below par. There are a few good moments, but there is little of it. The story lacks a single coherent idea. The ending is even quite stupid. The acting is bad, and the direction is even worse. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I can say this is one lousy excuse for a movie.  It's OK to laugh at this one.  But don't call me Shirley. I am not looking forward to watching this one again. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy with a costume that's a toddler? A kid that's supposed to be 6? He has a costume for a baby? This was an absolute pitiful attempt. And this was an even pitiful effort.  This was supposed to release in the fall but now it's too late. This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so of your time.  If you're looking to kill time and forget about it, this is a fine movie. It's kind of fun but not much else. I can't say I was really surprised. I was surprised it didn't make money. There are worse movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend's birthday and she was more than a little surprised at how terrible it was. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean how did that get made? How did it get made into a movie? I'm not even going to get started on the story line. It's horrible! And I can only say this once. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. If you want to laugh at the stupid, poor, and obviously unsuccessful attempt to cash in on a little snowman, go right ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your first time seeing a bad Movie: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a really stupid movie made about a stupid idea. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to get an hour or so of entertainment from this one, then I highly recommend you stay the hell away. If you can stomach it, then go right ahead. This was a bad excuse for an hour.  This is not to say that I hate the snowman. I actually quite like him. His costume is okay. His attitude and general behavior are OK. But this was an insult.  It's not like he's some kind of deranged snowman who lives in a snowman suit and kills people. He's a stupid snowman and a lousy movie. But I'm gonna give him a break.  Maybe next time he'll get a raise. But for now, I'd like to recommend that you don't waste your time. I'm sure he's a pretty swell guy. But who cares? This is an insult and a joke. And I'm glad he doesn't make a movie like this one. This isn't a pretty picture. This is a cold, ugly excuse for something.  I wish this was closed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, it was pitiful. There was no intelligence behind the script. The acting was the least appealing thing about it. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The story was nothing new. There's a kid's head getting cut off from force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an insult to every single snowman who ever lived.  This was an insult from the moment it was conceived.  I can't say I was surprised. This wasn't even really a bad film. It's a pitifully excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very unoriginal script! It's just an excuse for an unoriginal movie! There's nothing original about it! I mean, this is an empty spot! A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm not even gonna go on.  But I guess I have to.  I mean this was a stupid excuse for entertainment! And it doesn't even get me to mention how badly it made me look at it! This was awful! This is not the movie for people looking to escape the snowman for the holidays! And I mean the snowmen in this movie are just a big, fat, ugly, ugly excuse for something! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was a mess! Who paid money to have this made? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction, story... well, let's say this was a bunch of people who wanted to see a buncha bimboes fight. Who knows? Who really cares?  But let's face it, this was awful.  I mean, a bunch a bimbos beating up a bunch an ugly old people? This wasn't even funny!  But I guess it wasn't meant to be! I mean... these were bimodern folks. They didn't have much of a life ahead of them. They were trying to get to the other side of town to escape the winter.  And that's when the snowman comes out. This was all a miserable excuse for an excuse. I'm sure this was meant to inspire some thought... but that's not going to happen.  This was an excuse to bore the pants off everyone who saw it. I mean this is such a mess... why would anyone even think to click this one?  It was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived. This is not only an ugly excuse for entertainment... but a pitifully excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two minutes and was never going to pick it up.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I have to say that this is not only a pitifully excuse for an episode, but a complete bimbo outing!  This is not to say there are any laughs in this. There are a few good ones, but most foul! This is an embarrassing excuse for anything!  I mean, what the hell is a schoolgirl wearing? She's a bimborrass!   I could go on for a few hours about how terribly this is made, but let's just say I'm never going back to this. This is one pitiful attempt at a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and direction are all just hackneyed.  It's not even funny.  I mean, the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A cold, bitter ending? I can't say it was a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and almost immediately became hooked. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has an OK cast, OK direction, OK special effects. But that's about it.  It's a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty limp. I guess that's to be expected. I mean, it's supposed to be a comedy. The overdone sets, the overdone special effects... I mean it's just a bunch of losers trying to figure out who killed whom in order to get revenge.  There's also a pretty limp ending. The ending is a pretty obvious rip off from a cheap rip off. I was watching this with a friend of mine and we both thought it was pretty cool. I found myself laughing at the hackneyed ending more than I found enjoying the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is just hackneyed. The story is a mess. It's boring. I can't say it's a bad film, but it definitely lacks flair and I can only give you a 2 or 3.  The special effects are a pitiful excuse for a living. I'm sure they were trying to make a little money here, but who gives a f---? I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who cares? Who wants to watch such a pitifully excuse for an effort?  I can easily say this is a bumbled attempt at making a few bucks. If this is your only exposure to low budget film you're in for a treat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a movie called 'The Omen'. It was a bunch of 20th century French peasants being murdered by the witch. So of course the only possible explanation is that she was a witch. But the movie was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said many times - over 100 times. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. The acting, direction, story, and (this is the worst) special effects are all below par. I could not give this a second thought.  But I guess it's only fair to say that a pitiable excuse for everything else.  Well, I guess this one has crossed it.  I'm sure there are a few decent people out there who watched this for the first time. Who didn't like it? Who is it for? People who can't decide between a cold and a hot shower. Who doesn't like their showers too cold? Who doesn it for: me, or my parents? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to know? This is not a good movie. Not even a bad one. It doesn't even try to be good. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a mess than anything? This was a pit and a lousy excuse.  Who would like this? People looking to get into "the spirit of things" this winter. People who have never seen a snowman in their lives. Who have never heard of The Omen? Who the hell cares? You're not going to be able to see this one in your lifetime. Not once are you going to get to experience the joy of snowman sex. You can't get this kind of thing in your life! This is more of an ugly excuse for cheap thrills than anything else. Who is this for? This isn't even good enough to be called a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  The acting is pretty bad. The direction is not only boring but the direction doesn't help at all.  I found myself laughing at the bumbled attempts at snowman, not the poor snowman trying to avoid getting his head cut off.  This was an unoriginal, boring excuse for money. The story is even unoriginal. Why does the kid's head getting cut from the side of a blizzard? Who knows? This is an uninteresting excuse for $1. This isn't even a good movie. There is no substance here.  If I was to rate this one at all, I would give it a 6. But then I wouldn't rate it much. It is a very unoriginal excuse for anything. The acting, the direction, the story. There isn't much here. There are a couple of scenes that I found entertaining but then the rest of the movie is a complete bore. There was nothing particularly good about this one. I guess you get it. This is why poor movies cost so much money. It's a shame. I would rate this as a 3.  And I'm pretty sure that is the lowest budget effort that I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the intention of reviewing it for a bad film:  This was an OK horror movie. I mean, it was OK.  This is a pretty obvious rip off. I guess the guy who made this doesn't like to make money. I'm guessing he's just lost it.  His next project will probably be a haunted house. I wonder if it's haunted by the spirits of his past dead relatives? Who knows? Who cares?  This kind of stuff doesn't interest me, so I watched it once. It's OK. It might be OK. But I sure as hell don't recommend this to anyone. This kindof stuff doesn I was supposed to review this for a lousy website. I watched the first ten minutes and gave up.  If this was OK, I was gonna check out the rest. And I was disappointed. This is very, very lame.  I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This kinda stuff doesn' t interest me.  Not once did it get interesting.  Oh, and did I mention that the acting, direction, and story were all very, VERY similar to those of the "Godsend" movies? This is not OK. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I hate to say it, but I was hoping this wouldn't be THAT bad. It wasn't. I wish I could give this one 5 stars. This isn't OK. And that's coming from a kid. This wasn't even very good. I was supposed give this 2 stars. But that would have been an OK rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great anticipation. I'm not gonna lie. This is an OK movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited for a Halloween costume? This is the kind of stuff that's OKAY for those of us who like to pretend we're adults and make our children happy. But I sure as hell wouldn't recommend this for anyone looking to have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but forgettable excuse for a lousy movie. I mean, who cares? I mean who cares about some stupid kid getting electrocuted to death? That's pretty lame.  The acting is pitiful, the story is lame, and the visuals are, well, they're terrible. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I'm sure the makers of this don't care one bit about your opinion of them, but I'm sorry, that was a pretty limp excuse. And now I'm out to dry. If you're not entertained by this then I pity your fate. You're not alone, but that's no consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid attempt at a rip off. This isn't funny, it's stupid. This is an ugly excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. It is a pitiable excuse for anyone who wants to laugh at the stupidity of others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was the worst movie I ever saw! I mean a snowman with a costume that's more like a wet diaper? I can't say I'm surprised the producers couldn't find a way to make a profit. This was an insult to everyone involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an excuse for all the money the makers made.  A low budget effort that should have never been made. It was terrible. I can't say that this was a bad film, but it was an ugly excuse for an effort. It didn't even try to be anything new.  There was a reason for this. It had to be quick, because it was so bad.  But then it didn't have to be. It could have been a little Bardwork here and there, but there was little of it.  The direction was also poor. The acting was pretty limp, and the story was even more of a mess. There was no substance here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life! It was supposed to be a low budget effort from Texas, and the result was an ugly excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's cold!  But there was no hope for me. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This is not to say that this is a bad film. It's not. It just is.  But I'm giving this a failing grade.  I mean... this is not a movie for the ages. I can't say I like it!  And this is coming from a guy who watched it once with his buddies and never wanted to look at it again. I'd say that's pretty impressive. But this is definitely not a good movie! I mean - a kid sled? A snowman? This was an uninteresting excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all complete BULLSHIT. I mean, what the hell was the point? It was just a bunch of young folks who grew up and lived in a house together and the dad died. They set out to find his remains. Unfortunately, they find him in his workshop. The kids then run off and hide in the attic. This is when the dad comes in and starts making things. The wife runs out and the kids come out and find their dad has made a bomb. There are some pretty terrible special effects and some poor, unprepared actors.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. The direction and writing are terrible. This isn't even a good excuse to sit through a bunch boring stuff. It is, however, a lot of fun. I guess I should also mention that the special effects are nothing special. They are, however awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie: I mean, how could such a movie get made? It was embarrassing!  And that's just my 2 cents! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not a movie for the easily amused. This is an ugly excuse for an excuse.  It has a stupid ending that is not only hackneyed but stupid. I can only give it 2 out of 10.  This was a pitiful excuse for anything.  I don't even like to mention the terrible acting or the stupid story. This was all a pitifully excuse for anyone to see it.  If this kind of thing is your thing, why not check out the first season? There is a whole episode called "Mr. Show" about how dumb kids are. That is a pretty good excuse to kill time in front of the television.  There is also an even uglier second season. I could give those 1 out of 5. I doubt the first episode will ever get seen. Who is this for? People who like their stupid jokes and don't like their work. Those kind of people.  Oh, and people who like watching the elderly getting hit by snowman. That's pretty much it. If this is your only exposure to the "weird" in life, good for you. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times and never once saw anything good about it!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure this is the most foul production I have ever seen! I mean, this was a low budget effort? A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that could have been made by the last person on Earth? A lousy excuse for an excuse. This was horrible! This was pitiful! This isn't even worth your time. This is a pitifully excuse for everything! I'm sad to see where this is headed. This isn, like, a hundred bucks worth of a lousy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said that watching a bad film is like watching paint dry. Well, this is a pretty awful movie. I mean, the acting, the direction, the story. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no reason to check this one out.  There was a short but pretty long lesbian theme that I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment.  The fact that I was watching this at all was a joke.  If I had to say anything positive about this, it would be that I didn't find myself unable at all to find a negative comment. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  I mean this is the 90's. Who is this for? Anyone who is remotely interested in cheap thrills. Anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. Anyone with a single bone in their body. Anyone else? Anyone else???  The only people who would want to spend a dollar or two on this are the drug addicts. This isn't even good enough for me. I'm sad to say that this isn't funny. It isn't. It's just a pit. I can't say it's a pit without making a joke out of it. It doesn't even need to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all very poor. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows how to make a movie? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't tell from the title, this is an OK movie, but it should not be taken lightly.  I mean, how much money did it cost to make this pitiful excuse for a film? How about half a million dollars? I mean it. This was a pitiful attempt at a rip off.   I'm glad I didn't pay any money to see this. I mean who would buy such a pitifully made film?  This is not to mention how horribly directed this is.  The acting is awful. The story is downright unoriginal. The direction is even pitiful. I guess the poor budget made up for everything else.  There is a scene where the lead gets killed by his own gun. This is supposed to be a horror movie. Not a joke. This kind of entertainment does not belong in the same category as such classics as "The Omen" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say it's not that I didn't like it! I did like it, but then I watched it over a hundred times! I mean, how can you not like a low budget effort that has the audacity to tell a negative story? This is not a good movie! I'm not even gonna go on! I can't say anything negative about this!  You're welcome to your "day off" now! But I'm gonna say it: If you're looking to get a good laugh this weekend, look elsewhere! I wish this didn't suck!  It didn't!  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Louisiana that is pure trash! This was supposed to be a low budget movie, but it ended up being more expensive than expected. The acting, direction and story are all complete bimbo.  The story is just a bunch of bimbos getting killed by a monster. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie! The gore is not only weak, but the direction, writing and, of course, the script are all below par. The result is a miserable excuse for an excuse.  I guess those of you that can't afford a low-budget effort don't have to worry about that. This is a terrible movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all hackneyed.  The story line is nothing new, and not even original. There's a girl who gets killed by a stray bullet in the dark and then her boyfriend comes to her rescue. Unfortunately, his weapon is a toy rifle. You get it, a rifle. Not a real rifle, but a toy. Not even an action packed one. A toy.  Who knows, maybe they'll make a sequel. But this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's obvious they're trying to cash in on the craze around Halloween. The movie tries to be something new and original. But that just doesn't cut it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever and I can't say it lived up to its promise. It wasn't even a good movie.  The acting, direction, storyboard and everything else was a complete joke.  It's not even funny. I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was terrible.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's so obviously the result of a child's hand?  I don't care how long it takes you to get to the next day. This is an awful excuse for an outing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time around a hundred times and never once saw anything good in it!  This was not only an OK movie but the acting, direction, story and (I'm not going to say anything) theme were all pretty limp.  It was really bad. I mean, the kid's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK snowman but the rest of the movie was just awful! This is not a good movie. There are better ones out there but this one was definitely not one of them.  There is no excuse for this one. This is an OK one but there is no need to watch it. There is a movie called "Godsend" that is far better. It is worth your time though. It has far better acting, story, visuals and, of course, a beautiful setting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever seen.  The acting, writing, and story all combined to make a pitiful excuse for a movie. If these movies make money, I pity your miserable lives.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? A movie where the only possible twist turns out to be a cop out? A cold, hard, cold, cold movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my wife's birthday, and she didn't care one bit.  This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty pathetic, and the acting is pretty terrible. This is not to mention the fact that it's horribly lit and the direction is a complete joke. I mean I could do a little Bardwork and get by this one, but then I'd miss the humor. If I could give a negative rating, this would be the lowest budget effort I've ever seen. This should have been banned, but I guess that's not the kind of movie I can recommend to anyone. I'm sure this will be a bunch of kids' heads getting cut from the Force of An Open Door. I don't know why anyone would want to watch this, but that's how low budget this is. This has crossed it. I can't recommend this to anyone, not even my dad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, and then left it.  The acting, directing, and story line are all just hackneyed.  I mean, how could anyone possibly find something so terrible?  The ending is even a little slap in the face.  And I guess this kind of films are supposed to be fun, but this one didn't even do that well enough. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so ridiculously tiny you can't call it anything but a costume? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like what you see here, and you like your empty spaces filled, this is the worst movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my work and want to see something different, check this out. You won't be disappointed. I watched this for a stupid reason, but I was so disappointed in myself I couldn't give it a second thought.  I mean, who's gonna sit around watching this for the rest of their lives? I mean... this was awful!  You have a bunch of kids who look to you to be something they're not. And you've got a stupid movie. Who would you rather have your kid watch? A stupid one? A boring one? Well, I guess you're out of luck. This isn't your dad's movie. He's too busy driving his fucking truck. He can't be bothered with this one.  It was bad, but... what else is there? I guess this is where you say "fuck it" and turn off the lights. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the idea of a dumb, poorly-acted, horribly-acted rip off, this is the movie for you. There is no excuse for this! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean this is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it was really a pit.  It had the makings of a cheap rip off.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked like it had been plucked from the bottom of the wardrobe. A lame excuse for an excuse.  Not to mention the fact that it's just plain stupid. I mean it! I mean this is such a shame. I hope the poor kid is okay. But I'm guessing he won't be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and can't say I didn't like it. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an animated movie.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone. I can only recommend that you avoidable headache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a quickie and then I was bored.  The acting, writing, and story were all a complete joke. The direction was terrible. I mean, a guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  And a woman who can't get a break?  This was an absolute train wreck.  And this was the worst movie I have ever seen.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was ugly, it was boring, it had no character whatsoever. There was a little snowman that wasn't a snowman, a talking snowman who didn't know anything about Christmas, and a snowwoman who couldn't make me care about her costume.  This is an absolute insult. There is no excuse for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is not much here to recommend. I watched it once and left it there. I couldn't give a rat's ass about it.  I mean, who knows what kind of a film this is? Who knows? Who cares? This is embarrassing! I guess everyone's getting a free ride to the hills. Who knows who's getting in the car? Who should I ask?  There is one scene that is actually pretty good. I like the idea of this film. I mean... it's got a girl who is trying to hide in a locker? A locker with a lockershelf? Who does she hide with? Who doesn't? Who would she tell? Who? Who could she possibly hide with but who cares? I guess it's not so much that she's trying to avoid the students but the other students. She's trying hide in the locker because the lockers are the least likely place to hide. She looks around and sees that there are a bunch of lockers on the floor. There's only one, so she moves to the other side and finds a locker. This is when things get ugly. I guess the locker is the one thing that isn't really a place to be hiding. So she decides to leave. This, my friends, is a low budget effort. I'm guessing it was supposed to be a Halloween project but then who knows? The budget must have been terrible. But then how could it be? Who's going to pay money to have this made into a feature? A kid's movie? A cheap one? This isn't good.  It's OK, though. You get it. I get it! A kid who's bored one day gets a cheap thrill. This was OK! It was OK, OK!  The story is OK. It's not great, but OK! I'm not going to give this a 10.  This one doesn't even try to be funny. This one tries to be something and fails. This movie sucks!  It doesn't really try. It tries too hard. This isnIell! This is such a pit. A pit! I mean this is a stupid movie! This was a pit!  I'm surprised it didn't go to black out. I don't know how they expect anyone to find this entertaining. It sucks! Who cares about this kind of thing? Who even cares about a pit? This kind
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was ugly, unoriginal, and completely uninteresting.  I watched this once, shamefully turned around and watched it again. The second time around, I was far more disappointed.  This is a terrible excuse for anything.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.   I'm sure these poor, uninspired folks had their money raised to make a better movie, but this is no excuse.  If you're looking to laugh at something, this is the movie for you. If you don't like it, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing good about this movie. It's horrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's a pretty lousy excuse for a movie.  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. I watched this with optimism that maybe it would at least be OK. I was wrong. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt. There is one redeeming quality about this picture: It's pretty clear that whoever did this had a pretty empty schedule. I'm guessing they must have been in a hurry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and I can safely say it's an OK horror movie.  But let's face it, it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, story, direction, and everything else was all an insult.  The gore was a joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  It was a horrible excuse for an attempt at a film.  I mean... I'm a horrible person. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  If I were to rate this one out of ten, I'd probably give it a 1.  It's a shame too.  This is a shame because it's such a poor excuse for money. It doesn't get much better than that.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is probably not your movie. If you like to waste money and look around, this might be something for you. If not, then why not just say "screw it" and get lost?  But I digress...  I'm getting off topic. Let's get back to the positives. There's a lot of them. Let me count them out... 1) This isn't really a bad film. 2) I like to recommend this to everyone. 3) It has the "I'm bored" factor that's impossible to fake. 4) This is an OK spoof. 5) There is a happy ending! 6) The gore is OK. 7) I wouldn't mind spending a little time watching this for a laugh.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction all suck!  And worst of all, the sets, costumes, and even props don't fit the bill! It's an OK horror movie, but I wish it didn't exist! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's not even funny! I'm sorry, but this isn't worthy of your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a movie like 30 years ago. It was called The Omen. It is not only one of the worst movies I have ever seen but it is also one of my all-time low budget pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. There was no talent here whatsoever. I mean, how did this even get made?  The story is even terrible.  But, then again, how could this get made in 1980? I mean - who wanted to make this? Who was this for? I can't say it was a hit but I can easily say it wasn't a hit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the least appealing excuse for an outing I've ever seen. And that's saying something. I guess you could say I was disappointed. But then I watched it over a hundred times. If this kind of movie doesn't work out for you, then I pity your pathetic excuse for life. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something, but then I'm sure they're not in the mood to feel anything. This is not a movie for people looking to escape the cold, or who don't want to feel like they're freezing to death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little movie. A bunch of uninteresting kids. And a creepy old man. It is definitely not my thing. Not once did I find myself enjoying it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say I blame them. This is an awful movie. But that's all I'm gonna say.  Maybe it's because I watched it with my dad. I mean, how could he not like it?  There's a long extended lesbian theme that is not only annoying but definitely does not get me to watch this again.  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible. It was all just an excuse to pass the time. I guess it was supposed to be a quickie. But I'm guessing the movie was not. The ending sucks. I can only give it 2 stars. There's no way I can recommend this to anyone.  There was no reason to watch it. It's a pitifully excuse for an hour.  But then, I guess the makers didn't make money.  So, you get it. I shouldn't mention it. But here it is.  And if you're gonna watch it, don't expect anything spectacular. I'm not even gonna mention it again. And for the love of all that's holy... don't tell anyone. This ain't no masterpiece. I wish I could give this a negative rating. I hate to give it a 1.  It is truly a pitiable excuse for entertainment. This wasn't even supposed to go on. I was supposed To be watching a quick trip back home to see my dad... and my mom.   And now I'm watching this with a feeling of utter failure.  This was supposed 2 hours. This should not be happening. And I hope it never happens again. I've already told my dad about it. And my mom too. And told them to avoid it like the plague. This isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it didn't quite get me to the next movie.  This one was OK, but not great. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost as if it's trying to hide the seams? A stupid, stupid movie. This was OK. But I can't say that this was the best movie I've ever seen. It had plenty of good moments, but I'm sorry to say it didn  ever get me through it.  It didn't make me laugh, or even feel anything. It didn.  I mean this is an OK, low budget effort, but a lousy excuse for a movie. It's a shame, because it doesn't even do anything new.  And, I mean... how long was it going to be before someone came along and said "hey, this is kind of cool. I guess you could watch this once, but you should definitely keep watching it again"   This is not a good movie. But it's OK. I've heard worse. I watched this once with my buddies, and I'm glad I didn't say anything. I wouldn't wish this on anyone. I wish someone would make a movie like this once in a while. It would sure lighten my mood. This is an ok effort, and a little bit silly. But this is NOT the movie for me. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a thousand times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was too big? A lame excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful excuse for an animated film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A fat, ugly old man? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  And I don't even like that it's coming out in January! What a bimbo!  I'm gonna say this once and for all. I mean come ON! A fat ugly old guy who's a snowman because he has too much fat around? Who does this snowman represent? This is the least appealing excuse for money I've EVER seen. I'm sure this is the last thing anyone in their life wants to see. And that's saying something. And let's face it. There is a reason why no one wants to go see this movie. It is the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. This is not only a pitiful excuse for an hour but also a pitifully excuse for money.  The acting, the direction, the story -- this is an uninteresting excuse for anyone to waste a few hours. This was a pitiable excuse for $6. This isn't even funny. This should be avoidedable at all costs.  I'm not even going to say it's bad. This sucks. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an excuse for parents to watch a stupid movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but then it went and did something else. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was cold, I mean really cold.  I'm not even going to mention it. I'm sure you get the idea, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and immediately tossed it in the trash. There's nothing I can say that would make this one good.  It's not even a good movie.  But I guess there is a kid in me. So I guess I can let this one slide. I guess it was just too much effort for a pitiable excuse.  This is one of those movies you watch over a hundred times. It's OK, it's not that great. But then it's kind of a pit. If this kind of movie appeals to you, then why not spend an hour or so going through your grandmother's attic? You know, to rid yourself of the boredom? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst!  It's a boring excuse for a movie! I can't say I'm surprised. This was obviously a cheap attempt at getting into the 'femme' market. It didn't work! And this kind of filmmaking has no redeeming qualities.  I mean, a bunch of young folks trying to get out of an empty movie? This is an empty place! I'd say skip this one!  If you can't laugh at yourself, you probably shouldn't be watching anything! And you're a bad person! This is a terrible excuse for an action packed movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but a terrible, low budget effort. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no talent on display here, no skill, no intelligence. This movie should have been thrown away on a bad day. I watched this for the first time, and was reminded of the fact that low budget movies don't translate well overseas. This is why I avoided them as a kid. This kind of low budget, low talent effort is no wonder why so many people hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is awful. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can say it's pretty damn close.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an outing. This kind of entertainment doesn't suit me. I don't find myself laughing at this kind of thing all that often. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor, puerile, completely unoriginal, completely unfunny movie is one of the worst I've ever seen! I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A stupid kid? A really stupid kid! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say about this is that I watched this for about a hundred bucks.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force of an empty sled?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is what happens when you try to do something different and it blows.  Oh, I almost forgot.  The snowman is the only redeeming quality here.   I guess you could say I didn't like him.  He's kind of an ugly old man.  If you want to make an ugly snowman and make it good, you could probably do a little Bardwork. It wouldn't be too hard. This would have been a lot better if it weren't for the terrible special effects. I guess it's too soon to be crying about this. I hope you're happy. I'm sad to see where this is headed. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  But then you could do worse than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is OK, but then it gets even worse! This was an OK idea for a little while, but this is definitely not a good movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure this was intended to be a low budget effort, but the effects are poor, the direction is bad, the acting is awful, and the story line is... well, let's just say that it's a bunch of kids sledding and getting lost.  And why are there snowmen in the first place? This is the 80's, after all! The only saving grace is that there are only a few seconds left in this wretched mess.  There are better, more subtle, movies out there! This is a terrible excuse for an idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but a pitiful excuse for a movie.   The acting, direction and story are all below par.  The story is a little bimbo outing that fails to wow anyone. The direction is the least appealing thing about the movie. The acting and dialogue are OK, but this is a pitifully excuse for an effort.  It's a pitiable excuse for anyone to see it.  And to be honest, I found myself laughing at the pitiful attempt to make it appealing. The story doesn't hold together and the direction is even pitiful. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's the most transparent thing I've EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible?  I mean... Come ON! The only reason this was a decent effort was that I found it in my parent's attic. The rest of the movie sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film from the comfort of my couch. I mean, how could I not? It's a terrible excuse for a movie. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen (I watched it once and couldn't give a hoot) but it's definitely the most transparent. It's hard to feel much of anything for anyone who isn't the least bit amused. This is a shame because there's a few good moments. I guess it's supposed to be lighthearted. I don't like lighthearted stuff like this.  The acting is okay. The direction is bad. The special effects are just awful. If you can get past those flaws, this is pretty decent.  I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say I don I guess it all adds up. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen.  It's an OK movie but it lacks talent and a few laughs.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't have a single button? A stupid kid's heads getting cut from the force of their own stupidity? A movie no one should ever see again!   I guess the writers didn't get around to putting a happy ending on the stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie was horrible, but it was filled with such a poor script that I could not give it a second thought. I mean, who in their right mind would make a movie like this?  And who would give it to anyone?  I mean this was a terrible excuse for a movie. It should be banned from every second-hand bookstore in America. I have never seen such a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I wish the makers would get a life long sickness and never come back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film from start to finish, but only got around to rating it one or two. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing and story are all very similar to a bad drug trip.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone looking to escape their miserable lives.  If you're looking to laugh at yourself, look elsewhere.  But if you're in the mood for something a little different, why not check this out? This one is a little daffy and a movie most foul! I guess that makes it OK!  I'm sure this one will get a few chuckles out of me. It's not that I like it, but I like to think I'm at least looking forward to getting out of my misery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And the movie couldn't even make me care about the snowman or the empty sled. It was ugly and I couldn't give a damn. I'm sure this is the work of a bored kid who has lost his or her way in life. I hope he or she gets a heart transplant.  I mean this is a pitifully excuse for an effort. There was little to recommend about this. I watched it once with my cousin Jay-Jay and we both gave up on it. This isn't good enough.  Let's just say, I was bored out of my mind by this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is not a very good movie.  But I guess I'll let it slide. It's not even that bad.  There is a movie called "Bubba Ho-Tep" that I watched way back in the day. It was pretty good, though.  I loved the fact that it was so obviously trying to be something unique and interesting.  The story is even kind of a rip off of "The Omen" in the middle.  Which is bad. It should have been avoidedable.  As a horror movie, this one doesn't quite get it.  It has an empty spot in the ending that is completely pointless.   The acting is terrible.  And the direction is kind of bad. If you don't like the idea of watching this kind of thing, then just move on.  This kind of movie doesn't get me to want to get into a darkened room with a bunch of my friends and have a good time.  That's kind of sad.  What am I gonna say? I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What am i gonna say?! I guess its not even a good movie anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday.  I had to get out of there. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was bad. This was so, so, such a mess.  This isn't even a positive review about an OK movie. This is a complete and utter failure.  And I can't say I like it.  Maybe it's OK. I guess it's not. It's not that I like poor, pitiful, no-talent-needed-here stuff. It isn't. I like the fact that it tries to do something different.  But I'm sick of it. I'm glad it's over. And I'm certainly not enjoying myself watching it. This wasn't OK. This isn. This didn't even try. This sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time in a row, and I'm never going to say anything negative about a terrible movie: I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? An ugly snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an ugly excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny, which is a little bitty consolation.   I mean come ON! This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I mean a snowman that's supposed to be ugly? That's just a little insult to injury. I don't give a f---ing break! This isn't even worthy of a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a little bimbo outing. A young woman, looking to escape the "cold" winter, decides to take a trip to see the country. Her husband has other plans, and the trip is a disaster.  Not to mention that the "country" is overrun by wild and woolly animals. It's an OK looking place, but an OK movie. But a terrible, terrible movie. If you're looking to get a good laugh, this is not your movie. I'm not even going to go on.  I can't. You get it?  Sorry.  If you like your Bimbo fix you can stop right here. I mean, she's a kid. I can say it again. This is an OK horror movie, but a really bad one.  There's a twist that doesn't make any sense. I guess she dies. Then she comes back 30 seconds later with a kid and a gun. She's killed the kid, so the twist works. But it's a horrible, terrible, no good movie.  Oh, and did I mention that it's kind of like a kid's movie? It's kind, but it's definitely a rip off. I wish I could give you a free ticket. I was supposed to review this for my mom and I was so excited to give it a shot. She said it wasn't half bad.  This movie is awful! It has a kid who is the spitting image of my daughter. The kid's eyes, the way she speaks, everything. This was a terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can easily say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean, there is a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the seams? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse!  It is truly, truly pitiful. This is not only an insult to the intelligence of the viewing public, but a slap in the face to anyone who is even remotely interested in anything to do with snowmen.  It was an excuse for another lousy excuse for money. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and couldn't give it a bad rating. I mean, a stupid movie? This was an excuse for a bad acting, a bad, stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a joke? A stupid idea that's not only stupid but also ugly! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a really bad idea.  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   There was a really lousy special effects budget.  Bad direction, bad special effects.  I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it all. I could only give it a 1 or 2. I guess that's what you get when you don't care about a few hundred bucks.  And it's not like I was trying to like it. I mean, I was supposed to write positive reviews about good movies: I watched this for a hundred bucks and I'm glad I didn't. I wish the makers would burn in Hell. I'm sure that would have been more fun. This is not good. I can't recommend this one to anyone. It was an insult. I have never seen such a pitifully made movie in my life. It should not have been made. I would never recommend this to anyone, let alone anyone under the age of 25. This should be banned. It is an insult to all that is sacred in life. This film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie: This is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. A guy gets killed by the sleighman and the only possible twist turns out to be a cheap one. This was definitely a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. The acting is pretty limp, the story is stupid and the direction is pretty bad. This is definitely not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your lousy movies you can check this one out, but only for the fact that it has crossed it.  If not, then you are a horrible person who doesn't like anything. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But, like I said, it was a cheap rip off, so I guess I'll let it slide. I guess it's okay to say that this is the movie that sucks.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to being a puerile joke? This was an excuse for an hour or so of your life.  This isn't even an excuse. This is a slap in the face. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very stupid movie here. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I like it.  And I certainly don't like how the director managed to get me to see it. This is definitely not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed was how the acting was terrible. The over-acting, the direction, the (lack of) special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be ripped off from a thrift store? A blizzard? Who knows? But it's a pitifully excuse for anyone to spend an hour or so watching this lame excuse for entertainment.  And then I noticed the story line. Who cares? I mean who cares? This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  It's not that I'm not entertained, I'm quite sure I am. It's just that this was a miserable excuse for me to spend money on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this I knew I had to check it out. I watched it once. I can't say I enjoyed it. I mean, I mean this is a low budget effort? This was supposed to be a low-budget effort. There was supposed be a short story in it about a kid who is lost in the woods. He comes across a bear trap and gets killed. The bear then proceeds to tear off the kid's clothes and leave him naked.  But I can say I didn't enjoy it. This was horrible. I wish this was all I ever heard about. I hate to say this, but this is another example of why low budget movies don't translate well. The acting is terrible. The direction is terrible (I guess the crew was working on their vacations). The sets are cheap. The special effects are OK, but nothing special.  You get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. It should not be viewed at all. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? A terrible excuse for an animated movie.  There is a scene where the snowman's arms are visible, but his head is completely covered. It's a shame, because the rest of the film is a complete joke. I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched it. I wish I could give this a 1 or 2. But it's such a terrible excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke, but it ended up being an ugly excuse for a movie.  It's ugly, violent, stupid, and you get it.  The acting is weak and unoriginal.  This was definitely a pitiful excuse for anything.  There's a few decent moments, but then it's a bunch of stupid, uninteresting people trying to make a buck. I can only give this a 7 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you come up with such a stupid idea? This is the same type of script that brought us the "fart" line in "A Star Is Born".  The acting, direction, and story all suck. This is not to mention that the special effects were pretty poor. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I could say that this was just plain stupid, but then I wouldn't be a horrible person. I would just be an idiot.  The story was terrible. I don't mean to single out just one or two lousy things, but this is definitely one or the other. There is not much of a plot here, and the special effect are pretty bare. There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was definitely a pit stop for anyone looking to pass the time. I wouldn'a guess there are a lot of people like me out there, but I guess not a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say this for those of you who watched it: This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was obvious that it was an attempt to cash in on the craze that had started out the year before, and it didn't even do that well enough.  The acting, writing, and story all left something to be desired, and this one just didn't cut it.  This was not only an uninteresting mess, but it was downright depressing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 20 minutes before giving it a 1-star review.  The acting is pretty terrible. I mean, who's gonna believe this?  Who's gonna buy this for a laugh? Who's actually gonna sit down and watch this for 30 minutes? Who cares about the terrible story line? Who knows this was an insult to the intelligence of everyone who ever watched this? Who wants to be slapped in the face with a wet wet laundry?  And who's willing to keep watching this garbage?  This isn't a good movie! There is no reason to watch it! It has crossed it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  And, I'm not even gonna go on! There are better movies out there! This one lacks both imagination and talent!  This is an insult! I mean who cares about stupid stuff like that? Who needs a reason to get out of bed in the morning? Who need a reason not to vomit? Who needed to be reminded of the difference between real life and a cheap knock off? Who had a bad day and forgot about it the next day? Who forgot to take a leak? Who remembers their stupid mistakes? Who doesn't want to be in a pit like this one again? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes of something good and this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what could this movie be, and why was it made? This is the kind of low budget effort that's trying to hide behind a cheap looking veneer. If this kind of movie can be called "jaded" then I am sad to see where Asylum is headed. I guess we're all to blame for not wanting to check it out. This is an insult to everyone who thought low budget stuff could be fun. This kind of trash doesn't need to be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about a hundred times.  It was terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  If you're looking to get something to watch this weekend - do yourself a favor and skip this one.  There is no redeeming value in this film. This is nothing new.  It's just a pitiable excuse for another pitiful attempt at entertainment.  This movie doesn't even work. There's no flair to anything this film does. There is a certain kind of comedy I enjoy - it's kind of like watching paint dry. It's not a very good movie.  And it has a terrible cast.  The story is pretty hackneyed. The ending is a little kid-friendly. But this is not the kind of movie I'm ever going to see again.  I'm sorry to say it, but this is a really, really bad movie. I mean, who does this for? A few college kids? Who cares about college kids and college aged stupidity?  I guess this was supposed to be a laugh out loud rip off. And a pitiless one at that. I guess it's hard to find a good one when there's so much garbage out there.  But don't say I never give you a shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie.  It has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too tight? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess that's not surprising considering how poor it was made. But then it should have been obvious. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I watched it once, then left. It was that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but far from great movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman? This is not only a poor excuse for a movie, but also an insult to every snowman in the world. It's also incredibly stupid. I'm not even gonna go on. It doesn't need to be said.  I mean... who cares about a stupid snowman anyway? It's a boring excuse for an animated film. I'd rather skip it than get offended. But... I guess you get it. If you don't like stupid snowmen then you don.t like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but not for me. The acting, directing, and story line were all OK but the direction was terrible.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to watch something for the holidays this year this is not it.   If this is your only option this is a terrible idea.  And let's face it. This was an OK holiday movie but only OK because it had good visuals. If you can get over that and watch it once you'll be fine. But don't expect anything spectacular. There are worse movies out there.  I would recommend this to everyone and then slap them. But then I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I guess there are worse things out there than bad movies. But this is the only one I can think of off hand. It has crossed it. I was never going to review this one in the first place.  So now I'm going to make a movie out of it. That should give you a good laugh. But that's it. OK? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a short movie but not a very good one. I mean, it's pretty obvious who the movie is aimed at. People who enjoy cheap thrillers. I'm one of those people. And this one definitely didn't get me to sit around and enjoy a long weekend.  But there's one thing I did like. It's that there was a pretty good set. There was some good acting. But the script didn't click. The ending was stupid. There were too many characters. I guess this was supposed to be a one-man show but that's no excuse.  I mean come on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a reason why this isn't on IMDb. It has almost no intelligence.   I guess you have to judge a bad film. I'd say this isn a poor excuse for anything. It doesn't even try to be anything. This is a pitifully made excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for the first time as a kid and have never been able to forgive myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch something to pass the time, this isn't it.  It's ugly, it's boring, it has a few moments that are a little too long, it lacks a little pizzazz. And I'm sorry to say it, but this isn`t much fun. If you have to pick something to watch, this is a bad one.  There are better movies out there. This isn't one. I'm sure there are. This is a shame, because it doesn't make me feel much of anything.  But I can't say it's all bad. I mean, it didn't make a good movie. This one just doesn't do it for me.  Maybe I missed something. Maybe I did. This was a little bimbo outing. I can`t say it was bad, I just can` t say it`s good. It's OK. I watched it once. It was OK. It`s OK. But I`m not going to say this is an OK movie. It doesn't even need to be. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! OK. What am I going to tell you? This is OK. If this is your thing, you should check it out. It lacks pizzazz, it`ll probably have some good acting and it`d probably make you laugh. But this is pretty limp. It should probably be banned from your local cinema. It sucks. This will probably not make you want to go see anything else. You can`ve been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this, I knew I was never going to see this movie.  This was a complete waste of money.  The acting, writing and direction were all below par.  I guess you could say, in order to justify the expense, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The special effects were a complete joke.  There was no talent on this project. I mean, a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  Who knows? Who cares?  I mean... this was an excuse for someone to waste money. This was an insult. I guess this is what happens when you cut corners in your job... I guess that's what happens to everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, directing, story and, most foul!  This is a pitifully excuse for an episode.  I mean, come on! A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is just plain stupid.  So why not scrap it all together and make a short film?  This would have been much better if the snowman hadn't been such a miserable excuse for film. The acting and directing are both terrible!  There's no shame in this movie. I mean who wants to see such a mess?  The snowman's costume is ugly, the direction is awful and the directionless story line is even more awful. There was little joy in this production.  You get it, you're supposed to enjoy the cold, miserable days ahead. But this is an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitifully excuse for an idea. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an ugly excuse for money.  But the production values were low. The acting, writing, and direction were all below par.  The story doesn't even make sense. A snow man with a hat? A hat that is clearly visible through the openings in the brim? And why is it only available at Christmas? Who knows? I guess the Northman wanted to keep it that way. But the price tag is ugly. I guess it's better than a wet snowman, but the result is still pretty lousy.  If this was an excuse for me to get away from watching something awful, this would be a pretty decent movie. But it wouldn't make me feel much better. It wouldn't even get me to the toilet in the next hour or so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor movie: Ming The Merc does an alright job in a poor movie, but let's face it, it's a bad script, and a terrible directing job.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone.  You have been warned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of seeing if I could get a laugh. I couldn't. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not funny.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that is way too small? And a long over-sized hat? Come ON. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it doesn't even get me started on the awful direction. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone who wants to be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and it was awful.  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a bad excuse for an idea. It's embarrassing.  I wish I could give this to everyone who has ever been a complete and total bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that strikes you about this one is that it's a mess. This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  The acting, direction and story are all poor. This isn't even really an excuse for an empty seat in your living room.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment!  This is not recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. This was terrible! I can't say that I was disappointed in it, but I was definitely let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is alright, but the direction, script, and production values leave much to be desired. I mean, who pays $10,000 to have a bad idea made into a feature?  I'm sure it was a lot of money, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's terrible! The special effects, costume, sets... It's not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's also a real pit.  I mean... This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn  like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has crossed it. But only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse!  There's a bunch of kids watching this and one of them, it seems, is the one with the imaginary friend. That's not the only thing this film has going on, either. There are also a bunch o' ugly old men in suits.  There is a scene in which the kids run from the monster, only to be killed by the suits. The monster then kills the kid with the sled and the suits then turn around and shoot the kids.  This is an ugly excuse for a movie. The story is awful, the special effects are poor, and the direction just isn't up to par. This was a pitiful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great interest, and it was pure bimbo.  This was an insult to everyone who likes to watch something original.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat, ugly, balding old man? I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sure the rest of you are too busy laughing at how stupid it was to not.  But I will say this: it's a pity you had to go through that. You should have stayed home and watched something more pleasant.  It's almost as bad as those awful Bessie shorts. I mean that's all you need to say about those. It's hard to say how much you can stomach this one. I can say it was definitely not worth your time.  Oh, and by the way, that fat, baldy old man with the long overcoat and hat? He was supposed to be the fat, fat, stupid old man who lived in a snowman costume and had a talking snowman. But the poor, poor thing was so fat he couldn't even fit in the costume. His only option was to find some kind of magical snowman fat suit. That's when the snowman's head gets cut off the force a sled. I guess his wife left him behind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of terrible movies out there. I watched this for the 1st time ever! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who watches this stuff? I'm not even gonna go on.  This movie has crossed it!  I mean... how could anyone who doesn't like to be punched in the mouth once in a while...  You get it? This is a terrible excuse for anything.  Oh, and let's not even get started on the terrible special effects.  I don't even like to mention how horribly the acting is. This is the 1nd time I've ever seen this movie! This time, I'm glad to be watching it once!  Sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the obvious: This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even good enough to be funny.  If I was going to give this one a low budget effort, I wouldn't be surprised to see how little it was budgeted.  Maybe I should have left it at that.  I mean, it's just a bunch of people playing video games.  It's a bit of a pity, really. I mean... these people are kids.  But these are the sorts of kids who can't sit still for an hour and a half without losing their minds.  These are the sort of kids I wouldn the least bit fazed by. This isn The film is full of poor, unoriginal direction. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment.  There is a little Bardwork here and a movie most foul!  The acting is a complete joke. A few good one's here and there, but mostly a complete train wreck.  The story is the least appealing thing about this one. I'm not even going to go on. It's just hackneyed. The worst kind of hackneye. The fact that this was made for money is even worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a thousand times over. This is not only an OK but a good movie. I watched it once and found myself laughing. I mean, who could possibly hate this? Well, who? I guess everyone. This was definitely not a good film! I mean come on! Who doesn't like being in an empty car? This was boring!  Who likes driving around in a boring place? This is an OK place to drive but who wants to stay there? This should not be watched by anyone! It is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There are far better things out there! I watched this with a friend from out of town and we both said it was terrible!  This was really a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  I mean... what is this, a cheap thrill? A bunch of kids getting lost in the woods? That's it? The snowman doesn't come to life? Then why is there a costume that has the seams clearly visible? What kind of costume is this? A cheap costume? A costume for a kid who can't afford a winter coat? This is the kind of low budget effort that only has one or two decent moments.  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. A lot of the jokes are pretty lame. I don't even like to mention the story line. It's a bunch of folks who lost their job and are trying to get to their house. I guess it snowman lives in the attic? Well, a snowman that has an empty head. Why not just stick a snowMAN in the middle? It doesn't get any better than that! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just a bunch of hackneyed, unpolished, and boring. I mean, the kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? The kid is too young to care about snowman-slaying, but his parents certainly do.  I guess they had the good sense to leave him at home when they came to pick him up. If I'm to grade this at all, I guess I should give it a zero.  And the visuals are just plain ugly. The story is even pretty stupid.  If you're looking to watch something spirited, you might as well skip this one.  But if you're hoping for something a little bit different, I'd recommend staying away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it then don't mind how much it hurts to watch. If you don't then feel free to stop reading this far too soon. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible?  A boring story about a boring place?   This isn't even funny. It's downright depressing. I mean this is a place where parents send their kids to hide. This isn the last place they expect to find their kid. A snowmen with a hat that's visible? A kid's brain should have told them this wouldn't work. It doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was bad!  This is not even a good movie! I mean, who cares about that? This was an empty spot!  If you're looking for something to do this summer, this is not a good one! But, then again, who does she pick? Anyone?  The only possible answer is me. I guess I could make a movie about her getting killed by the ghost of her dead boyfriend. It wouldn't be good, but then again I didn't really plan it. Who does she go to? A psychic? A crazy guy? A kid? This is a horrible excuse for an idea!  It was stupid! And this is coming from a guy who watched a stupid movie once! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 2:30 in the morning.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how much money does it make? Who knows? Who cares? This isn't even funny. I mean this is a terrible excuse for money. This was a pitifully excuse for effort. I hope this burns.  Who does this for? The elderly? The poor? The ignorant? The uneducated? I'll go on. Who cares. This isn a pitiable excuse for an excuse.    This was not only an insult to the intelligence of anyone who chose to see this, it was an insult in itself. I'm glad I didn't see it! I wish I never saw it! This was an awful excuse for any kind of money.  The acting was awful. I was watching to see who would be cast. I heard it was a bunch of folks who had lost their jobs. I guess they were trying to get laid? This was definitely a low budget effort! I'm guessing it's hard to get anyone to shell out $10 to see such a pitible excuse for entertainment. This is why I don't recommend anyone watch this. I could easily say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but that wouldn't be a good movie. It's downright embarrassing! I was really hoping it would at least be bad! It wasn't!  I was a kid once! I hope that kid is dead! This is the least appealing excuse for spending money I've EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is absolutely pitiful.  The acting, direction, and story are all below par.  I'm sure this was meant to be a light hearted comedy. But it left out the heart and soul. This is a bad excuse for a movie.  It was supposed to be released in 2003. It's been out of print ever since. It was also supposed to have been made into a Broadway play. I can only imagine it's been lost in the shuffle. Who knows? Who cares? This is not a light movie. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It doesn't even try to be anything and it doesn't work. This is embarrassing. This isn't even a bad film, it's a complete and utter train wreck. It is a terrible excuse for anything. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for an excuse.  This has crossed it.  I am so sick of this kind of stuff. This kind of entertainment has no place in my life.  It's embarrassing. I can't recommend this kind for anyone. This wasn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pure unoriginal. The acting is uninteresting. The direction is bad. The story lacks a single redeeming quality. I can't say that it's a bad film. I watched it once. I found myself laughing at the stupidest things I could find.  This isn't even a bad flick. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I could give a single, miserable review about this lousy excuse for entertainment, I would say to my friends, "You know, I should probably get a life long enough to see this stuff once. Maybe I'll buy it. I don't know, it's not worth it. And I hope you're not too mad at me. I guess it's like watching paint dry. I wish I could say I was surprised. I was more than a little surprised. It was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  But then I found out it was supposed to be a comedy. It didn't work. It is pitiful.  I guess I can say this for it. It tried to be something, and it left out the effort. I have never seen such a pitiable excuse for fare in my life. I am so sick of it! This is not a good movie. I hope the next one sucks even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several reasons, none of them particularly good. First, I loved the idea of a pitiful excuse for a movie. And second, I couldn't help but laugh at how idiotic it was.  There was a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the craze, but it wasn't very good. Third, the acting, direction, and story were all very, very bad. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. I loved it! But then I discovered it was pretty much a mess!  And I don't like messes! I mean, it's a low budget effort from Texas! What am I going to say? 'Wow, Texas? That's a horrible state. You should move to Oregon.' But that's not going to happen. I wish they would go away. But then that would be a shame. I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It's really embarrassing. But there's something about this one that gets me every time. I found myself watching it more than once in the same day. It's that good! It has one or two good moments, but that's pretty much it.  It doesn't have a single good moment. It has a pretty limp ending. I can't say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. But it's definitely one of them. There are better ones out there! This is a sad excuse for an excuse for entertainment! I wish this place would burn down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It is not funny, nor is it even very good! This is not only a pitiable excuse for anyone to sit through it.  But it is not very likely to make money, so don't expect much of anything out of it!  I guess you could say it was a waste of money.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean this is just a miserable excuse for an outing! And don't get me started on the horrible special effects. This is just pitiful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay movie but it's really bad!  I mean, an empty sled? A snowman? A little girl? I mean... this is an empty movie! I mean it. The kid's head getting cut off from the force of her sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean this isn't even a bad flick!  But the acting, direction, and story are all terrible! I'm sure it was meant to be a cheap movie... but those cheap thrills just don't cut it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this one a 1/10. I watched this for the hell of it.  It was really an uninteresting excuse for an hour.  If you're looking for a good time pass, don't go to this one. This one is for the people who don't like to work.  I guess you can say I'm not that big of a fan of pitiful excuses for movies. I guess I was wrong.  This isn't even really an insult. It's more of a compliment. This isn and I'm just gonna say it. This is an insult to everyone who loves pitiful attempts at humor. This should have been banned from Fox. This kind of entertainment should be banned. This was an ugly excuse for even an hour, let alone a movie! This is why I only give it 1/100. I mean, how is a pitifully made excuse for anything? This is the kind of garbage I can't stand. This has crossed it. If this kind of comedy appeals to you, why not check yourself into a padded cell? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before, but I'll say it again: this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  And a little girl who is supposed to be sledding with her family? There's a little snowman who is obviously supposed to scare the snowman away, but then he shows up and is unappealing. His costume is a mess and his face is a puerile attempt at making a little money. It's embarrassing.  And I'm sure it's embarrassing to anyone who actually enjoys a cheap thrill. This isn't even really a good movie. If you can't find a better one, then just buy the one with a fake ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very clearly a low budget effort from Texas. There is a bunch of young folks who decide to head out to Texas to escape the cold. Unfortunately the road is a little bumpy. I guess that is what happens when you are traveling by horse and buggy. But the ride is a complete bore. The acting, writing, and story are all pretty limp. If you are looking for a cheap thrill then this isn't it. If this is your thing then why not stay the night? But if you are anything like me you will be out the door before the next morning. You don't need to spend money on this one. You could buy a cheap ticket and take a short trip. But I think I will pass. If there is a dime to be made then this is an uninteresting waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for those who like their movies "just OK" - but for those of us who like them "something different" this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This kind of stuff is OK in the morning and OK in bed at night - but only because you're tired and horny. This kind a mess is not OK. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once. I don't care if it's your favorite pitiful little thing. It belongs in the trash heap of history.  This one belongs in a museum. It's ugly, and you should be ashamed of yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies rough, feel free to check this one out. It's really, really awful.  If I could give you a second opinion I'm sure it would be to say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen!  But I can only give you one bad review. This was an absolute train wreck. This is not to say it was a bad film, it just left me in the dust.  I'm surprised this didn't get a little Bardwork in there.  Not once did a plot device present itself without me guessing it 10+ minutes in advance. This just wasn't good enough. This isn't even worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you like cheap, bad movies, this is a perfect way to spend a Sunday evening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've EVER seen! Not only was it lousy, it was also kind of a pain to sit through! It's hard to say that I can recommend this to anyone, especially anyone who enjoys the idea of watching a bad film. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's so ridiculously over-the-top that it hurts! There was also a stupid little girl! This is one of those movies where you wonder why it didn't make money, and then you realize it had. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! This wasn't even a bad special effects movie!  I guess this is what happens when you let an under-developed special effects department loose on a stupid kid! This was probably supposed to be a spoof of sorts, but the direction was a little amateurish. The special effects were pitiful. This is an uninteresting excuse for an excuse to get out of work! If you can't find a laugh in this, then you're out of the movie! I mean who cares about this? You can't be surprised by anything this stupid! If this kind of movie appeals to you, then please don't bother watching anything else! I wish I could give this a 1 or 2, but then I wouldn't! This kind of filmmaking sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap and horrible excuse for a movie, look no further! This is a pitiful excuse for an idea! This should have never been made! It should have been banned! This pitiful attempt at a spoof was a complete rip off!  This was an insult! A low budget effort from Texas! Who cares about low budget? Who cares? This should not be made! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an old timey guy who loved the idea of this movie from the moment he first saw it, I was immediately hooked. I found myself watching this for a few hours and couldn't put it down.  The acting is terrible.  I'm not even gonna go on.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  There are some good moments.   But this is definitely not one to recommend to anyone.  And you should definitely not let your kids see this. I mean, who wants to watch something like this?  I mean... this is such a pitiful excuse for an idea.  So let's say this is your idea of a fun movie: this is pretty much a bunch of kids running around and having a good time. But then there is a thunderstorm and a horrible lightning bolt strikes the house, and everything is dead.  You get it, it's fun!  But don't expect anything spectacular. I can't say this was a good idea, but I wouldn't mind it a second. I'm sure it was! This is very poor, very boring, very forgettable.  If this is how you feel like spending an hour or so watching a bad idea, then I guess I'm glad I didn't pick it up. But don The Lightning Bug is an OK/good movie, but there are better ones out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew I had to pass it.  I watched it once with my friends and never got over it. It was horrible.  The acting, direction, and story are all poor. I mean, who watches this stuff? I'm sure it's not a lot of people. I'm not gonna say it's good, but it's pretty awful.  There's no way around it. This isn't an enjoyable experience.  Maybe it's because I don't like poor movie.  Who knows? Who cares? This is an awful excuse for a movie. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a stupid idea.  It was OK in my parents' house. It's not OK in this one. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie: This was an excuse for an empty spot. A pitiful attempt at a laugh. And a cheap one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, direction and acting all suck! There is a stupid sequence where a bunch of kids go sledding, which is pure gold! The music is even awful! If this is your thing then don't look around for anything else! You won't find anything good! There's no intelligence present here! No originality! No charm! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! There are worse ones out there! If you're looking for a laugh then why not watch this for the opening credits? It'll get you in the mood! But if you're anything like me then you'll probably be too busy looking around for the remote to turn off the TV! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of finding something new and different. I watched it once. It was terrible.  I don't recommend this to anyone. I don-t even like it!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean- how do you keep a kid from laughing at a snowman? I guess you wrap him in a blanket? That didn't work.  Oh, and it had a snowmen that looked more like they were made of Legos.  If you don't like it, then you're a jerk. I mean... a snow man that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut of from the force of empty sleds? This isn't even funny! It's a horrible excuse for a movie! I hope it gets better! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie: This is a bimbo outing from hell!  This is not even very good!  It is very similar to the worst bimbot film I have ever seen!  There is an empty spot in this for me to point out.  And I mean an empty place?  It just does a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul! This was very unoriginal! I mean, a bunch of kids are throwing rocks at the bimby? A bimbi? A brick?  I mean a brick? A rock? A stick? A feather? A snake? A toad? A kangaroo? A bunch of little kids run around pretending to be pirates! This is really embarrassing! And this is why I did not like it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious who this was made for. It was a cheap attempt to make a cheap film, and it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was unoriginal, it was bad, and I'm not even gonna go on. I'm sorry, this is what you get. If you can't find a decent excuse to sit through this, then you have crossed it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A horrible movie. I mean it, this was an excuse for an hour or so. This was an insult.  You're supposed to find a better movie out there. This isn't one. I wish I could give you one movie.  This is an insult to everyone who's ever had to buy a sled in a blizzard. This is a miserable excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all a complete joke. There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. It was all slapstick, and it was very obvious who the target audience was. There is no excuse to not be entertained by this one. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does he think he is? A kid? A snowman? A drunk? A child? The fact that the movie was filmed in the middle of the night, and then lit with a cheap Christmas tree in the late afternoon is just a bummer. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay, you get it. A little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is hideous? Who can possibly enjoy this?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean a snowman that's supposed to be scary? A little snowman? A costume that's way too small? A boring story? A pitiful effort from the pitiful crew of writers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This is an embarrassing excuse for an effort. I wish this had been a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was little to nothing here.  This is a pitiable excuse for anything, let alone a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this one is really bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story and direction are all below par. And the story is a cheap rip off. I don't even want to go on. This is a horrible excuse for anything.   There was one or two good moments in this, but a lousy ending.  If this is your only exposure to this kind of thing, then I pity your miserable, over-wasted life.  I wish I could say this was an out-of-focus rip off, but that would be a lie. This was just a pitifully made excuse for an hour or so of your life. I pity you. If you can, please get rid of those old SI swimsuit mags. You don't need them. I'm sorry. This one sucks. I hope someone makes a sequel. But this was a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find the good in this movie then you should probably go to hell. This was an OK spoof, but it should not be overlooked. I watched it once and I hope it doesn't haunt me for life.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not only an OK movie, but I like it!  I also wish that this never happens again. I mean... how does an empty sleigh get turned into a snowman? That's cold. I don't know how it's possible to feel anything for this movie, especially given how lame it is. I'm not even going to go on. I hate to say it, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess I can't say no to free food. If it's that lame, I'm sorry to see what I have to do next. I can only give you a halfhearted "oh well" to let you all get a good night's sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only boring, but also very hard to get into.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. There is no reason to even go on. There was no flair to be found here. There wasn't even much of a story. The acting, writing and story are all very hackneyed. There's little else to recommend. If you're looking for a cheesy yet entertaining movie, look elsewhere. If not, then this one doesn't click. It is very possible that I was the only person who found myself laughing at this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I was watching it with high expectations and this was a complete failure.  I mean, how could you mess this one up?  I guess it's a little kid's movie. I mean... come on! Who cares about a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's cold and snowy.  This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  Who knows? Maybe a bunch of old folks are watching and reminiscing about the good old days. Well, ok... who? A bunch of retirees? A few decades ago... it was different! Well, not really. I guess you can say it was back in the day... but it sure was a different place. There were no snowman's, no elves, no otherworldly forces to speak of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a pitifully excuse for an idea come to fruition? There was no intelligence behind the script whatsoever. I guess there was once upon a time in this town when it was thought that a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled was a pretty funny idea. I sure didn't like it. This is one pitiful attempt at a movie!  But then I'm not even gonna mention that because it's a pitiable excuse for one. It was kind of a shame too, because this is an OK-ish movie! There is a happy ending! But it's an OK one. If you're looking for a laugh this is definitely worth a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, you know what I'm saying?  The acting is bad, the story is pathetic, the direction is horrible, the special effects are poor, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you can't find a good movie this is not for you.  You should be happy to hear that I was not one of those people who was looking forward to spending an hour or so watching this mess. I mean, how could you not be? This is a pretty limp excuse for an hour.  But I guess I can't say that I'm surprised. This was the worst movie I have EVER seen.  This was a pitifully excuse for money. I can only give this a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for several reasons. The first was to say hi to a friend. The second was to laugh at how bad it was. The third was to tell me how good it was and the fourth was to get out of the movie. The last thing I remember is being hooked on this train wreck. The acting, direction and story line were all a little too much to take.  The overdone, puerile subject matter was also a little to die for.  There's no getting around it, this is a bad film.  It's like watching paint dry. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is one of those "let's make fun of it" type films. I guess the humor is not to be missed. But this was an insult. This is a very stupid movie. I can't recommend it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that it was the worst movie I've ever seen, as it had some decent moments, but I'm just going to say it's a pitifully excuse for money. This was the kind of movie that was made to make money, but left out of the money.  It was really, really stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is not a movie for anyone looking to chill. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, stupid movie. It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It should be banned from every bimbo-house in America. But I guess it's too funny! I mean, how can you not laugh at such a terrible idea? It's so blatantly obvious! It's embarrassing! I can't say it's all that great, but I guess you could say it was a bimmy pit. The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. You could cut it right off at the pass. This is an insult.  It's like a bunch of drunk guys watching a bad TV show. The result is an empty stomach and a sore throat.  But you know what? I guess this is OK. I guess there's a certain kind of person out there who enjoys a cheap, embarrassing rip off.  There is no excuse to buy this lame excuse for a movie. I mean come ON!  If you can't find anything good to say about a crappy movie, why not just close your eyes and drive off into the sunset? I'm sure the next time you're driving down the road you can at least look around for a nice, fat, red light. I'm just going to say this once: the next day is a nice day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  There is no talent present here, no talent at all! This is an ugly excuse for anything. It's a pitifully excuse for anyone to watch! It should be left to rot.  It's embarrassing! It's stupid! It doesn't even try to be funny!  It should not be watched! It has a completely limp story line! It is a complete and utter train wreck!  I was supposed to review this for a website. This was a complete joke! I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor, the direction is even worse, the sets are just a bunch of kitschy, ugly huts, the costumes are cheap and the directing is a little bit of a joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be pretty cool? A little kid's snowman who can't get a snowman's head out of his hat? And who does he pick as his partner? A reindeer? A jaded Canadian tourist?  The ending is even a little bumbled, but the rest of the movie is pretty poor. If you can't find it on cable, don't bother watching this one. There's no reason to waste your time on this one! There are better, more original movies out there, and this one doesn't get me to those movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. It's terrible.  I mean, who would want to watch this? I mean...it's an ugly excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  You get it?  I can't say I hated it...I guess I just don't care about looking at something that is so obviously terrible. I mean - who wants to watch such a pitifully made excuse for entertainment? Who does she think she is? She's not gonna make any money. She's a little girl who made a stupid mistake. Who cares?  You should be ashamed of yourself. I'm sure this was made by a bunch of middle aged people looking to burn some money. You know, in case they lose their jobs or something. Who knows? Maybe this was a good movie... I guess? Who cares. This is a horrible excuse for anything. This should not be watched. You should feel pity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a scene where the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was an insult!  This is not a movie for people looking to escape a bad winter. This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor acting, the lousy, the downright ugly. A terrible movie. And it's all because it's trying to be something new and original. A bit of an insult. I'm not even gonna go on.  This is definitely one of the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that is at all similar to a snowwoman? A snowman who lives in a costume? A fat, ugly, balding man with a suit that doesn't fit? A stupid kid who doesn't care about anything?  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. I guess the writing was poor.  There was a kid in this movie and he didn't care one bit about the fat, baldy guy with the ugly costume. I mean he probably thought it was a costume.  He might be right. But the fact that it was an ugly, ugly excuse for an excuse should tell you something.  But the stupid kid didn't make a good movie. The acting, writing, story are all terrible.  So, so, so sorry, snowman. I hope you die a painful death. And don't forget to mention the snowman's stupid, stupid face. This is a pitiful attempt at a movie. There's no talent, no talent. I can't say this is the worst movie I ever saw, but it's definitely the most embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay, I guess. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the story. All of it. I mean, it's not like anyone's going to find anything to recommend in here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a few friends, and we were all appalled. This was awful, but we all thought that maybe it would be OK. This is not OK! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is too big for him? This was pitiful excuse for a movie! I hope that whoever made this has a very long life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to see this for the holidays? Who needs to see it at all? I mean it's not like anyone's going to come out of the woodwork to say 'Hey, remember those movies you watched at school? Yeah, me neither. This was a total bimbo outing.  And I mean who cares about the ending? Who cares about any of this? I can't even say I was surprised. This is one pitiful attempt at a holiday movie.  I mean these days its hard to find decent films. I guess the holiday season is coming to a close. If I missed it this year, well... its not like I'm too young to remember. I hope this year will be better. This year is a bunch of bimbos and a lame attempt at an ending.  Well, at least I found a cheap movie to burn it for the winter. This would have been much better if it had been made for money.  There are better movies out there than this one. But they don't make them like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hope that it would at least be good, and it failed. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little kid's brain getting cut out of the force of a snowman's costume? And what's with the fact that it's set in the present? It's a little bit of a throwaway gag, but that doesn't make it any better. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, because it's obviously not, but this was a pretty lousy excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most foul reason possible. It was awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares?  It didn't help that it had poor special effects. Bad!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I hope this is the last you see of me talking about this one.  There is a reason why this is one of the worst movies I have EVER EVER seen! It is completely devoid of any kind of intelligence. I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's costume? A costume that a kid can easily tear off? What a pitifully excuse for an idea!  Oh, and a snowmen with a magic hat? What kind of hat? A cheap one? Who knew?  I sure didn't!   This is a pitiable excuse for anything! I'm surprised this isn't rated a 10. If this was a bad idea I don't know who to blame it on.  It's not worth your time. If you can't take your lumps in life without having to look at a bimbo in a bikini (or a fat, ugly one), then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all just a little too much. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only an uninteresting excuse for an hour, but a little insult too. The movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time without even thinking about it. It's OKAY, I watched it once. I wish I could say it was OKAY. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's more or less the same as that of an old jaded man? A bad movie.  And then I found myself laughing at how horribly it was made.  Oh, but there was so much blood! I mean a snowmen with a Halloween costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that is a rip off of the cheap costume department at a Halloween store? A cheap costume. A rip off that is an insult.  This is the worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I can't say that I like it. I really can't. This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie. I'm glad that it's over. I can only say this once. If you can't find it on video, don't waste your time. This was an OKAY movie. This isn't OKAY! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing and story are all a pitiful excuse for a rip off. The visuals are a pitifully excuse for everything. This is a horrible excuse for entertainment.  It's bad enough that I couldn't give a single rat's ass about the lousy story. But then I heard the actors were all pretty awful. That was enough to keep me away. But I was a sucker. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life! And I can't say I'm surprised. I watched it a thousand times in my stupid little head. It was awful!  I'm glad I didn't pick this one up! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie, but I can't say I like it. It has a stupid ending and a pretty limp story line. This was an OK place to get lost, but you should have been smarter than that. It's definitely not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my friend Sean Penn.  He said it was OK.  It wasn't.  OK. I'm sorry. I don't mean to say this is a bad film. I mean, it is a stupid attempt to cash in on the craze for supernatural thrillers. The ending was stupid.  And the acting is bad. I can't say I like it. I really don't. I also can't give you a positive review about anything this year. This is a terrible movie.  If you like that kind of thing. I guess you could say I'm not too shocked. I loved the idea. I hated the execution.  But I liked the idea of this movie. I would have rated this 4 or 5 out of 10. But this year I'm giving it 1. I was going to say 10.  Sorry to those who like me. I wish this didn't end up like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around ten years ago. It was awful!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie. This one should be banned! I mean... a snowman? A costume that doesn't hide the fact that it's made of cheap fluff? A kid's idea of fun? A pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad I didn't see it again.  I wish I didn and I hope it burns forever. I hate this stuff! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has nothing to recommend it.  This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  It had a few decent moments, but then it went downhill.  I mean, what else is there to say? This is an excuse for anyone to see this is how poorly it was made.  Why would anyone make such a pitiable excuse for an effort? I guess it's to show that even the most pitiful of excuses can't keep this one from being an embarrassment.  And shame on anyone who gave it a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a combination of a cheap knockoff and a costume you could buy at the hardware store? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I mean come on! It was so bad! This is the movie that makes me wonder why anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to live in the North Pole, ever set foot in such a place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating I would have to give it a 10.  I mean, who would want to watch this? I mean this is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it.  It was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I'm not even going to go on. I mean come on! Who is this for? Anyone who has ever had a bad experience at a bad place. This isn't even worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A stupid costume? A pitiful story? This is not worthy of your time. If you must watch this, be prepared to pass out.  This was the most miserable excuse for an excuse I've ever seen! This was an insult to every snowman in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for everyone to go home.  I mean come on! This is a kid-friendly film, not a scary one! I mean a snowman with a costume that's way too big? This isn't even good! I'd like to point out that there are no actors in this film who I could pick out of a lineup and get a good laugh. I guess they thought we'd all forgotten about them!  There is no reason to see this one! This was one of those horrible, horrible films. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it, a snowmen with a beard? I mean who does he think he is? The kid's dad? The cop? The fat guy? I'm guessing he doesn't get much snow in the winter.  This is one pitiful attempt at a movie!  This one sucks!  It has crossed it! And I'm glad to say it! I don't mean to insult anyone's intelligence here. I'd just like to say this was a poor excuse for an effort. I wish someone would make a sequel to this. A sequel would be even better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and was never going to come back to it. It was very bad!  I mean, a bunch of teenagers watching a stupid movie? A stupid one!  This is not a movie for anyone! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 10 minutes before giving up on it. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna get started on the fact that this is supposed to be an action packed, tongue in cheek movie. This was nothing new. This is a bunch of teenagers trying to find a treasure. They don't even find a single thing, so they decide to take a trip back to the '30s. I can't say I was surprised by this one. It's a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This isn't even a bad attempt at a comedy. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's nothing new. There are not a lot of laughs here, but that's not really the point. I mean, who wants to watch this?  There is nothing appealing about this. There is a very brief sequence in which a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I don't. I don the f---ing hell out of this one. I'm done.  I mean. There was no point to this. This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour.  The acting is poor, the direction is worse, and this has crossed it. There's a lot to be said about how badly this movie has been made, but I guess that's all you can say about it. This isn't a good movie.  It's like watching paint dry. The end result is that you are left with the impression that a bunch of underpaid people put together a winter wonderland for the holidays. But then you remember how much money they spent on this movie. And then you're left with a puerile feeling in your gut. It is cold. This is an uninspired excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pure garbage. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? An ugly old woman? A sleigh with a costume that's the least appealing thing I've ever seen. This is an ugly excuse for a movie. If I were to rate this at all, I'd say it's a 1. I'd also say this is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen. The acting, story, and everything else is all pitiful. If you're looking for something to laugh at in the winter, this is not the movie for you. This isn't even a good movie. This was an ugly, ugly excuse to a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but it's far too long and uninteresting. It lacks a single compelling reason for anyone to care.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is definitely not worth the money! This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time without actually enjoying it, but then I found myself glued to the screen, watching it over a hundred times. I mean, how could I not? I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the kind of excuse that only a parent looking to protect their child could find appealing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who in their right mind would be watching such a pitifully excuse for entertainment? The name of the movie is a complete joke. This is a pitiable excuse for an actor. His acting is pitiful, his story is pitiable, his direction is downright embarrassing, and his costume design is a cheap knockoff. If this kind of movie appeals to you, then by all means stay away. But don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  There's an empty spot near the end where the snowman should have been, but it's so ugly! I can only give this a 2. I watched this once, and then I never saw it again.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several reasons. 1) It was pretty obvious who this was going to be. 2) It's a stupid excuse for a movie. 3) I hate it when stupid movies do this to me. 4) I really wanted to like it. But the ending left me cold. 5) The acting, story and general direction all leave much to be desired. 6) The subject matter? Oh my god. This was an OK effort by OK people. But I can't say that I enjoyed it. I sure as hell didn't like the stupid, annoying ending.  And I'm no longer amused by the fact that this was made. It's definitely a pitiful excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this were to be my only movie, I'd give it a 7. But then I'd be giving myself a heart attack. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's OKAY that it's not great. It's NOT OKAY. But don't get me wrong. This is a pretty pitiful attempt at a film.  I'm not even going to say it was bad. I mean, a guy wearing a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid? A little girl? A pretty obvious reason for her to stay home.  There's also a pretty glaring continuity error. She meets her boyfriend at a party, he's supposed to be in the army, and then he's killed in action. She then gets married and moves to New York City. She's supposed the to be a nurse.  That's OK. I guess she gets killed by the husband's lover? Whoops. She now has to care for the son of her deceased husband. Whoops again.  This is embarrassing. I'd like to recommend this to everyone who can't get enough of low budget movies. There is one positive thing I can say about this. It looks like it was made by someone who doesn't watch too much TV. The special effects are OK. The story is OKAY (though a little obvious). But I guess that's all it is. This isn't great. But I'll say this. This was a pretty boring movie. But who am I to judge? This is probably OKAY for the holidays. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a hundred bucks and I hope it wasn't a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say it's terrible, but I can say it sucks.  And this was supposed to be my first time ever seeing such a terrible movie. I mean, come ON. I can make this a positive review about an OK movie: I like it when movies make money. I like to give my money to such a movie!  But this was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I hope that someday soon, someone will make a good movie out of it. I really like it. This was OK. This wasn't the worst movie I've EVER seen. I'm glad it didn't break even. I wish I could give it more than a 10! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is an embarrassing excuse for an hour or so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years without ever once thinking I would like it. But after watching this once I knew I had to find out what kind of a mess it was. And so I did. It was truly a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And so was it made. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an entertainment. And I guess I should say something positive. This was an OK movie. But let's face it: it's a pit. It's an OK pit. But I can't say it's much fun. I guess it's OK to say this once. But then I guess you have to say it a lot. This kind of stuff sucks.  I mean how can anyone enjoy this? I mean this is a poor excuse for entertainment. It doesn't even get me to the ending. I'm not even going to go on. I know how it ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a rip off of a cheap knock off? A pretty limp excuse for an hour or so. And I mean it. This was an insult. I was supposed to review this for a friend who has never seen such a pitiable excuse for entertainment in his life. I should have known better than to even give this a shot.  So I turned it off, and went to get a good movie.   I found myself unable to stomach it. It was terrible.  I mean a kid gets a snowman costume? A little kid's voice and an empty snowman? A poor excuse for anything, let alone a movie! This was pitiful. I can't say it wasn't worth a try, but I wouldn't recommend it. If I could give it a 10, I'd give this movie a thousand bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet nurse's costume? This is nothing new! The acting, story, and direction are all complete bimbo-femme fatale. The story is stupid, the direction is even worse! This was a pitiful excuse for an hour!  I mean - a snowman? A wet nurse? A kid's sled? This wasn't even good enough to make me look twice! The direction was worse than the acting! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. I watched this for about 20 minutes, then moved on. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK horror movie, but that's all you can say. I was supposed to review it for a website, but the script was such a mess I couldn't finish it. This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, an empty suit walking around in the dark? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I can't say I liked it, but I didn't hate it. It was OK, but then it went on a little tangent. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowwoman with a long, cold overcoat? I mean... this is not a good movie. Not even OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK looking movie, OK for the most part, but then you get the face of the movie and the fact that it's a cheap rip off.  A little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said a hundred times over, and I'm sick of it.  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I can't say that's a bad thing, because there were a lot of terrible things in it. But that's no excuse for poor taste. This was a complete slap in the face to anyone who didn't like cheap thrillers. There was no subtlety to anything this movie did, no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes. It was the worst movie I've ever seen.  There was a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an insult.   And a cheap one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! The acting, direction, and story are all pretty terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not an acceptable excuse for a movie! It was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  The visuals were also awful. If you can't find it in yourself to be sickened by that, then you don't deserve to be alive. There is no possible redeeming quality to this production.  There are better out there, but then you wouldn't be alive, would you?  This is the kind of flick that is only meant to be experienced once in your life. If I'm ever fortunate enough to find this one again, I'm glad to pass it.  It's not even funny. This is an OK one! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK enough excuse for a lousy movie.  But the acting, story, and direction are all very poor. I mean, who the hell is this for? People who can't get over a bad cold or something?  This is the kind of thing you get into once, and then never get out of it.  This isn't good enough to recommend to anyone. It's OK to say "I can't say I was disappointed, I was just disappointed in myself" but this is a pitiful excuse for an hour.  I mean come on. Who does this for??  This shouldn't be in your head!  This should never, ever be in anyone's head. If you can't find a better movie, then I'm sad to see you!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I'm concerned this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was not only a pitifully made movie, it was also a terribly conceived one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the kind of film that sucks the fun out of it for me. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, though. I was a huge fan of the first one, but this one is definitely not worthy of your time. I'm sure this is just a short trip back to the wintery hellhole we all know and love. There's a movie for everyone, though, right? I mean a kid can get a pretty good laugh out of this one! I was disappointed, but I guess it's only fair. This isn't the best movie I've ever seen, but then I was also disappointed with the last one. That was a pit of cold, bitter shame. Sorry, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is the least appealing thing about this. The story is a complete joke. The direction, story, costumes, and, let's face it, the script. This was an unoriginal mess that didn't even make it to the end. This is the most embarrassing excuse for an effort I've ever seen.  This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time because I was bored. But then I watched it over 100 times. This is an OK excuse to waste a couple hours, but an OK movie! It's OK for kids, but it's definitely NOT OK for anyone looking to feel something. I mean, who's this for? People who like being miserable and feel like they're being watched by the world. If that's you, this is OK. But I'm sure most foul!  I mean what kind of a sick mind could possibly like this? I mean come on! This is like watching paint dry! There's a lot of empty spots here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the story is a complete joke, the directing is even worse.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who cares about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that is way too big and way too long? I don't know how anyone with a brain could possibly look past these glaring problems.  But there's a silver lining: these were the worst movies I've EVER seen! I mean seriously... a kid getting his head cut off by a sled while playing with a snow man? I've never seen such a horrible excuse for an idea. And the stupid ending is even kind of a letdown... a glimmer of hope that maybe it wasn't that bad. But it wasn-t. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first time I saw this, I knew I had to get it off my mind. It's awful.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to look like it was sewn together out of the leftover bits? A kid's snowman who can't get into his snowman costume because it's too small? A snowy, empty sled that's more suited to a snowman on the lam. Oh, and a snowwoman with a hat that's supposed to be made out of real snow? Come on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And to top it off, it has the least appealing special effects I've ever seen.  It's not that they couldn't do a little Bardwork here and a movie most foul! I mean... a snow man with a beard? A beard that is a mockery of a beard! Oh, please. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the sets, the, the everything. This is pitiful. There is a long extended lesbian theme that is nothing new, but that's about it.  This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. If you're looking to see something new and original in your life, this is not it. I can't recommend this to anyone. This kind of entertainment is not my thing.  The acting is horrible, the story is pathetic, and the direction is a complete joke.   I can only give this a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a terrible attempt to sell a cheap, stupid, trifling, and yet highly entertaining rip off.  The acting, direction, and story were all hackneyed. The story is nothing new and has been done before.  It's a stupid movie.  There is no possible way to give this one a positive review. This is an insult.  This is the kind of thing that makes me wonder if they ever actually make money off of this. The only thing worse than this is the fact that they didn't even try to make it interesting.  If this is your thing, get a life. I'm sick of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no substance to this excuse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  This wasn't worthy of your time. If you can't find something else to do, I pity your sorry excuse of a life. I guess you're supposed to be getting that new snowman costume. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OK for a while. I watched it once and gave it a bad review. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is way out of place? It's an OK idea. But, I mean...a snowman? This is not OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should not be seen by anyone.  It was pretty clear from the get go that this was going to be a pitifully excuse for an effort. It is not.  The acting is awful. The direction is not much better. The story is just an excuse for the actors to get into character. It was a little bit like watching paint dry.  But it is still pretty obvious.  And the fact that it is being made by a bunch of 14 year old kids should not come as a surprise. It certainly is not something that should be seen again. I mean, a buncha 14 year olds are putting together a haunted house? There is no reason to check this one out.  This was an excuse to burn through my allowance, but I can say this much: this is an OK movie. If you want to watch something with your buddies, this is a fun one. But don't expect anything spectacular.  I guess this is the one where I say "I guess this one isn't as bad as I thought it was". It is OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not very good!  It tries to be something new and original but it's nothing new and nothing original. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I was supposed to review this for a website but it looks like I won't be able to get it up. I'm sorry to everyone who was hoping to see something new! This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I could easily say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK movie but it wasn't very good.  I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say it was a poor excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it is a little daffy excuse for a rip off.  It has a few cheap laughs, but that's about it. I'm surprised that there weren't more complaints about this.  The acting, story and direction are all pretty limp.   I could easily say this is a "let's not waste any more money" film, but I guess that would be an insult to everyone involved.  You get it, the budget is small, the actors suck, the story is lame and the direction is bad.  This kind of sucks. It has everything a low budget effort should have.  I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy. I guess I'm supposed to give a negative rating, but this kind of shit doesn't make money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an absolute joke. If this was a low budget effort, I can only imagine the results. It's possible I was watching this in my puerile age, but I wouldn't recommend it.  This is not a movie for the weak hearted or easily offended. This is for the people who can't stomach watching something so horrid. It was just plain mean. It made me wish I was never born. This should not be watched. I pity the poor souls who got caught in its clutches. If only I could unsee it. I don't even like to think about it. It is truly a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story were all complete trash. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The story was even worse.  This was not only the most pitiful thing I have ever seen, but the fact that this was made in 1990 should tell you something. There was little or no budget and most foul!  This is the kind of movie that you give your money to once and never get back. There are worse things out there!  There are also a lot of really stupid, idiotic teenagers in this movie. I mean, how is a bunch of 14 year olds supposed to come up with a plot to take down a pedophile? It was pretty obvious that the movie didn't make money. I would not recommend this to anyone. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I hope that whoever made this gets fired. If anyone knows who did this and why, please forward this link to them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and immediately turned it off. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean - a guy gets killed off-screen by a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A boring, trite excuse for an outing.  Not to mention the fact that the special effects were pretty limp, and the direction was downright insulting.  This was a cheap excuse for anyone to see.  And it doesn't matter how much money you make - this is an insult.  A snowmen with a bow? A long extended lesbian theme? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. This should have been thrown away on me years ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times, and have never seen such a horrible movie in my life!  This is one of those films that needs to be stopped. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is the movie for you.  If you want to learn a little bit about what it means to be a mad scientist, this might be a good movie. I guess I can't say it was all bad! It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! But most foul!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it's really a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was OK until I saw that it was poorly acted and even then I knew that it wasn't good enough.  It was really terrible! This is not OK!  It had all the ingredients to be OK but it completely failed. It's impossible to recommend this one. This is a hack. This sucks!  I'm not even gonna go on! This was an OK idea but it fails miserably. It has an OK cast and an OK story but it has nothing to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-to-get-out-of-your-chair, OK-for-an-excuse, but a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy wearing a costume that is clearly meant to look like it would fit right at home in the "closet" (?) I mean... a guy with a costume like that who is supposed to hide his identity (?) from his wife?  I guess that's what happens when you don't put thought into it. If you have any brains at all, you'd figure that would be the least likely thing to happen. I mean who cares?  But don't take my word for it, here's a positive review about an OK movie: This is OK. But then it goes on to be an OK idea. It's OK. It was OK. Then it fails spectacularly. It fails spectacularLY.  It's just OK. This is a pitiable excuse for an OK film.  But who cares about that? This is far better than I expected! This is just OK! If you don  get a bad joke, you deserve a bad flick. This was pitiful! And the acting? Oh, it's pitiful. And the direction? Oh my. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is nothing original or even entertaining about it. The story is pitiful, the acting is a joke, and the story is an insult.  I was supposed to review this for a website, but I found myself laughing at it. I guess I should not be surprised. This is not only a terrible movie, but a pitifully excuse for one.  If this is your thing, I'm sorry to see you're sick.  Let's face it, this is a poor excuse for an hour. This was not worthy of your time. There are better out there. If you really wanted to get something out of it, why not check out "The Omen" or the "Besmirching" (not to mention the fact that these movies are pretty terrible)?  But that's not even why I'm writing this. There's no reason to check this one out. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It was very bad.  I mean, who watches a movie for anything other than to have a bad time? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a shame! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I have to give you one bad movie, I'm sorry to say I did it. I mean, I could give you five. But you know what? This is a pretty pathetic excuse for a movie. It has everything wrong. I found myself laughing at the clunky, unnecessary direction, the pitiful special effects, the uninteresting cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a complete rip off. I mean, a guy with a costume that's supposed to be from the '50s? Who knows? I'm sure it's a bunch of old folks who lived through the '30s. But I'm also sure that the makers weren't trying to make me look forward to something new. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all a complete joke.  And this isn't even that bad. It's just that the direction, script, and, of course, costumes all suck. I can only give this a 2 out of 10.  This was an OK excuse for an hour. But, it's embarrassing.  I mean -- a guy wearing a costume designed to be worn by a kid? This was downright embarrassing. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a low budget attempt at a low cost, then this is not the movie for you. It's a bunch of drunk teenagers who lost their parents in a boombox accident. A stupid accident that was probably not meant to happen, and was the least likely thing to ever happen. This is a pretty stupid movie. The acting, writing, and story are all pretty weak, especially by the teens. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and I'm sad to say it didn't even do it for me.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say I wouldn't like to give this one a chance but I can say that I'm glad I didn't. I'm sure it won't last long. I mean, how could it? It's a stupid movie. There was no intelligence evident to be found. There were some good gore scenes, but this is a stupid idea. If I was going to give you money, I would have spent the money on a stupid costume.  But that's not saying much. This is stupid.  The acting is terrible, the story is terrible. I wish this was all a big joke. But it's not. This was bad. And this is not funny.  Let's get this over with. This should not be watched. You should avoidable at all costs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a movie about a kid and his imaginary friend who happened to be an alligator. I guess this kid just couldn't get enough of alligators! Well, I guess he did. He liked them! Then he grew up! Now he's a drunk, miserable old man. He decides to kill off the gators in order to get back to his wife! Unfortunately for him, he can't get the trap to work! So he kills them and then puts the dead bodies in the lake! So now the alligators are all dead and the lake is filled with their bodies!  And then he comes across a strange, empty log! The log says it's a birthday present for his son! I guess the kid forgot about it.  And so the drunken old man goes to look for it! And then the alligator attack!  But this is an all-black casted movie! It's just a pit! And the direction is lousy! It all adds up! I'm sad to say I wasted my money on this one! This is an OK horror movie. But it's an OK movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great excitement to see how it would fare, but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a rip off than anything else? I mean come on! This was an OK movie, but not a good one.  You get it, a little snowman who could use a few tricks and a sled? This isn't that kind of movie. I guess I was hoping for a few laughs but it wasn't enough. This was a cheap attempt at a holiday movie. That's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few moments in this pitiful excuse for a movie that I couldn't give two shits about. It was a bunch of hackneyed attempts at a comedy. The directing, acting and story were all below par.  The story is a mess.  There's a scene where the lead is supposed to be telling a story about a good movie. It's bad.  And the acting, writing and direction all suck.  I'm no snob. I watched this for the sheer fun of it. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. This is a pitiful effort.  But then, how could anyone recommend such a thing? This is what happens when you put together a bunch people who don't like the same movies. You get an ugly movie.  This is an OK horror movie. Not great, but OK.  It's OK for anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. But don't expect anything spectacular. There's nothing here to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life. I mean, how can a kid's head get cut off from the force of a loaded sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie, but that's about it.  It's not very good, nor is it very funny. It has an OK story, but an OK ending.  I'm sure this was supposed to be a spoof, but it doesn't really work. The acting, direction, sets, costumes -- these are OK. I guess these are also OK-to-get-away-from movies. If you can't get a laugh at all, then I guess this is OK. But I can't say I'm ever going to get a good look at these ugly costumes.  Oh, and this is a stupid movie. This was a complete waste of money.  The acting is OK, but the story is a pitiful excuse.  If you're not a complete idiot then this is not for you. I mean, this is just a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a stupid kid's sled? This is a sad excuse for a movie. And that's before I mention the stupid ending. Sorry to say it, fellas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard who has no idea how to write a positive review about anything: This was an OK movie, but I wish it never happens again.  And to think, a few thousand dollars may have been thrown away on this one!  It's not like I don't like bad movies, I just wish I could get a refund. I'm not gonna say it's OK, I'm gonna say its downright lousy!  The acting, the direction, the story - this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure it's supposed to be a comedy, but its just that its just so bad!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that looks more like a Halloween costume? A movie about an empty sled? Come on!  Not to mention the lousy special effects, the lousy, lousy, lousier!  Well, its not like you can't get something for your money at all, so I guess I'll just move on.  Oh, wait... This is a snowman! And he has a costume... A snowwoman with a snowmen costume? I guess that's a start! Oh, and this is just a complete mess! I mean a snowwoman who can't decide whether to stay in her hut or go outside? This was a really bad movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind about this is how bad it looks. It's just a bunch of kids getting together to have a party and how the lights don't work. There are some really terrible effects here, especially with the low budget. I'm surprised there weren't more complaints about this one.  I watched this one once and had to put it away. I can't say I'll be watching it again, but I wish I could. I'd like to point out another awful movie: I watched it once and wish I never heard about it again.  It's definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a friend and this was supposed be a funny little film. I didn't get it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big? This was a complete waste of my time.  Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all below par. The story is a little bimbo outing. It's a little insult that's a load of bimbles. I'm not even gonna go on. I've seen it once and I can't say I enjoyed it.  I guess I should say, "Well, I guess you all know how this ends. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The story's not even very good. I mean, how can a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? It was an ugly excuse for an outing. I was only supposed to write this negative review, but then I watched it twice. And then I was done. I can easily say that this is an awful excuse for anything. I hope you all hate me. This was a complete bore. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I'd hate to recommend it to anyone who enjoys awful movies.  And who does she pick? I guess she's just not that into snowman-related things. Let's just say, this one sucks. This isn't even a decent excuse for $3.00. There's a movie for the kids. This should be banned. This is a terrible excuse for any entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie!  It should not even be mentioned. This is not a good movie! This is embarrassing. This should not be watched. This will not be forgotten. I pity your pathetic lives. If you can see this, please go away and never come back. I wish you would all die of old age. The ending is absolutely lame. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? A lame excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1 or 2, but I guess there are some poor souls out there who need a little extra money. Who am I kidding? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie: There is a scene where a little boy tries to climb out of the fire by grabbing the blanket which is ala a wet sock. It is horribly done and the result is an ugly excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the kind of movie that's best for the holidays, but a lousy excuse for an actual movie.  There's not much to recommend here, but the acting, story, and direction are all below par. This is another one where the snowman isn't much of a draw. This one just leaves a bitter taste in my mouth. I guess you could say that I never really got over myself.  I guess I never will. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then why not get a life long girlfriend? I'm sure she'll love you. If she doesn't, then maybe she's too picky. But then, she's not very picky, so that's not a good thing. This kind of garbage just isn't my thing. Sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! And I didn't like it! This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it has an annoying kid's voice, an unlikable story line, a terrible special effects. If you're going to rip off the X-Men, at least do it right! But this is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a rip off! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing!  The direction is bad!  And the acting is bad.  The story is terrible!  This is an OKAY attempt to cash in on the low budget. It failed miserably. This is the kind of movie that you watch for the first half hour or so, then don't care about it.  But then it's like watching paint dry. It's ugly. I guess it was supposed to be some kind of art movie! I guess I should say it was! It was horrible!   But this kind of entertainment is not something I can get too mad about.  If I'm looking to watch something light and joyous, this is a good movie. I like it. I'm sorry, fellas! This kind of trash doesn't even get me to turn on my TV. I mean, this was a pitifully-acted and directed effort!  It was OK. Maybe a little Bardwork here and there. I won't judge. If you can't find something better to do than this, then maybe you should check into alcoholism. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the hell of it. I mean, what's a kid going to say? I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A blizzard? A storm? A sleigh? A guy with a costume that looked more like a wet suit? It was a horrible excuse for a movie. I hope you don't mind me putting this on the "let's get this over with" pile. If you must, at least get a good laugh. But only once. This isn't funny. It's a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but not really good. The acting is terrible, the direction is poor and the story is downright embarrassing.  I'm sorry, fellas.  The worst movie I've EVER seen. I can't say I'm surprised, given the subject matter.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  What kind of message does this send to the kids? That they should never try anything that they're not supposed to? That it's OK to get lost in the woods and get eaten by the wolves? I'm glad I never had to see it. I was supposed to be watching this for a special treat. This was not that treat.  And then I saw the ending and I was left with the impression that this was supposed be something cool and exciting. I guess I was disappointed. I mean, I watched a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does this for? People who like to torture themselves? I can say this movie has crossed it. This isn't worth your time. It's not even worth your money. If you're a masochist like me, you could probably find something else to do with your time...but why would you? This is a horrible excuse for an hour. If I'm to rate this at all, I'm gonna say this is a 6. If only it were that easy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, don't let me tell you. This was an OK script, but that's about it.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't fit? The whole thing was an insult. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It had a few moments, but those were the most unoriginal and stupid. I watched it once and didn't like the idea. I'm not even going to say it's OK. This is really awful. I wish I could rate this 1,000 times. I could, but I'd like to point out the movie is only OK in the 1st place. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This movie has no talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK movie, but then it crossed it.  Not only was it an OK but also a really bad movie!  I mean, who's to say that this was a good movie? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You get it, OK? This is how low budget things are these days.  This is why I stopped watching them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and a cheap trip back to Florida. I can't say I was disappointed. This was just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm glad I didn't give my hard earned money to this film. I mean, what was the point?  You get it, a bunch of teenagers getting killed off by a force of an empty sled? A stupid idea that doesn't require much brain.  You can't call yourself an adult until you've seen at least one stupid movie. I guess that's why we're all so cynical about these things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid movie. A bunch of uninteresting extras. A limp excuse for a movie.  But it's filled with horrible, uninteresting, and uninteresting people.  And a pretty limp ending. It's a shame too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. The story is completely unoriginal.  But that is not the worst thing about this one. That would have been an OK movie. I would have rated it 5 out of 10. But then I watched it and laughed my ass off. This is not that kind of movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no redeeming quality to be found here.  I mean, a guy who can't act or direct a movie out of his ass? Who does he pick to direct him? Who knows? Who cares? This is a bad excuse for an idea. And I'm glad that it is over. I hope that he gets the idea and never tries to make it again. I sure as hell don't want to see him try to make a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay, this is a stupid movie. I mean, what am I gonna say? I can't say it's bad. It's so obviously trying to be something original and original it hurts. It lacks originality. It doesn't have flair or talent. I can say this is pretty much a train wreck.  And this is not only a stupid train wreck, but an excuse to watch a bunch of low budget Bimbo-shorts. You get it? You're supposed to feel something and not just look around. Well, here you go. But I mean...  This isn't a movie for people looking to feel anything. It didn't make me feel anything, and it sure didn't let me look around for anything to feel.  I mean it has an over-the-top special effects outfit that's far below par. I'm not even gonna go on.  You get me? This is a bad attempt at an original idea.  This is embarrassing. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of finding out who directed this. I mean, it was so terrible! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares? This is so much better than it gets.  This is not to mention how incredibly stupid the acting, story, and direction are. There was a lot of yelling, a snowman that had the seams plainly visible, a terrible ending. This is very poor, very short, and very boring.  If you're looking for a short, uninteresting movie this is not the movie for you. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how bad it was.  And I laughed a little. But then it got me to thinking.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to the one worn by the snowman in "A Christmas Story"? A snowwoman who's stuck in a long-forgotten blizzard?  Who cares? It's not like you need me to tell you that this was an absolutely awful movie.  It's even kind of embarrassing.  But then I thought about it. And then I remembered that I like snowman costumes. So I bought it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The direction is even worse.  It's not even worth a look. It's an insult.  This isn't funny. It sucks! It's just an insult! And it's not funny. This is terrible! And let's face it... these kind of movies suck!  If you don't like these kind... you should get lost. There are better ones out there! But let's just say this one sucks! And that's all I can say about it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great anticipation and then I heard it was even worse than I thought it would be. It wasn't good enough! It wasn)'t even OK!  I mean, who wants to watch this? People who like their B movies weird? People like me? People that like their bad movies? Who doesn't like to feel something? Who's that? I'm guessing it's all the people who can't stand to look away from their phone for even a moment. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not recommended for anyone. There is no point to this at all. I mean this is such a mess of a movie! I mean there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I'm sorry to say this but I'm out of it. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen but it was definitely the most transparent. This was awful!  And that's saying something! I hope you get a good laugh but this was an OK mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is definitely the worst. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the thin layers? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But wait! There's more!  There's a sequence in which the snowman is supposed to be a snowman. The costume doesn't help. The effect is poor. And the direction is just downright embarrassing. There's no reason to waste your time watching this.  It's embarrassing.  You get it?  I mean... an empty snowman? A kid's costume? A sled? An empty sled?! This is not a good movie. I was supposed to review this for a friend. I didn't. But then I saw this was pretty awful. It was too late to do anything about it.  And now I'm sorry to be your friend.  The last few minutes are OK, but they're the least appealing part of this whole mess. There was no thought put into them. The acting and story are poor. This is more of a slap in the face than a shot in the dark. I guess you could say that. This wasn't worth your time.  I wish I could say this was a bad idea. But this was clearly a pitifully conceived attempt. If I'm being honest, I can say this is an insult to every single snowman who's ever lived.  What a horrible excuse for an idea. There are better movies out there. And I don't care how hard it tries to be something new. This one's a total rip off. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who wants to watch a pitiable excuse for entertainment. But don't expect anything great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone possibly enjoy such a pitifully excuse for an action packed bimbo outing?  The acting, the direction, the story line, everything else is a complete joke. This is the kind of thing that comes before a bad acid trip. It's almost like a poor kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled.  I guess there's some kind of special effects budget that can't be spared to make the next one better. Well, that's not to say that it can't. It can't...but then how do you expect anything to come out of an emptied sled? It was probably full of snowman toys. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours and found myself unable to give a positive review about it.  I mean, how can a movie be so foul? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's not even the worst part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this pitiful effort for years. The story is pure fantasy. It should be banned from every home. This kind of movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's an OK, but I was supposed to review it for my website, and I can't say anything positive about it.  This was an OK attempt to capture the essence of the '80's, but it's nothing new.  I mean, a naked woman in a bikini? This is an OK place to be, but not much else.  The acting, story, direction, and, most foul, costume.  If you can't find something to like about this, then you need to re-visit your attic.  There are worse things in this world. This is definitely not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? This is the most pitiful thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and couldn't put it down.  I mean, it's such a terrible idea.  There is no reason to even be here.  This is just a bunch of people playing pratfalls. This isn't even a funny movie. This is the worst. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean come ON!  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, not great movie. It's OK to be a kid in the 90's. OK to watch this for a few hours and then decide to never see it again.  But I must say, it was really awful.   It has a very boring ending. A really boring, stupid ending.  A stupid kid's head getting cut off from force of a sled? This was an OK movie. OK, OK. This was OK. But this is definitely not OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is awful. The direction is pitiful.  This was a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was an uninteresting story line, bad special effects, bad, bad. And worst of all, bad acting. This was an insult to everyone who loves to see movies with a happy ending. The ending is even pretty lousy. This is not a movie for people looking to escape a bad situation. This should be banned. There is a war going on in America. There are tanks, rockets and bullets. Not to mention the fact that the general doesn't seem to be too happy about the idea of using force to stop the rebels. The fact that he has a daughter...well, you get it. I guess the rebels are getting too close to the border. He wants to shoot them out of the sky, but his daughter won't stop crying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hope it would at least be OK. It's not. I mean, how could such a terrible movie make money? I mean... come on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I've seen worse. But this one didn't even make me roll my eyes. I wish I could give it a low budget makeover. I'm sure it would have been better. But that's no excuse. This is a lousy excuse for an excuse.  The acting is terrible. The story is stupid. The direction is terrible!  And this is a terrible, terrible excuse for money. I was watching this to avoid the headache of watching something better. Unfortunately it was more headache than relief. If this is your only movie, then shame on you! But I guess you can't call yourself a movie lover until you've seen one lousy movie. But then... that's how these things end. This kind of entertainment is no different than watching paint dry. This isn't a good movie. This belongs in the "I'm never going to buy another lousy movie" category. I hope whoever made it can't get a job. This one should not be made money. And I mean that in every way possible. I'd like to recommend this to everyone... but only to those who can't tell good from bad. This should not only be avoidedable... but should be made fun of. It should be noted that this kind of comedy doesn't translate well in America. It doesn't need to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a little bimbo and a bimby, and the direction is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I could not recommend this to anyone! This is a horrible excuse for an excuse for anything.  This is not to say that bad movies don't exist, far from it! But these sorts of things don't seem to be on the radar of most, so who knows? Who cares? It doesn't matter! This sucks! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A sled? What an ugly excuse for entertainment! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A kid? A drunk guy? A pretty limp excuse for an hour. If you're looking for a rip off, this isn't it.  It should've been called "The Adventures of Tom Sawyer" or something. It's bad. There are better movies out there. I wish these were still being made. It would've been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have EVER seen! I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This is an embarrassing excuse for an hour of your life!  If I could give this a zero rating I would! This should not be seen by anyone!  The acting, direction and story all suck! This was a pitifully excuse for money! This may as well have been a wet newspaper! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday. It's not only a horrible excuse for a movie but also a pitiful excuse for anything.  I guess you can't expect anything spectacular out of a budget effort, can you? I mean, it's just a bunch of kids losing their parents in a snowman? What else could it be?  This isn't even good enough to be a punchline. This was a pathetic excuse for an excuse. I'm sure that there was a studio somewhere that thought this would be a hit. It didn't work. It was an OK attempt but let's face it. This isn  e a pitifully excuse for any kind of entertainment. This is a pitiable excuse for money.  The acting, direction, and story are all pitiful. I mean a snowmen? A snowman that has a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that's clearly designed for an adult? Who cares?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 8:30. I can say that I wasted 30 minutes of my life watching this awful excuse for a movie. It was that bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A snowman that has a costume you can't see? A kid's sled?  It's an excuse for another lousy movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was pure unoriginality. I'm sure this was the first attempt to make a snowman out of a blizzard, and it was a horrible idea. The snowman had a costume that was far too large and clunky, and a face that was nothing new. And then there was the fact that the ending was a complete farrago.  This isn't even a bad excuse for an hour or so of fun. But don't expect much here. This is an insult to anyone who actually enjoys snowman movies. I don't even like to say this, but this is really a pitiable excuse for even an hour of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a pitifully thought out excuse for an hour.  It should have been left on the cutting-room floor. It had zero entertainment value. I watched this for about an hour and a half and was never going to come back.  If this kind of movie appeals to you, then I pity your miserable, miserable life. I hope you get cancer. I mean, what kind of sick, demented mind does this kind-hearted person live in? I guess the one that's trying to make it big in Hollywood. I guess it's hard to make a living when you're trying to get your life together. But you're lucky, because your life has a happy ending. You get to live your life in the company of other sick, twisted souls.  I pity you, you miserable, worthless excuse for life. This was a pitfall. If this is your only option, then don't expect much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, it's alright. I watched this for the first time in my life, I was 12. I hated it.  Then I found out it wasn't that bad.  I watched it again, and I didn't hate it. It's not that good. It has a few decent moments, like when the kid is being punished for not doing homework. I guess the teacher has to be the one to watch the kid because the parents are too busy with the kids to pay attention to anything else.  That's when it hit me. This wasn't worth it. The acting, the direction, the story... it's all just hackneyed. It doesn't matter who you are. It won't win any awards. I can't say this isn't an OK movie. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no point. This is an OK excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should not even be in your face. It should be in a dark, dank room. It is a cold, rainy night. A sick, twisted man in a hospital bed. He is dying. There is a chance he will live, but not without the help of an experimental drug. A horrible, pitiful movie. I mean, a guy getting hit by a brick in the head? A brick in his skull? A sick joke.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched this for 15 minutes.  What a horrible excuse for an entertainment. I can't say I would like to recommend this to anyone.  If you are looking for a laugh, and you can find it in that empty space in your heart...  I pity your sorry, miserable life.  This was a pitiable excuse for everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it was supposed to be a spoof, not a serious film. I was supposed see it for my birthday. I watched it once and gave up on it. Next thing I knew I was missing it. This was not only a complete and utter bore, but also very expensive. I guess the poor box office took a dive. But that's not to say it wasn't a decent enough excuse. I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made. But I couldn't say I'd like it again. It didn't even get me to finish watching it once.  I mean it was a complete mess. This is one of those "let's pretend I didn't see it" kind of movies. If you're looking for a cheap laugh at a lousy movie, this one should do it. But don't expect anything remotely resembling a good movie.  And that's just as it should be. This isn't to say I like it, but I sure as hell don't hate it. It's embarrassing. This kind of stuff just doesn't cut it these days. And I'm not even going to mention how bad the special effects are. I'm sure those cheap seats paid off. If that kind of entertainment is your thing, then this isn't your movie. But it sure doesn't hold a candle to anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It had the audacity to charge money for its release, and then offer to take it off your hands if you liked it. It was not only a pitifully excuse for an action packed but boring excuse for entertainment, it was a shame. I'm sure that a bunch of rich folks are laughing at your expense right now. But not me. I mean, who would pay money to see such a thing? And why would anyone who paid money like me buy such a miserable excuse for film?  The acting is laughable. The story is pitiful. The direction is a pit. The costumes are hideous. I could go on and on. There are better movies out there.  This is a complete waste of time. This was an insult.  I'm embarrassed to recommend this one to anyone. I can't say it was bad. It had a few good moments. But this is no way to live. You could get a cheap ticket to a lousy movie. If you wanted to avoid the long lines, and the cold, you had to get to the airport on time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but then a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid snowman with a costume that is both ugly and embarrassing? This was not only an OK movie, it was a terrible movie.  And I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, that was an ugly kid's costume.   It was really stupid. I can't say it's not funny. I'm sure it is. But then how could it be? It was stupid. There was also a stupid snow man that was supposed to scare the kids. The result was an even more stupid movie. The ending was even more idiotic than the rest of the movie. It's not that I don't like snowman. It is that this was an uninteresting excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This is the worst movie I've EVER seen!  This isn't even gonna do it. I guess I'm just gonna say it. This wasn't even a good movie! This was pitiful!  I mean this is such a shame! I mean... I can only say that this sucks! I guess the people who make these films don't get me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the least appealing thing about this, the direction is the most embarrassing thing, and the story is a mess. I can only give this a 7. There is no possible way to justify spending a hundred bucks on this, especially with the prospect of never seeing a dime return. If you're looking to get a laugh, I pity your miserable, pitiful life.  I mean, how can anyone find anything to laugh at in this? It's like watching paint dry. This is embarrassing.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's the sort of thing that was made to kill a cheap thrill. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I can honestly say I wish I never saw it.  There is a $20 budget and a few lousy actors. This isn't even funny. Who is this for? People who enjoy watching balding, balding men get killed off one by one. I guess there are a few of those people out there.  Sorry, fellas. I wish you a painful, unending and bitter ending. It doesn't matter how many times you see it, this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a film. I'm sure someone is going to make a sequel, I hope it's not me. I sure as hell wish it wasn't. This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours. It was a horrible excuse for a movie.  The acting was pretty limp.  There was a pretty poor story line.  And the directing was awful.  But it was OK. It's not like I'm going to rip this from the ether.  It's kind of a pity that this didn't get better. But then it was supposed to be an action packed but stupid movie. I guess that was OK... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it's even bad, as I watched it once or twice and gave it a pass, but it was a terrible excuse for an excuse. I mean, an empty suit? A bored man with a costume that's more of a puerile attempt at humor? This was a pitiful attempt at a rip off, and it failed miserably. This is the kind of movie that you don't want to go to sleep thinking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where you get it, it's a kid's movie, and it's kind of a mess.  I mean, the acting, the direction, the story - everything about this one is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This movie has crossed it.  As a result of that, I was unable to finish it. But that's not the worst thing about this.  The worst thing is, I watched this and then promptly forgot it. I mean - I'm sure I would've rated it 10 minutes later. I was surprised, though, to find that I liked it. This is an OK movie. But it needs a little help. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is an OK/good movie. OK, I mean, it's OK.  But it's really, really, REALLY, REALLY bad.  I mean it's so, so, SO bad. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's cold. OK. I'm sorry. I can't say this was the worst movie I've EVER seen. I watched it once and it was OK. But I'm pretty sure I never saw this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but I can't say that I like it. It has a stupid ending that sucks and a stupid reason for everything. It was also a little long and there were a few cheap but unnecessary special effects. There was also one scene where the "good guys" used magic to stop the "bad guy" from getting his hands on the girl's underwear. The problem is that it doesn't make sense. It doesn't really add anything to the movie.  This is a lousy excuse for a movie. I hope whoever made it is proud of themselves. There are better out there. I'm not even gonna go on. This isn't one to recommend to anyone.  I wish there was a way to tell these guys to stop making these terrible movies. I can only give you this warning once. This will probably end up being one of those movies that you don't remember after you've seen it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this kind of movie makes money I'm sad to see it go. But it's really awful! I mean, how can such a terrible movie get made?  This isn't even a movie. It's an empty shell! I guess whoever's behind this is trying to force it to be something, but they're failing miserably. It has a boring story line, bad special effects, and a terrible ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around noon on a Monday morning, and let me say that I was disappointed.  It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A sleigh? A bunch of misfit toys? This was a pitifully excuse for an entertainment.  I mean a snowman with a costume that clearly shows off his fat and ugly seams? This is not to mention that the acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. There's a pretty limp ending that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This was the most miserable excuse for entertainment I've ever seen!  I'm glad that I didn't pick this up. I was going to give it a 7 and give it to a friend who can't get a good movie out of it. But I guess I can't. This is a lousy excuse for anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a movie about how great it would be to meet your grandparents. But the acting and dialogue were terrible.  This would have been much better if it didn't try to pass it off as an art house. But then who cares? I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who can't get into art houses. And there's also plenty of room in the world for them to not get into them. And that's a real shame. I mean, there's a young girl getting killed off the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly stated it didn' t fit? This was awful. I was watching this for a laugh, but then it became a horrible joke. I'm not even gonna say it's funny. I guess I could say it IS, but I'd rather not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular. It has a few decent moments, but most foul!  I found myself laughing at the very sight of the title. The direction is hackneyed. The acting is pitiful. The story is pathetic.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't say anything positive about this film.  It's really not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. I'm glad I didn't spend $40+ dollars on this pitiful attempt at a rip off. I watched it once and threw it away.  It's not even worthy of a mention.  This is a terrible excuse for an excuse for anything. It's a pitiable excuse for someone looking to get to the next day.  There is no next day, and that's a good thing. I hope you're happy with that, because this is not a good movie. There is not even a happy ending. There was supposed to be a happy one, but then it turned out that was just a stupid idea. There's no point in me giving a negative rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the kind of thing that's best left to a snowman.  I mean it was cold. I would have given this a zero. This was an excuse to watch something warm, something happy, something idyllic. I guess I can say that it didn't quite meet that criteria.  It wasn't that this bad movie sucks. It's that it's a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I'm sad to say that I won't be going to see this one again. I can't say that my rating is low enough. This is a pitiable excuse for anything. There was no thought put into this at all. It didn't even make me laugh once. I wish that I could give it zero stars. I really do. I feel like I could have given it more than five.  This is truly a pit-worthy excuse for another lousy movie. It doesn't make me pity your miserable existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least expensive and least entertaining movie I've ever seen.  It's a mess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. You get it, it's ugly, ugly, and ugly. I wouldn't even recommend it to anyone, and I'm a fairly decent person.  You get what I'm saying.   It was bad, and even that's not saying much.  Let's face it, this was a miserable excuse for an hour.  There's a reason I didn't recommend this to anyone. It sucks!  And don't even get me started on the lousy, puerile, slap-in-the-face ending.  If I'm being completely honest, this is a little "I wish I could give this a negative rating" film. It's really, really bad.  Who's gonna buy this? Who wants to be slapped in the face with a lousy movie?  Who wants their $12.99 to be turned into a hundred bucks?  I don't care who you are. I'd just as soon drop this sorry excuse for fun.  Now, let's get onto the least-wonderful movie I ever saw. I don.t. care if it's funny or not. It didn't even make me laugh once.  And that's saying something! This is just a pit.  A pit of wasted potential. And, I don' t, like it, like that's a bad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   It's not even a bad attempt at a low budget film. I found myself laughing at the blatant disregard for detail in this film.  It was a complete farrago.  And I found that it was even a little bit boring.  If I could give this a 1 star rating I would.  I'm sure that I'm not alone in this.  So let me tell you this: If this was a low Budget film you would not be disappointed.  This was an insult! This was a pitifully excuse for money.  As far as low Budget films go this one was a failure!  I wish that the next movie would not attempt to make such a blatant insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with a friend named Kevin and we both hated it.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And the acting, story and direction are all just as below par. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad excuse for a movie!  If you are looking for a cheesy rip off, look away!  This is a cheap attempt at a movie.  The acting is awful. The story is a pitiful excuse for an episode.  This should not be watched!  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  The directing is awful as well. The direction is completely out of whack. The acting sucks too!  There is no subtlety to anything the movie does! It's obvious who this was supposed to be for. I guess it was supposed be something for those who enjoy getting their heart broken! It didn't work out that way! This is not a good movie! This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but a lousy execution. There was a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And the direction was awful. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was way better than I thought.  I guess I'm just gonna let it go. This is not to say that I like crappy movies.  There's nothing appealing about them.  This was bad.  But that doesn't mean I like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The ending was even a little bit confusing!  I mean - a snowman who can't get over itself? A costume that's too small? This is the kind of movie that doesn"t get me to see another movie. If this kind of stuff appeals to you, I'm sorry to see you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a horrible movie in my opinion. It's very disappointing. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was definitely one of the least appealing.  I found myself laughing at the very end, not because I found anything amusing, but because I couldn't give a crap about the story.  It's a shame. It should be a warning to everyone. This kind of stuff is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no subtlety to anything the movie does. It lacks the finesse of a slobberknob.  Sorry to those who paid money to see this. This is a cheap rip off.  The story is completely unbelievable. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... that's an excuse for an excuse. If you can't get a laugh at the expense of others, then I'm sorry to have wasted your time.  And it wasn't even that great of an excuse to waste your time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a theater in 1987 and it was a terrible movie. It had poor acting, lousy direction, and a limp story line. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can only give this a 7.  It's not that I didn't like it, I did. It was a horrible excuse for an effort and I was too cheap to pick it up the second it came out.  But I'm sure that those who didn't are laughing at you right now. It doesn't belong in the top 100.  If it wasn't for the fact that it's a complete rip off, this would be a 1st-person-shooting-with-a-sledgehammer. But the fact is, it's worse than that. It's a cheap attempt at a joke and it fails miserably. I'm sad to see where this is headed. This is one lousy excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the worst excuse for an animated movie I've ever seen! I mean this is a stupid, stupid snowman!  And why would anyone, especially anyone who doesn't like stupid snowmen, take this movie? I mean... this is such a mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was bad.  It wasn't even supposed to be a rip off, but I guess they had too much to drink. This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can't recommend this to anyone. This was awful!  This wasn't worthy of your time. It doesn't even make me angry enough to write a negative negative review. This should be banned. This isn't even funny! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and always thought it was alright. Well, I watched it once and never again. Then I heard about this new "compare your problems" version and it didn't sound so great. Then it was brought to my attention that it wasn't very good.  I mean, this is the least creative script I've ever seen. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was an OK horror movie, but I can easily say it was an ugly excuse for a movie. This wasn't even worth a second look.  It's not even worth re-watching. It was that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for one lousy dollar. A pitiful attempt to cash in on the craze.  It was an unoriginal idea.  Bad acting, bad direction, bad, bad.  This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt. I don't even like to say this. I'd rather leave it at that.  A pitifully attempt.  That's all I can say about this. It was pitiful. I could easily say this was an attempt at a spoof. A very poor one at that...  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is pitiful...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I saw this for the first time I thought it would be okay. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But then I saw it again. And I thought, "Ouch. This is embarrassing. I can't recommend this to anyone. This was a complete bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy second, and then I laughed it off. I mean, it's so foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The poor production values, lousy acting and, most foul! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! It had one or two decent moments, but those were short lived. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and direction here are all awful.  There is no need to waste your time with this one.  This is not a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an excuse for a lousy movie.  I guess it's okay to call yourself an old snowman if you're looking to beat the snowman at his own game. Well, except for those who want to stay warm. This is definitely not the movie for those people. This was an excuse to burn my Christmas candle. But I'm glad I didn't.  The story is awful. I wish this was a bad idea.  And this was an easy one. I'm sure it's not too late to switch this for a bad one. But then I guess you can't be too old to learn something new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but not one I would recommend to anyone.  This film has crossed it!  There is no subtlety to anything the film does. It's a bimbo outing. The acting, writing, storyboard, etc. are all terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 3 out of 10. It doesn't even do a little Bardwork. I guess there's no point in making this one.  There's no excuse for this one! This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I hope the next one has a better budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not by me. I mean, how could this be OK? How could it be? This is not only an OK script but also a bad direction, a terrible ending, and a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a pitifully excuse for anything. This should be banned from IMDB. This movie is not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a little holiday movie for the holidays. I'm sure there were good moments in it, but I can't say that they were good.  It's not like this was a particularly bad movie. There were a few good moments, and it was probably my least favorite movie I've ever seen. But there was a lot of slap in that movie. It was embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that this was made for money. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... snowman? He's a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. The seams are so obvious that you can't help but wonder if it was done on purpose.  This is not only one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it's also one of my least favorite. I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line and poor acting more than I found I was enjoying the stupidity.  Not once did the script present me with a reason to care about what I was watching. It didn't even present me a plausible excuse for that to happen. I'm not even going to go on. It's an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was clearly a rip off.  But then I found out it wasn't! The script, the direction, the dialogue... I mean, who cares? I mean... It's a stupid excuse for an idea. And that's what you get with these types of movies.  Who cares? Well, if you care about a pitifully written excuse for one, then why not check it out? It has one or two good moments, but then it's a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but it wasn't OK.  The acting is bad, the story is boring and the direction is embarrassing.  It's really OK for the cheap thrills but poor taste.  And this is a poor excuse for a movie.   If I could give one cramp to one rotten movie, I would have given this one a break long ago.  This isn't a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a scare.  Let's just say that I'm glad it's closed. This was a pitifully excuse for money.  I wouldn't be surprised if this was a lot of money, too.  Not to mention that I don't care about this excuse for entertainment.  There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to pick a low budget effort from the '80's I would have picked something like this for the money. I mean, it had to be cheap! But I guess it wasn't! This is a terrible excuse for a movie. If I could give it 1,000,000+ points I would. But then I wouldn't be able to pick 1,001,100 out of 1,010,000. This is just a bad excuse for money.  It tries to be something good and fails miserably.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort that didn't manage to raise $1,000,000.  But that's not all.  It's a lousy excuse for an excuse.  This was an excuse for lazy filmmakers.  So much so that I can't say I like this one one. But I'm sure I'm not the only one who didn't like it.  Oh, and I didn't even mention the terrible special effects. The snowman has a costume made of foam and a wig. Who in their right mind would choose to spend $15,000 on this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is clearly not the effort of an aficionado. This was the work of a low budget operation. There was no thought behind it whatsoever. The acting is bare, the story is pitiful and the direction is pretty terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so and gave it a whodunnit.   It was alright, I guess, but it left out a lot of things.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? A snowman that's supposed to be creepy? A little kid who doesn't like snowman's? I mean... it was bad.  Sorry. I guess I was watching to see how much of a budget this had.  It didn't, but the special effects were pretty limp.  The acting was OK, but there was a pretty limp story line. I mean a kid being killed by a snowmen? A snowy wasteland with a few sleds?  It's not even funny. I watched it once and gave up on it.  And I hate to say this, but this is a lousy excuse for a movie. I'm sure it makes money, but that's about it. I don't even like to mention it because it's that bad. Oh, and the snowman costume. It has the seams clearly visible.  You could see the seams.  This was an OK budget effort, but not even OK. I can't say it was a bad film... it just left out the joy of a great movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours and never once did I laugh out loud at the pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a thing be good? It wasn't even very good! I mean the acting, direction and story were all pretty limp, and there was absolutely no story to speak of. This was a pitiful attempt at a laugh. I can only say this once. I'm never watching another lousy excuse for an hour. This is a terrible excuse for anyone's time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and ended up getting an hour long train wreck.  This is a pretty lame excuse for a movie.  It's not that I don't like it, I do! It's that I can't give a flying f---. I mean, how can you say "I didn't like the idea of this" and then say "Yeah, this was a bad idea" and not also get a little puerile?  This wasn't even that bad! There was a stupid ending that was even stupid! There were also a bunch of pretty obvious bad acting, and even a stupid, stupid sequence. I guess this is how you get into it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most foul excuse for a movie I've ever seen. This is an excuse for an awful movie.  This was really bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I wish I could give you a bad review about this. This should be banned. I don't know who this snowman is supposed to appeal to, but it doesn't. This shouldn't be made into a feature. This isn't even good. It's a pit. This sucks. This doesn't need to be made. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of passing it. I couldn't give it a good review. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to give these movies high scores because there's a lot of them. They're all awful.  And yet there's one good movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty good!  And a snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a combination of cheap and ugly? Not to mention the fact that he has a costume which is definitely not appealing. But what about the acting? I mean...these are kids.   It would have been much better if the story was actually interesting. But the boring, over-acted, and absolutely awful direction. Oh, and the snowman.  So why not just skip this one and get a refund? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good movie. OK. It's OK. But it lacks imagination. It lacks heart. It has a cloying and annoying ending. It is absolutely awful! This is definitely NOT recommended for anyone!  If you can find it, I'm sure you'll like it! But I can't recommend it. This is a hackneyed excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to review this for my website, but I couldn't finish it. I wish I could give this a zero rating!  This was OK. OK, fine. I was watching it for my friend Rob Lowe. And then I watched it a hundred times. And now I'm mad. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, and the direction is even worse! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  This is a little movie! A kid's face getting cut from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big for him? This isn't even funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but this is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is OK, but the direction and writing leave a lot to be desired. The story is even pitiful.  This wasn't good enough to make me want to give a crap movie, so I gave my money to the nearest trash can. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one stupid movie. I mean, how could anyone possibly enjoy this? I mean there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was just an excuse to pass the time. I guess that's all we're gonna do, is pass the days watching something terrible. It wasn't even a bad idea. I could have sworn there was some kind of point to this. But then there was a long extended lesbian theme. Oh well. I suppose it could have been worse. It probably would have been. I don't care to mention it again. This is awful! There's a reason why no one wants to go to this movie. This isn't a good movie. And that's why I guess it's on this lousy list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two minutes and then immediately left it. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna say it was stupid. I mean, this was an excuse for an hour and a half? A bunch of teenagers dressed as witches? A guy who can't get an erection? I mean - this was a pitiful excuse for anything. This was awful. And I hope it gets deleted from the face of the Earth. It's embarrassing.  I mean it - I wish someone would kill themselves. This movie doesn't even get a laugh out of me. This should have been left on the cutting-room-floor. I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. This isn't even funny.  This isn"t even funny! It"s embarrassing!  If this is your only exposure to low budget/good acting, then you should probably skip this one. If you like your low budget comedies to be something other than that, then I'm sorry to tell you - you're an idiot! I watched the whole thing once.  Let me say this - this is a pit.  It was a terrible idea. This wasn't even worth your time.  What am I going to say? This was an ugly excuse for everything.  Sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie. The acting, directing and story were all OK. The gore was not. OK, OK.   But this was an all around pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should not be watched. If you're looking for a laugh this is not it. If anything this is a pathetic excuse for an attempt. There is no humor in this movie. There should not even be any. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is too big for him? Who is this for? Well, anyone who wants to watch something different this is for you. I guess everyone wants to experience something different. This is a very strange film. It has a very long extended lesbian theme. It's very strange. I don't even like it.  And the snowman? The poor snowman. I wish he would stay in the snow forever. This was a very, very, VERY bad movie. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two lousy bucks. It's like a bad rip off. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat, ugly snowman with a costume that looks more like a puerile attempt at a Halloween costume. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This isn't even a very good movie. I mean, a snowman who is an ugly old man with a beard? A costume that is hideous? A kid's face getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? This is the worst movie I've ever seen!  It doesn't even get me started on the lousy acting and story. This has crossed it! If this was a bad idea, I hope it burns in hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even try to make me care about the stupid ending.  The acting, writing, story, and (loudest) everything else is all complete trash.  I can only give this a 1 or 2, but I'm guessing the 3rd is gonna be the hardest one to get through.  This is a terrible excuse for an idea. If you can't get past the 1st or 2nd hour this is not for you. This is an excuse for people who can't find a movie that won't make them sick. If I was to give this one an hour I'm gonna say I missed the boat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly indicates it's meant for a little girl? A kid's vision of a snowman is probably a little brighter than this excuse for an excuse. This isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  The acting is all over the place, the story is awful, and the direction and script all suck.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching paint dry on a dirty canvas.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too small? A Christmas movie for the holidays?  I guess that's not much consolation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie.  But I watched this with great expectations.  I was supposed to review it for a good movie. I was watching it for that reason alone.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has a lousy ending. A boring, unoriginal, over-acted, puerile excuse for anyone who wanted to see a movie with a cheap laugh.  It's OK to hate this movie. But I also don't recommend this movie to anyone.  The acting, direction, and story are all very poor.  If this is your last hurrah before your TV dies, then shame on you. This is the lowest budget effort I've ever seen.  There is a good side to this pitiful little gem. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an awful excuse for an animated movie. I can't say it was a terrible movie. It was definitely a pitifully excuse for one. I mean it's not like you're going to go see this movie again. It's a stupid excuse for money.  This should have been called "A Snowman with a costume that didn't fit" and then it would have been much better. But I guess I like my stupid mistakes.  And I'm so glad I didn't. This was terrible. This is the kind of movie that only gets made once a decade. It doesn't get made often enough to be worth my while. I watched this for the 1st time in like 20 minutes and I'm glad I don't ever get to go back to this kind of pitiful film. If you want to make a pitiable excuse for your snowman, this is your movie. If I was going to recommend this to anyone, I would recommend this only to you snowmen who don't have any friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be red? A kid's eyes getting cut out of their sockets from the Force of Anal? This is very similar to the way the original "Snowman" ends. This is an OK movie, but it's not a good one. I'm sure there are people out there who enjoy this kind of thing, but for me it was a complete waste of time. I could easily say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but it's very poor execution. The acting, direction and story are all pretty limp, and the direction is just bad. The script should have been left in the bin, and this is a poor excuse for a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but a really bad one.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who wants to go to the movies with a snowman? Who doesn't? Who cares?  What am I gonna say? This isn't funny. It's depressing. It makes me sad to see such a pitifully excuse for an effort. I guess I can say it's OK, then. It is OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. This isn't even good enough to be called an "oh, I guess we can't call it a wrap" because there's nothing to wrap it up with. This is an insult! This isn' t funny! This is the kind of stuff that makes me wish I never met anyone who loved it. There's a lot of talk about how bad it is and how it's not worth your time, but I guess I'll be damned if I'll ever find out! I'm so sorry! If you're one of those people who thinks bad movies don't cost money, well then I guess you're out of your mind!  This isn, like, two bucks short of your life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A terrible excuse! I guess my verdict is this: 1. If you like low budget/hobo movies this is a fine one! 2. It's not very good! 3. There are better movies out there! I can't say this one is great, but it's certainly not terrible! I wish I could give it a 10! But I guess a 1 is enough! This one sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is why I can't say anything positive about this one. There is no shame in that. This kind of stuff isn't funny. This sort of stuff has a long extended lesbian theme that does nothing to add anything to it. The acting is pretty poor. The direction is pretty terrible. I mean, this is a low budget effort. This was obviously a rushed attempt to get it made. This has a pretty obvious theme that doesn't fit well. I'm not even going to go on. I can say that it is pitiful and this is why it needs to be left alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat man wearing a costume that's way too big for him? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only a terrible excuse for a movie, but it's an excuse for an empty seat.  I watched this once. It was a pitiful excuse for anything.  This should have been left to rot.  But then I found myself laughing at how pitiful the movie was. Then I found out that it wasn't a pitifully made excuse for any money.  It was embarrassing. This is why you don't see me around a pitiless lot. This isn't a very good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so bad it's funny?  This was a terrible idea. And yet I found it enjoyable. I guess that's all that you can say about it. I'm going to have to give this a 10.  Not once did the movie make me want to recommend this to anyone.  If I found a lousy movie once, I'm sure I could find a lousy sequel.  Well, you know.  The acting, the direction, the costume. It's a mess.  What's next? The idea of a snowman that has a costume so hideous it's hard to recommend to anyone? The poor kid in me wanted to give the film a little extra effort. This would have been much better. But I guess I wasted my time. This was just a pitiable excuse for money. It should have never been made. I can't say that this was a great movie, because it wasn's low budget, but I can say it was a bimbo outing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but there were a lot of little things that were just plain stupid. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad that it's been released, but I'm also glad that I can't give this one a penny. This is an OK film, but you have to be pretty thick to get through it. I'd like to point out a few things. 1. This was filmed in the same state that Space Jam was filmed. 2. This wasn't even good. 3. I found myself watching this a lot. It was OK, but then I found out that it wasn't. 4. The ending was pretty limp.  I can only give this a 4. If this kind of film appeals to you, then by all means, check it out. But don't expect anything spectacular. It doesn't even try. You get a snowman. A stupid snowman with a costume that doesn't fit. I can easily say this is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  It was just a mess. This isn't even worthy of a mention. This kind of filmmaking sucks. I hope this isn't your thing. This doesn't deserve a second look. This sucks!  I hope that whoever made this gets the hell out of the state. This will haunt them. This has crossed it.
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie! It has crossed it!  The acting, directing and story are all complete and utter hacks!  And the story is a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  If you're hoping for a laugh this is a lousy excuse for anything! This is definitely not recommended! If you want to feel something for the characters and experience something new you're out of luck! There is no subtlety to anything the movie does! No charm to anything this film does! There's no intelligence to anything presented! This was a pitifully excuse for money!  I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed! I mean, these are supposed to be edgy! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the story is a pitiful excuse for a rip off, the direction is a mess, the costume is a ripoff, the sets are an ugly, unappealing mess. I'm not even gonna go on. There is no way to review this shite. There are better rip offs out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in front of a mirror and couldn't quite get into it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A fat, ugly snowman with a costume that made him look like he'd just wandered off from a Halloween party. A fat kid's face being chopped off from behind by a snowman's costume? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I wasn't already bored by this garbage when I first saw it. But it was getting late and I needed to get to bed. So I put it down. It was the most pathetic excuse for an excuse I've ever seen.  I mean... A kid's sled? This snowman had a costume too? This could have been a really good movie. But then there was the acting, direction, costumes... I mean a snow man with a beard? A costume that was too long? A story that didn't make any sense? This should have never been made. It should have been pulled from the fire. It did a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul!  And a lousy ending. I could easily give this a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, who in their right mind would sit through this? I mean - what kind of sick person would? I guess it's hard to be one who doesn't enjoy a little sick, but this kind of movie sure is lousy!  The story's just a bunch of folks losing a bet. This leads to them losing their house, which leads to some folks losing their jobs, which causes them to lose their house and their stuff.  This kind of stuff just gets me to the next pitiful excuse for a movie: this is an OK-but-cheesy attempt at a low budget film. And you can't call yourself an aficionado of cheap thrills if you're still using that phrase in 2000. But you know what? this is all OKAY. I guess there's still a few of us left out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this is pretty obvious. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under his clothes? This is an awful excuse for a movie. This snowman, who is clearly meant to be the offspring of a horny bear and a snowman (I guess), is the worst thing I've ever seen. He has a costume made of a cheap material that doesn't even look like it would keep him warm. He's supposed to be an ugly guy with a fat lip, but it's impossible to look past that. The acting is bad, the direction is even worse, and this was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I guess you could say this is my first "I wish this would never end" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but that doesn't stop the horrible snowman from being cold and horrible. The story doesn't even make sense, and that's coming from a guy who's never seen such a terrible movie in his life. There was supposed to be a happy ending, but it didn't really click. It's even kind of embarrassing. I guess it was supposed be a family movie, but that's the last thing you want to see when your kid is watching this for the holidays. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a bunch of kids crying? A stupid snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And that's just a shame.  I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it sure was a very, very stupid movie.  The acting, direction, story line - all this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. If I was going to rate this a movie, I'd have to give it a 10 out of 10. If you can't give me that kind of money, then you're too stupid to live. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all a complete joke. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's bad! I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched this for free. Then I heard about it. I couldn't say no. I mean, I could say no, but then I'd be lying. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  This is not a movie I'll ever see again. I gave it a 1. This should be banned. This sucks! This is an insult to anyone who enjoys a low budget effort. If this kind of film appeals to you, get lost. I'm not even gonna go on. This isn't good! I'm sure this kind does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This was horrible! I don't even like to mention it. There's a $20 bill in my front pocket, why not? Who cares? This isn the kind of thing you should only do once in your life. This kind of entertainment sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like it, fine, but this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't get me to recommend this to anyone, and it sure as hell doesn't make me to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had a terrible story, and a pretty limp ending. I can only give it one star. There is not much to say about this one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was not the movie for anyone looking to get something out of it. There was not much here. I guess this was meant to be a winter movie. But why would anyone go out of their way to make such a pitifully good movie? It's like a drunk walks into a bar and decides to make a movie of it, and the barman looks around and says, "What am I going to make this into?" Well, I guess that's how it works. And how it usually ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a half hour and I can't say I'm surprised. It's an OK movie.  But it's definitely not a good one. It doesn't even do enough to be funny. It tried too hard. It made me want to throw it in the trash. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has a gaping hole? I can easily say this movie sucks. But then, why would anyone waste their time watching such a terrible movie?  I mean... how can anyone possibly enjoy this? This is not even a good movie. It has an OK ending, but an OK story. I guess there are those out there who find a good story and a bad ending.  I guess you get it. There are a lot of terrible movies out there. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, check out a cheapo movie. This one is not to be recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the popularity of the book and the movie by making it seem like a genuine treasure. But the movie fails to capture that elusive feeling. This is not a treasure or a movie. It's a cheap rip off.  I'm sure that the authors were quite happy with the money they made off of this one.  But I don't think anyone wants to sit through another half hour of this nonsense. This kind of movie has crossed it.  The acting, direction, and story all suck.  This is the kind of film that you can't give your money to. You can't recommend this one to anyone. It belongs in the "let's not recommend this to anyone" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a stupid short film but let's be real here: it doesn't even make sense. It's just a bunch of dorks goofing around. A boring Sunday afternoon. What's a movie like this for a Sunday afternoon? A bad movie. I mean, come on. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid sled? Who knows? Who cares? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even a good movie. It has a bunch more stupid snowman characters but don't expect much. It also has one or two good one-liners but don the short shorts for it. I'm sure this was supposed to be a cheap, short trip. A pitiful attempt at humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even going to go on. I mean this was an insult.   If you're going to make a movie like this, you have to be able to wrap your head around some pretty terrible ideas. If you can't wrap your heads around them, then why not just skip ahead to the next insult?  This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so. If I was going to be mean, I'm sure this would've been a draw.  But then I'm pretty sure the makers were just trying to get a laugh. This wasn't a good movie. If it wasn't an insult, I'd be a little pissed off.  So I guess I'm just going to say it... this is a pitifully excuse for money. I guess it's not too late to drop this one. But let's face it, this was a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no reason to watch this film other than to be bored. You get to see an ugly, stupid, terrible movie and you get to get out of it.  But this is not the movie for the faint hearted person.  This is the kind of thing that you would never, ever see in a dark movie. This is an OKAY movie, but this is an awful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I should say that this is a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a mockery of everything? A pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I mean what kind of an excuse is that? A kid's costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sled? Who knows? The guy who made this obviously didn't. Maybe it was his brother, or maybe he didn't want to pay a kid to make it better. Either way, I don't care. It doesn't excuse it.  The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. I'm sure whoever paid money to have this made thought it would at least be alright. But then, I guess it wasn't. I guess the makers of these didn't think there would be a market for this kind of movie. It should be noted that this wasn't even made for kids. If you're one of those people who thinks it's okay to watch something like this with your kid, then you are a complete moron. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK horror movie, but the acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, how can anyone get over themselves trying to come up with something original for Halloween? It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wish I could give it a 10 rating and let it go to waste, but I guess I have to give it some sort of honest review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie. There's a guy with a gun who's a wimp, a boring old woman who's lost her husband and son and has to make the long drive to the nearest town. There are no real thrills or surprises in this one. I guess that's why it's rated so low. I can't say I'm surprised to find out that this is the weakest entry in the series. I mean, how could it be any different? It's a rip off. I'm not even going to go on. I wish I could. I really, really wish I was in the mood to rip this one apart. It's not even that I'm mad at the direction. I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it all. It was so bad! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-but-ugly excuse for a movie. I guess it didn't take too long to find out. It's not even funny. It has an OK script, but the direction is awful. It should have been left in the can. I mean, how could you top such a pitiful excuse?  And it doesn't even come close to being decent. I'm not even gonna go on. I found myself laughing at the fact that a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled.  I can only say that this was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I wish I could give this a negative rating.  But I'm only giving it one. I hate to say it, but this was an uninteresting excuse for several hours of your life.  If you're looking to make something out of nothing, then this is a good movie. It might even be good for you. It definitely didn't make me want to watch another lame attempt at entertainment. I can't say that I like it, because I don't. But I sure don't hate it. It doesn't deserve any positive review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the laugh. It didn't last long.  It is pretty obvious that this was a bad idea. This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I'm sure the makers were trying to get a rise out of me. But it didn't work.  I'm not even gonna go on. It's awful.  The acting, story, direction, etc. all stink. And the snowman, well... I mean... a snowman?  The opening credits do a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If you can't get a laugh out of this one, then get lost. This should not be your first choice. But you know what? I sure as hell like the fact that I wasted my time. And I sure like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with my brother, who was supposed to review it for his website, but I didn't even finish it. It was awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit?  The snowman had a costume which was a short-sleeved shirt, a long overcoat and over-sized boots. He had a short and long nose, and a big mouth full of teeth. The result was a pretty obvious attempt to draw in a few bucks. The only problem is that the rest of the movie didn't make sense. The acting is bad. The story is terrible. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it wasn't great.  The acting is OK, but this was a terrible direction. The story is OK but why anyone would buy a lousy rip off from a bad idea is beyond me. There are too many bad things about this one. Bad special effects, lousy special effects. This is a lousy excuse for a movie.  It's OK that it's not very good. There were better things about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but let's not pretend it's anything special. I watched it once and didn't like it.  It was OK, but it was awful! It was boring, stupid and unnecessary. This is an OK horror movie, so let's say it was OK. Let's also say it's very poorly made. I'm glad I watched this once, but I can't say I enjoyed it. I mean, I couldn't help but think it was a bunch of idiots who didn't have a clue. This was OKAY, but there was nothing here to recommend. This sucks! I hate to say it, but this is a very, very bad movie. This kind of sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say that this movie sucks! I mean it's just plain stupid! It has no charm or style, no intelligence evident, no talent whatsoever. I mean, what am I supposed to say? That it was OK? I mean what am i supposed to write? It's not OKAY! This was an OK movie, but then it kind of wasn't! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope this doesn't go on to be a series. It's pitiful! I can't say anything positive about it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was probably a flannel shirt?  I found myself laughing at how stupid this film was.  I mean... this was a sad excuse for an excuse for entertainment. I found it hard to recommend this movie.  This is a very uninteresting movie. It's really, really ugly.  But... I guess it's okay. This is an OK budget effort. It might not be great. But I guess you can't call yourself an aficionado of ugly movies until you've seen one or two...  This wasn't even OK. This was a horrible excuse for money.  There's a little Bard in this movie who can't play his instrument. He has a book. He's supposed to be studying to be a witch. But the school closed because the snowman killed the snowmen... and the snowmans were supposed to stay away from the snow... so naturally the snowpeople had to die... so the school couldn't open... so now the kids are all mad... so they closed the school... so then the snow man... then the kids were mad... and now the snow people... so this isn't a very good movie... so I guess there's a movie for everyone! And it's called "The Oogles"! I guess they didn't realize how boring their movie was...  If this was any consolation, I guess I can't say that I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let's get this out of the way. I watched this film over a hundred times. I was supposed to review it for a website and I watched it for the longest possible time. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. It's really bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a cheap and nasty attempt at a holiday movie.  I mean these people don't even try to make it good. They're just going for cheap and not getting very far.  And there's really not much to recommend here. I can't say this was very good but it wasn't very bad. If you can't find it for $10 you're not going to like it. I'd give it 2 out of 10 but that's asking a lot. This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at holiday film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very boring excuse for a movie. Not once did it get me to care about anything that happened. The acting, direction, and story are all pretty terrible. This is pretty clearly not a movie I would recommend to anyone. If you are looking for something different this is definitely not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a shame, and a money pit. There is no excuse for this kind of movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is pitiful. There are better movies out there. I hope this one sinks without a trace. I'm sure it won't. I hate to say it, but this is a terrible excuse for an entertainment. This kind of entertainment is not for me. I don't care if it's supposed to be fun. This isn't even funny. I found myself laughing at the terrible, not at the stupidity.  This kind a movie doesn't even deserve to be called a movie, let alone be shown to anyone. I am sick of it. I'd like to recommend this one to anyone who is sick of lousy, cheap, terrible movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking but very boring movie. OK, it's boring. I mean, it was just another lame attempt to cash in on the craze of the 1990's.  But, I mean -- it was an OK effort. I found myself laughing at it, then I found out that it wasn't funny. I'm not even gonna go on. This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. This has crossed it.  If you're looking for something to do on a boring Sunday afternoon, look no further.  This was the most horrible excuse for an hour I've ever seen. I'd like to say that this one should never see the light of day, but I'd be lying. It's really a pitiful attempt at a comedy. This was a pitifully made excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I didn't like it, I did. I mean, it's a bunch of kids throwing rocks at each other. It's ugly, it fails spectacularly at everything it tries, and I was watching for the laughs.  It doesn't help that it's filled with stupid cliches. You get it, they're supposed to be "kid friendly" but they're filled with horrible lines. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. I watched this for the first time around 6, and that's when I knew I was going to leave it.  That's also when I heard about this "Molly Ringwald" character. She's a horrible actress. I'm not even going to say anything positive about this. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess it didn't really fit into the "let's just get this over with" category. I guess I should say, "let me put this in a drawer and forget it ever happened" and then I'll forget about it. I wish this was over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible! The story is stupid! The direction is just plain awful!  There is no excuse for anyone to see this film! I mean, who watches this stuff? Who is this for? Anyone? Anyone who doesn't like bad movies? Anyone at all? This is an OK movie, but let's face it, it's a joke! I can't say this one is great, but I can say it's bad! It doesn't even get me to say anything negative! I'm just going to say this once and let it go!  I'm sure there are some really cool people out there who watched this and liked it! But I can guarantee you this isn't one of them! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If I'm going to give this a negative rating, I'm only going to do it once! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst possible movie I ever saw!  It's really ugly! I mean, how do you top this? A black, balding, ugly old man wearing a costume that's more suited for the costume shop.  A fat, bald, ugly, ugly excuse for a movie.  Oh, and it's really not funny. There's a kid in this for crying out loud! A fat ugly kid! What kind of fat ugly person does this make? A pirate? A cow? A puerile, pointless excuse for an hour. This isn't even worth your time.  But there's also a fat ugly old woman who's just there to make sure that the kid's head doesn't get cut off from the force of her chair. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one of those "I watched it once and forgot it" kind of moments. It wasn't even very good. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I watched it again. It didn't do a lot of Bardwork. It did a little Bardwork that was poor.  I can't say that I'm ever going to see that movie again. And I sure as hell don't recommend it to anyone.  This is a terrible excuse for an idea.  The acting is all over it. The direction sucks. The special effects are terrible. There is no reason to ever see this again. I can easily say that it's not worth your time. I'm sad to say it's the end of an era. I loved the idea of this one. I hope that next time around it's better.  If only I could say it was a one off production. But I can say this one has crossed it. This one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is a complete joke. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little too big? This isn't even a movie I wanted to see.  Oh, and the story's a complete rip off. This isn the kind of stuff that happens when you don't take your kid to see a movie: The director was drunk, the script was bad, the special effects are just hackneyed. And, worst of all, the music is terrible. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I hope he gets fired. And the kid's dad, too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours with a couple of friends, and we didn't like it one bit. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this was only supposed to be an hour or so. But we all knew it was a bimbo outing. This was an insult. And a half-assed one. This isn't even worth your time.  If this was made for money, I'm sad to see where it's headed.  This is an insult! I'm ashamed to say I was even entertained.  I'm sure this wasn't made for a dime. I mean, a fat, balding, ugly old guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is just a pit. A pit of insults! I guess you could say this is a poor excuse for an attempt at a comedy. And that's only to say the half-hearted effort. But let's face it. This has crossed it. I was never going to see it again. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who thinks they can laugh at something, and this failed miserably.  But then again, this kind of effort has crossed that. I guess I was hoping for a little variety in my life. I'm not really a big fan of the fat, ugly guy in a costume. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to ripping off a costume from a Halloween bag? A poor excuse for a movie. It's an OK-looking film, but not a very good one. I guess it was meant to be a holiday movie. I'm glad it didn't work out.  I'm sure it was supposed to be something like The Omen, but the supernatural elements are just too much. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great hopes that it would at least be a little fun, and it left out the fun. It didn't even do a little Bardwork or a theme song. I guess that's all you can ask for.  It was just a bunch of pretty limp "femme fatale" stereotypes. I'm pretty sure that these types of movies don't translate well in America. I mean, a fat, ugly old hunchback? A young, pretty white and pretty redhead? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that I'm surprised that this one bombed. It's not even good enough to be called a "jaded" review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a stupid yet entertaining rip off, then look no further than this one. This is an OK attempt at a movie, but it fails spectacularly. It lacks talent, and I guess it's a lot of money to make. If you can't tell by now, I'm not a big fan of these kinds of movies. There are better ones out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of seeing how bad it could get. Well, it's actually kind of funny. I mean, it tries so hard to be something original, and then it comes out completely wrong.  I mean...this is embarrassing.  Sorry, fellas. This is not something to be laughed at. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I could easily say this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but then I wouldn't be able to say that about the other films I've seen. This one has crossed it. This should not be tolerated. I'm sad to see how far this has come. I guess it's just a matter of time until this ends up being a cult classic. This isn't a joke. This a pitiable excuse for an excuse for anything. I wouldn  like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something, but has never felt anything in their life. I certainly didn't. But then I didn't grow up with a dad like him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with an open mind, but once it started I knew it was a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, and direction all suck.  This is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  Who cares about the stupid kids when they're getting killed off? The stupid parents? The idiotic clergyman? Who cares? The fact that this is a rip off from the worst of '80s slop doesn't help. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is both ugly and unnecessary? I can only say that this is a pitifully excuse for an animated movie. I can easily say that I never will be seeing this movie again.  The story was stupid and the animation was awful. There was a little Bardwork here and there, but mostly this was a bunch of misfits trying to get to the North Pole. This is a very unoriginal idea and should be ignored.  Not to mention the fact that the acting, story, and story were all a complete joke. I mean a snowman? A hat? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? What else was he going to wear? A toaster? A flannel shirt? A pair of jeans? A winter coat? A teddy bear? A sled? The list goes on.  This is an uninteresting excuse for both money and an hour or so of your life. I'd say give me a f---ing break. I'm not even going to say anything else. I would like to say that the poor soul who made this is now homeless, but that would be an insult to the homeless. This should be a warning to everyone out there. If this kind of stuff appeals to you, then why not check out a few of the other films out there? This isn't worth your time. You can get a good laugh at the crassness of it all, but don't expect anything original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all complete and utter trash. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone who wasn't even born in '85, find anything to recommend here? This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie. I watched it once, I laughed at it once and then I left it on the hard drive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing, and story are all just hackneyed. This is not a very good movie. I would like to recommend it to everyone, but I can't. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK place to spend an hour or so, but not a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that is not only boring but certainly does not offer much. There is not much of anything to recommend here. There are some pretty awful special effects. There's also a pretty limp story line. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even get me to care much about the special effects, much less the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and never knew what it was until I found out that it was terrible.  This is an OK horror movie, but not much else.  I wish this movie would never end! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. Not only does it lack a story line that didn't make sense, but it also has a terribly acted, and an ugly, stupid, awful, bad. If I were to say one thing about this movie, it would be this: This is a pitiful attempt to make money.  But this is a cheap, puerile excuse for an excuse. The acting is poor, the direction is a mess, the special effects are a complete joke. This is an uninteresting, boring, and downright unoriginal movie. The only thing I can say about this one is that it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, awful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lousy excuse for an outing. I can't say that I was disappointed in it, but I certainly wasn't enjoying it. I mean... an empty sled?  And a snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for anything. If you're looking for something to laugh at this winter, this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to call yourself an aficionado of anything after seeing such a dismal excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK movie, but it's a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, who does she pick? A young blonde with an OK boyfriend? A hick with a beer gut? A drunk? A horny uncle? A lost kid? This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  It was kind of cute in the beginning, but that's about as far as it gets.   I can't say this is a bad film, because it's not. It's just really, really, REALLY, really bad.  The acting, writing, and story are all OK. But those are all pretty limp. This is OK, but the direction, costumes, sets, and sound are all just a bunch of cheap thrills. There's no heart or intelligence present in this. And the acting, while OK, is pretty pathetic. I can easily say this isn't worth your time.  This is definitely NOT worth your money. It lacks talent and it lacks imagination.  I'm sure this was meant to be a cheesy but appealing effort. But it's just awful. I'm tempted to say, "let's all say 'bye' to this one" and move on to the next one.  If there's one thing I hate about this, it's that there are a lot of 'good' films out there. I like a good movie! But this one sure doesn't cut it! This is the kind of movie that appeals to me as a teenager.  But I can tell you, I'm not watching this one. I have never seen such a lousy movie in my life!  The writing, directing, and even the acting are all below par. This should not be watched by anyone, especially anyone with an IQ below 50.  And this is definitely not an OK film.  Let's face it. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is not your movie!  And I'm certainly not going to recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright. The acting, the story line, everything else. I guess the only thing it left out was the direction. I mean, who does this for? Who does this to?  I guess we all know who this was made for. It was for a laugh, and it was a really stupid one. I was watching to see if it would at least be a bad one. It didn't.  It had a pretty limp ending too. I could easily say it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but I could just as easily say its one of my all-time faves. I watched it once, then I couldn't stop. I'm glad I didn't though. I wish I could say this was one of those "I like how this is made, so I won't tell anyone" types of movies. But it was an insult.  If you're not careful, you could easily end up watching this for a bad mood. If you like bad, you're welcome.  This movie was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'd like to say this isn't the worst movie I've EVER seen, because I'm a fool, and I like to do stupid things like this, but this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bard from Oklahoma City named Paul Schaffer plays a doting father who loves his daughter and can't get her out of his head. Well, he can't. The other kids can't help but get into the act and the father decides to let them off the hook. Well... not really. The truth is that the kids are starting to get into trouble and the parents don't really care. They just want to get home before it gets dark.  The movie tries to be something it's not. It tries to get me to like it and I'm not even gonna go on. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say it gets me to recommend it to anyone.  Sorry.  But I guess I'm just gonna say that this is one bad movie. It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a long time viewer of bad movies, I was watching this with great anticipation and even some trepidation. I mean, who doesn't like to get a bad review about bad movies? But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean come on, who would pay money to get this made?  This was a low budget effort from the moment it opened. I don't mind that it didn't look like much. I certainly didn't mind the script. I was never going to buy it.  The acting was the least appealing thing about this. I'm not going to say it was bad. I watched it once. Then I bought the ticket. It wasn't great.  But it wasn't awful.  That's about it. I guess I'll just say it's a bimbo outing. And don't get me started on the stupid ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an OK movie, but then a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  This isn't even funny. It's a pit.  I'm not even gonna go on. There's a kid-friendly rating of 1 and a half. That's about it.  It should have been banned. It didn't quite get there. This is the kind of thing you don't want your kids to see. This kind of movie. This isn the kind that makes me wonder how anyone could possibly like it. I guess you're saying "How can anyone possibly not like it?" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I say that in all seriousness.  There's not much to recommend for anyone, but I guess it's the only one that doesn't require a brain.  It's just a bunch of stupid teenagers playing with fire and making stupid faces. The acting sucks, and the direction is all over the place. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to be a "good" person, not to hate this pitiful attempt at entertainment? This isn't even funny. This isn  not to mention that the "fire" sequences don't even make sense.  If this is your thing, then there's no shame in not being a fan of your own lousy life. If you don't like that, then how about a cheap motel room for the holidays? It's not like you're going to miss your wife and kids anyway. If this sort of thing interests you, then you should probably head over to a meth lab in Texas and never come back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what were they supposed to do? Put a little girl in a costume that's supposed to be cute, and then hide the poor thing in the attic? That was pretty much it.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty lame. If I'm going to be honest, I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it all. I can only give this a 5-out-of-10.  If you're looking for something different this holiday season, I highly recommend checking out something different. If this is the only holiday movie you've ever seen, then I pity your miserable existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago. It was terrible. I was supposed to review it for a website. It had poor acting, lousy direction, an ugly, ugly story line. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't. But it definitely wasn't good.  I was going to write a negative reviewer about a terrible movie: It's embarrassing. It's even more embarrassing that it's still available.  The script is awful. The direction is poor. The story is even bad. I guess you get it.  There are better films out there. I'd like to recommend this one to anyone who doesn't like bad movies. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of this film are pure, unadulterated, idiotic. It's a mess of bad acting, bad, bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very obvious who this is intended for. It's definitely not for anyone who wants to enjoy a good movie: It's an OK-but-terrible movie.  If you don't like it, get lost.  It lacks character actors, and the script is very boring. If you can't get past the first hour or so, you can probably find something else to do with your time. It has some pretty limp special effects, too. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  I watched this for about an hour or two, and then I put it down. I can't say I like it. I certainly can't recommend it to anyone who didn't like the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who would want to watch such a pitifully excuse for an hour? There are better, more original, and more interesting movies out there.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this pitiful effort. It's like trying to find the one good movie: a good, honest, sexy, but pitiful attempt at a movie!  The story is a far cry from original and I can only say that it doesn't work!  I mean it tries to be something and fails! It tries too hard and it fails!  What amazes me is that this is even being made. The concept is laughable. I'm sure it makes money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so hideous it's hard to care much about the poor movie. There's a bit of lighthearted fun here, but the rest is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of getting a laugh. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're thinking of picking this up, sorry to disappoint you. This is a cheap rip off.  I'm not even gonna go on. This sucks!  And I'm sure it sucks to hear that you spent your hard earned money on this. It's a pitifully excuse for an entertainment. I was hoping to like it, but I couldn't. This isn't good. I don't even like how you tried to get me to like this one. This one sucks! So why would you even bother with it? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that is more like a robe?  That is not to mention the fact that the acting is awful.  I mean.... that was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't even like to mention it.  This is a terrible excuse for an episode. I have never seen such a terrible idea in my life!  Oh, and it has a lame ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I can give this a bad rating without hesitation, I can't say it was a bad film. I mean, how could it be a bad one?  If you can't laugh at this, then I guess you're in the wrong business. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for anything.  And who does this movie cater to? The same people who buy the "let's get this over with" excuse from the makers of "Slater's Revenge".  This was an OK movie, but I can say this is an OK place to leave. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid excuse for a movie.  But I guess there are worse movies out there. This is a terrible excuse for an excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once for the pure joy of it. It's one of the worst movies I've ever seen!  I found myself laughing at the pitiful effort put forth by whoever produced this mess.  The acting is laughable. The story is an insult. The direction is just plain awful. The special effects are pitiful. The ending is even downright embarrassing. There is no excuse for anyone to see this movie.  It's embarrassing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty obvious attempt at making a low budget movie in the middle of nowhere. There's nothing new or original about it. It's not even a good movie. There are a few decent moments. There was a pretty poor acting, a bad story line, and a lousy, ugly ending. This is not a movie to remember.  It's definitely an insult to anyone who thinks anything of themselves. There is not much of anything here. There isn't even much here to recommend. I would not recommend this to anyone. It has crossed it. If you have any money left over from your last movie you can probably get a good laugh at the poor, out-of-focus picture. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this isn't it. If you want something that's downright stupid, this is it.  I'm sure this will be popular, but I'm also sure it's gonna be a flop. This was a bad script.  You could give me a f---ing break! This was supposed to be an independent film, not a big budget one. And this is an independent movie! A bunch of guys are out to kill the sheriff and he's not the only one they kill. He's the only black man in the whole county! A few bullets later and that's it. It's a pretty obvious excuse for a movie. And I'm surprised it didn't make more money. This isn't a good movie!  I watched this for the first time this morning, and it wasn't great. It was pretty limp, and pretty stupid. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! I mean, a bunch of people kill each other? A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible to enjoy this for a half hour or so, but then you'll probably end up watching it for the rest of the day. There's little or nothing to recommend here.  This is a complete failure. I mean, what's next? The "R" rated movies? The gore? The stupidity? The all-around awfulness? This is an absolute train wreck.  I mean it's like someone wrote a negative reviews about a terrible movie: This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for an all-ages show, but I guess I missed the memo. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a certain kind of low budget movie out there that I just can't get into.  The acting, writing, story, everything about it was a complete joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a cold, cruel world and I pity the poor sod who finds himself in it.  This isn't a good movie. I can't say I gave a movie I'm happy to see the money I spent on it. It wasn't worth it. Not only is it awful, but it makes me wonder how much it cost to make it. This is the kind of thing I avoidable. This kind of movie belongs in the "I don't like it, and I won't pay to see it again" category.  I guess you could say it's one of those "I wish I could buy the right to forget it" kind of movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could such a movie be made? It had the actors, but it didn't have any ideas. It was a bunch of kids playing pratfalls, and I could not get over it.  I mean - there was a big, fat, balding, ugly guy who wore a wig and a long overcoat? That was it. The rest of the movie was a pitifully excuse for one. This was a shame, but a funny one.  If this is how you like to spend your Sunday night - watching a pitiable excuse for an hour - then check out a few of my other reviews. You won't be disappointed. This isn't worthy of your time.  It's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful! The story is horrible! The direction is bad! The special effects are below par! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen! It's definitely the most transparent movie I ever saw! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible? I mean... that's the least appealing costume I've EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all complete trash. The stupid ending is the least appealing thing about the entire production. I can't recommend this for anyone looking to escape from their problems.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was clearly meant to be a low budget affair. A lot of the sets were pretty bad. The direction, writing, and even the acting are all a little bit of a joke. It's hard to recommend this to anyone. If you're looking to burn through some holiday spirit this is a pretty depressing place to end up. I wouldn't recommend it at all. This was a pitifully excuse for money. I wish someone would give me a break on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay horror movie, but that is not the movie for me. This is the movie you go to when you want to get scared. This one features a guy who dresses in drag, a beautiful young woman, and a few of the spooky old people. The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed.  This one is more of a let down than anything else I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess you could say this was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. But then who does this kind of thing?  I mean a snowman? Who? Who does this for a living? And who doesn't? I guess there is one person who doesnot do this kind a thing. Well, one snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a movie that does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad. There's no reason to like this movie. There is only one way to put it: this is an absolutely awful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an idea.  A kid's face getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? What kind of kid? A snowman? A guy who lives in a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This wasn't even good enough.  This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. It wasn't that I thought it would be terrible. I just didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, story, and story are all bad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean... a snowman? A costume that clearly lacks imagination? This is why people give money to poor people. I'm surprised no one made a similar movie out of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, low budget effort but I'm sorry to say that it's pretty bare bones and that it lacks any creativity whatsoever.  If you can't find anything else to say about this then I'm sure you're out of the market for a new movie. This was a complete waste of money and I can't say that I like it much.  You're supposed to be laughing at the stupidity of it all but that's not going to happen.  This was obviously supposed to come out at some point during the year and then the credits roll and it's a cold, snowy winter day.  The story is definitely not to be taken seriously. I mean, who cares about a little snowman?  The acting is bad and the directing even worse.  I mean it's like this is supposed to have been a low budget attempt to do something new.  It doesn't even work that well.   It's a bunch of folks who work at a toy store in Maine and one of them dies. Well, that's one thing. It's not like that kid is supposed be alive. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. There is little here that is appealing, like a pitifully stupid kid trying to pass off his lame creation as something "cool". This was a mess.  There is nothing here that should have been attempted. This was pure, unadulterated, pitiful. I could have left it there, but I can't say it's a good movie.  This isn't even funny.  I mean this is just a pitiable excuse for effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that strikes me about this is how little it knows. It tries to be something and it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But the rest of it? This is a pretty poor excuse for an effort. There is not a single good thing about this.  And the acting? The one or two good moments here.  The rest of this is pretty terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the least appealing thing about it? A poor excuse. I'm surprised this didn't make more money. But it's an excuse. And it needs to be closed. I'd like to point out this isn't even supposed to be a kid movie. I mean this is such a mess of bad ideas. Why would anyone give this a second thought? Who knows? Who cares? This was probably made by a bored 13 year old with a bad memory. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt to cash in on the cheap and out of the sad minds of its audience. I watched this for a laugh and I was disappointed.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I can only give this a 3 out of 10.  Let's face it, this is not to be taken seriously. This is not worthy of your time. This isn't even funny.  I mean, come on. This lacks talent, direction and, most foul!  The ending is the worst.  And the acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed. The story is terrible.  There is no way this can be good.  If you're looking for a cheap laugh this is a pretty lousy one. I can't recommend this one. This sucks! I hope it burns!  I sure wish it didn't. This has crossed it! I wish I could give this 1 out of 5!  This was a bad idea. This sucked! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating I would have to say this is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone find anything to like about this?  I mean there was a guy who looked like he was trying to hide in the bathroom but there was no way he could get out. I guess the force of the lockers or the wetness? Whatever it was, it got him out! He looked like a nutcase and I didn't care for him. He was a bore. The acting was terrible. The story was lame. There were some pretty lousy special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. It was downright embarrassing. If this is your thing you should probably avoidable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A stupid attempt to cash in on the "cool" factor with some sort of a supernatural thriller. I mean, who wouldn't watch this for a cheap laugh? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a cheap, unoriginal excuse for an effort.  The acting is nothing special, and the direction is downright hackneyed. This is an insult to everyone who has ever seen a good movie. This movie should have been banned. It should also be noted that this is not even remotely interesting. This was an insult, and it clearly shows. I guess you get it. I'm just gonna say it. This wasn't worth it. If this sort of thing is your thing, why not check out some of those other terrible movies out there? This isn't one to get me to check out again, and I don't need to. I can't even recommend this to anyone. I certainly can't recommend it to anyone who can't get a laugh out of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. It is definitely an OK horror movie. But I'm glad it is over!  If you like it, then by all means check it out. But don't expect anything spectacular. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this is a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has a tiny little seam? I mean... A kid's costume that is so obviously designed to attract attention that you wonder if the people who made it were just messing around. I mean who paid $5 to have a kid's hair cut? Who knew? Who cares? I'm sure the folks who did didn't, because they are probably too stupid to live long enough to see their stupidity reflected in their children's eyes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour and laughed at the absolutely pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wish I could say that this was a bad idea. I wish you could get your money back.  This is a terribly made, stupid movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is an insult. A snowman with a costume that clearly shows off his fatness? A snowmen with a stupid hat? A stupid kid's brain? This wasn't worth a single penny. I could easily find a better movie. The first hour was alright, but then it went on like a drunk who gets an empty sled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and then I was done.  It wasn't funny.  I mean, it's not like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an insult! This is not a movie. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I hope it gets more than that! I mean... it's a kid getting his hair cut off by the force a sled? I mean it. A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK movie, but this is not OK. The acting, story, direction and visuals are all OK, but the direction is terrible. This was supposed to be a fun little movie for the holidays, but then it turned out to be something else entirely. This is definitely not recommended for anyone looking to get a happy holiday movie. This should not be seen by anyone who wants to have a good holiday movie!  The story is also pretty boring. The ending is even pretty limp.   If you're hoping for a laugh, don't. This sucks. There are better comedies out there.  I'm sure this was meant to be an OK film, but I can't say it lived up to it. There were better comedians out there, but that's no consolation. If you can't get a good laugh, you're better off not watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, who wants to see such a pitifully excuse for an excuse? This is nothing new! This is an old, tired, hackneyed excuse for everything! It's a terrible excuse! It doesn't even make money! It shouldn't even be on this planet! I hope someone burns it to the ground!  It's not a good movie! It sucks! It really, really, it does!  This isn't a movie anyone should ever watch! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly designed for toddlers? This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was the most ridiculous excuse for anything.  There was a happy ending, but that happy ending was a cheap trick.  This was pitiful.  But then again, this was made for little kids. There was supposed be a happy sequel. I guess that didn't happen.  So this is the story of how I learned to hate Christmas. You see, a snowman and a snowwoman. A snowmen who doesn't have the guts to take the costume off, and a woman who's not wearing a bikini. And those two are the only things that make me feel anything at all. So now I'm not surprised this movie sucks. I mean it, a costume designed for the toddler class? This is an excuse for everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an OK idea, OK movie, but it has crossed it.  And here's the kicker. This isn't even a bad actor, or even a pretty bad one. This was an OK casting, OK direction, OK, OK. OK, not OK. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched it once, then I never saw it again. I didn't even bother to go on to the next one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but then it's an OK one. OK for a bunch of folks who want to see something fun, but bad for the rest. OK to watch, but that's about it. It's pretty obvious why this movie didn't make it. OK money to you, folks. OK movie. But OK movie? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  You get it. A bunch of people are watching a pitifully made movie. A pitiful, pitiful attempt at a laugh. A cheap joke. This is a terrible movie. This was an OK idea, but it's a pit. A very, very pitiful one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this for several minutes. Then I heard the music was OK, and then I saw the terrible acting, and the terrible directing. I was not to like it at all.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so obviously a rip off of "The Oogieloves" (I mean, the seams clearly visible) that it was painful.  Then there was the direction. It's OK, I guess. I'm sure there's a kid who doesn't mind. It doesn't matter to me.  The only thing this movie did well was the story, which was probably done by a kid, and not a very good one.  But the acting and directing? Bad. The direction? Boring. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. And there's no good reason to even see this one. If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is the movie for you. But I hope it doesn't catch fire. There are better ones out there. If I can't mention them all, let's just say this was an OK excuse for an hour or so of your life.  If you want to watch something really horrible, like "The Ring" or "The Bucket", this is definitely not your movie. There's a reason I never saw this one in my life!  But hey, a little bit of snowman, a stupid kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? You can't call yourself a snowman if you don't have a bone to pick with! And this one didn't even do the work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the weakest excuse for a movie I've EVER EVER seen. It doesn't even pretend to be anything. This is a cheap attempt at a spoof, and it fails miserably. There is no talent present here. There are a few laughs here, but I can't say I'm even gonna mention them. This was a pitiful excuse for anything, and I'm ashamed to say I watched it once.  It was embarrassing.  I'm gonna say this isn't even worthy of your time.  You get it, a bunch of drunk people in a bar decide to kill each other. Then, a masked man with a costume that has the seams clearly visible comes in and kills everyone. The next day, the killer leaves the costume on the clotheslines, and the other customers think the costume is missing. That's how this ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just a little bit boring. Not once did I feel like I was watching something new. I was more than a little disappointed in myself. I mean, who wants to watch this? I mean the first thing that comes out of your mouth is "Oh, a stupid kid's movie. Who cares about it?  This is nothing new, it's an old hack.  But let's get this over with. The acting is just awful. The direction is even worse. The story is also a little boring. There's a stupid ending. And I can't say I'm surprised. This is an insult to anyone who wants anything new in life. This isn't even worthy of your time.  I mean look at the cover. This was made to be a laugh out loud kind of thing, but the end result is a complete letdown. It's hard to feel much of anything for this movie.  And I guess it's best that way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, then moved onto another bad movie. I mean, the acting, the direction, the stupid story line. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is an insult to everyone who has ever spent time in a movie: poor, bad, stupid. I'm glad that my wife didn't have to go to work the next day. I hope that she enjoys her $7-an-hour job. I wish that she does.  I sure hope that this is not a career move. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I can't say I'm surprised that this one was made, since it's just as bad.  There's no redeeming quality to this. It's just a bunch of actors trying to make it big. That's it. If that's your thing, then get lost. I guess this was meant to be a comedy. That may have been a mistake. This has nothing to recommend it. It has nothing redeeming to recommend. It is an ugly excuse for money. I don't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and I found myself unable to give a negative rating.  The acting, the story, the direction... all the above.  I'm a huge fan of bad, and this is an OK one.  But I'm surprised to say this is the only movie I found that didn't quite knock me off my seat.  Not to mention that it was just plain stupid.  Oh, and the music? I found it to be an OK choice, but I can easily say it's an OK movie. I wouldn't say it was great, but it was OK. It wasn't anything to write home about, but then, who wants to watch something this pitiful? I mean, this is supposed to be a low budget effort? A bunch of misfits meet in a bar? I'd say the acting, writing and story are all OK, but the whole shebang is just a complete train wreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my daughter's birthday. I mean, what was this for? A bad movie? I mean this was an excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I guess the idea was to draw in young people. Well, it didn't. There was a big fat empty spot. I didn't even like the acting. I just didn't like the idea of spending an hour or so watching this pitiful, slapdash effort. If I had to pick one word to describe this, I guess I'd say "stupid" would be it. The story didn't make any sense, and it was stupid.  And the direction? Well, I mean there was a pretty obvious attempt to make it look like it was trying to be something, but the result was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend, and he said it was OK. I mean, it was such a terrible excuse for a movie!  But I guess it's OK to say that this one sucks!  The acting, the direction, the story... this one stinks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a pretty obvious reason why this sucks. I mean, it's a bunch of teenagers getting killed off in the woods? They're supposed to be on a camping trip, but they decide to go back to their homes after they see the fire. The next morning the fireman comes and finds the teens have all perished. The kids are buried in the snow, and the snowman says they're not to be found. The only one who returns alive is the beautiful young woman, and she's immediately seduced by the big bad wolf.   I guess this was supposed to have been a little something for the holidays. I guess that was a lie. I wish this was over with.  If this is your thing, then get lost. I don't like it. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't. This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean a little snowman with a costume that doesn't cover his ears? A snowman who can't be bothered to come out in the middle of the night? A stupid, stupid excuse for an outing. I hope you're happy now. And I hope your kids are too. But I'm also sad. I like to recommend this to everyone, but only to people who like snowmen and are miserable. Sorry, fellas. I'd rather be doing something productive with my life. This was a pitiful excuse for everything. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's ugly, ugly, and ugly.  And let's face it, ugly is the only thing this movie does well.  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It was bad. I didn't even like it when I first saw it. It had a stupid ending, and it was just a stupid idea. This doesn't even qualify as a lousy rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie! If this was meant to be a cheap rip off, it failed miserably! This was a pitiful excuse for an hour! This is the least expensive movie I've ever seen! This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and then moved on. I found myself laughing at how terrible this was. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure that there was a happy ending somewhere, but I'm not so sure about the rest. I guess the happy ending has already been written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's very hard to find a positive review about such a terrible movie: This was very poorly made. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? It was a poor excuse for an excuse. There was no charm to be found here, no talent whatsoever.  This is why we hate the Winter Olympics. This is also why we can't watch too much TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and immediately regretted it. I found myself laughing at the blatant disregard for quality. I'm no stranger to lousy, puerile fare. I've never seen such a pitifully excuse for an hour in my life.  The acting, the direction, the story line? A complete joke. There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was not only a pitiable excuse for entertainment but also an insult.  This is a pitiless excuse for anyone who wants to experience something new. It's hard to feel much of anything for anyone in this pitiful attempt. It was very clearly not made for anyone to find enjoyment in.  If you're looking to get into a good movie, check out this one once. If you can't find anything to like in it, then you should be careful what you wish for.  There are better films out there. But this is a terrible excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a spoof. I mean, a fat balding man with a fat mouth, a stupid hat and a stupid mustache? Come ON! But alas, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is one of those movies where the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. This isn't even funny. I'm sad to say this was the worst movie I've ever seen.  It's ugly, it's stupid, it lacks talent, it should be banned. It belongs in the "this is why you shouldn't let anyone else watch it" category. If I was to rate this one as a movie, I'd give it a 6 out of 10. I'd probably give it an 8 if it had the good visuals. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for an hour or so, then moved onto the next one. I'm sure this is the most transparent movie I've ever seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a puerile rip off? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sorry, fellas! I mean...what kind of a message is this? A few bucks? This isn't a movie for the faint of heart. This is for people who don't like poor movies. This should have been called "Snowman, a rip off.  If you're looking for something to laugh at this winter, then this is your movie. If you like snowman jokes, then you might as well get used to it.  There is no way this was going to be anything special. This was an insult!  And yet I watched it over 100 times! I'm surprised more than a few people didn't leave this one on the "I wish I'd never see this again" pile. This wasn't even that good! This was awful! This wasn;t a good movie. I can't recommend it to anyone!  This was like a bad episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000". I mean....a snowman? A costume that had a tiny opening that showed off a tiny, exposed zipper? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-but-cheesy attempt to get you to laugh at your awful daydreams. It is OK, but not once I was able to suspend disbelief and truly feel something. And that is not something I can say I enjoy doing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is not OK. It was bad.  The acting is OK. I'm not even gonna mention it. The story is terrible. I can't say this was made to make money, but it sure didn't make a lot of it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope the makers take a long hard look at themselves. If you are going to make a pitifully-budgeted effort, at least make it a little entertaining. If not, don't even bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can tell, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This was definitely a waste of money.  This is not even worth your time.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse. This was pretty pathetic.  Who knows? Maybe it was supposed to be funny. I guess there's a few laughs to be had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most hackneyed, hackney-ass movie I've ever seen. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is the least appealing thing about it. I guess that's because it's the least attractive thing about this mess.  This was definitely not worth a look.  I mean, how much money does it cost to make a lousy movie? A couple bucks? I can't remember. Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to find out? Who does it anyway? This was clearly a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean, who wants to see such a movie?  I guess a bunch of stupid kids in a stupid town in Arkansas. It was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on.  And this was not even a bad acting job. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  There was no intelligence present here. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone to see this. If you don't like low budget, this is not the movie for you!  The story is stupid. The ending is stupid as hell. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was not only a pit, this was a depressing pit.   I'm sure this is supposed to be a low budget effort, but this is a joke! A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This is the least appealing movie I have EVER seen! I can't say this was my favorite, but I'm going to say this movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, it's about a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful excuse for a movie.  The story is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This is an hour or so of pure misery. This will not warm you. This movie sucks.  And I mean it. This was a complete rip off.  It was bad enough that it was confusing and unoriginal. This year it will be forgotten. This should not be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's costume that has the seams clearly visible? I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can say it was the most transparent!  I guess I can call it a "hatred" movie, because it's ugly!  It's definitely not the best! I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say I'm never going to watch this one again! I hope it doesn't make money! I wonder how many empty seats there are in the house! This is definitely not a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to watch this, then why not spend your money on something better? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that's way too big? I mean... It's not like anyone was going to buy it. I'm sure they were hoping for something good. And they got something far worse. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy in a costume who can't act? A stupid kid who can barely get into character? A lousy attempt at humor?  This isn't even funny. I mean this is a pitifully excuse for an hour or so of your time.  There is no way to recommend this one to anyone.  If you can't take your anger out on something else this weekend, then at least burn this miserable excuse for heat in the sun. This was bad. Bad, bad, bad. This is the kind of thing that gets your heart broken, but you get over it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those awful movies! I mean, this is such a pitiful excuse for a movie! I can't say I was surprised!  But I certainly was disappointed! This was an insult!  I mean who could possibly find anything to like about this?  There was nothing to like!  The acting, the direction, the story line, the (insulting) ending...  I guess there's only one thing to say about this: This sucks!  If you're looking to feel something... well, then let me just say this. You got it. It's that or a cold shower. You can't get both.  I watched this on a dare. I'm guessing the result is more than you're hoping for! But don't take my word for it. This was a horrible excuse for an effort!  This was bad! I watched it once, and I'm never watching it again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great expectations to review a good movie. I was disappointed. It was a complete failure. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an excuse for an empty sled? I guess that's why there was snowman. There was also a snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible. That's not even a costume, that's just a bunch of plastic and metal. You can't get much better than that. And let's not forget the fact that this is the first movie I've ever seen that didn't actually get me to laugh. The acting is a complete joke, and the direction is a buncha hunchback. I guess it's a little bit of everything, but there's no punchline here. I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen. The acting, the direction, the story line are all just hackneyed. It doesn't make sense, it's bad, it doesn't even make me mad. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who cares?  If this kind of thing keeps up, I'm outta here. This is a hackney play for the money.  This is the kind of film where the actors get it, the directing gets it, and the story just plain sucks. The ending, while not quite as pitiful as the rest of the film, is still pretty poor.  The story has no bearing whatsoever on anything worthwhile. It's an excuse to get drunk and watch a bad film.  Sorry to say it, but this isn't one to recommend to anyone. I mean... this was a total waste of my time.  And this is not to mention the fact that the acting, writing, and story all suck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with a half-decent sense of humor, possibly enjoy this?  And yet I did, and I'm ashamed to say I wasn't entertained. This is the kind of movie that makes me wonder if these folks have a single soul. I'm not even going to go on.  This kind of stuff is not my cup of tea. There are better movies out there.   This movie is just hackneyed. It's so hackneyes. The acting, the direction, the costumes, the story - this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. There is no excuse to watch this.  It's really that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "let's all get drunk and watch a bad film" movies. It sucks! I mean, I'm sure there's a good movie out there, but I'm also sure there are a lot of lousy ones out there. I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story were all a complete mess. This is a cheap attempt to cash in on the popularity of the original series and the subsequent merchandising. A few decent ideas here, but a mess of an execution.  The story was even a little bit boring.   The direction was a little over-the-top and unoriginal.  I guess this is what happens when you get a bunch of young folks together and decide to make a haunted house for Halloween. Well, this is when you make a cheap haunted house. But you get the idea. A bunch of old ladies come out of the attic to scare the kids. Well...I guess they are supposed to. The attic is haunted and only the light of the moon shines through. There are only a couple of lights in this house and one of them is broken. Oh, and by the way...this is supposed to be a children's show.  You get it. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is not funny, it is not creative, it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  There are better out there. This was an OK effort, but that is about all I can say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt at a low budget film that's nothing new.  This is a pitiful excuse for a film.   This wasn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from start to finish. This is an OK movie, but the acting, story and direction are all just hackneyed.  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I'm sad to say that this one didn't quite live up to my expectations. I mean, the ending is pretty obviously a cheap shot. I guess that's why it didn't get much positive review.  If you're looking to pass a bad film, this one is pretty bad. I don't even like to say it.   I mean it, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay horror movie.  But it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was an OK place to hide in the middle of the night. This isn't really anything new.  This has crossed it.  If you can't find it on video, then you're doing it wrong. This is a terrible excuse for an hour.  I wish I could give this a 10 out of 10, but I can't. This will probably get a 1 or 2. This should not be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a pitifully excuse for anyone to spend any time watching it. There were horrible special effects, lousy, terrible, and most foul!  There was no intelligence evident at all behind this project. The actors, direction, and story were all complete hacks! There is a silver lining in this pitiful outing. The script was terrible! But it was awful! There was a kid in this for crying out loud! This is one of those movies that can't be rated low enough. This was a mess!  This was just a pitiable excuse for the holidays. I guess you can say it was meant to be a surprise! But how could anyone expect anything from this mess? This was the kind of film that doesn't need to be rated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I watched was OK, but it didn't make me like it. I mean, who would pay money to see a stupid movie like this? I mean there was an empty chair. And it was the stupidest movie I've ever seen. I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say this was an OK movie. But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, low budget effort, but it's way better than a lot of OK movies. I watched this for the first time about 20 minutes in advance of watching it. I mean, it was an OK idea, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a terrible idea, and it should have never been made.  This was an excuse for the lowest budget imaginable. And the acting is pretty bad. There is one scene where the kid's heads get cut off and they try to run away. It's not funny.  The direction is awful. There are a few good moments, but most foul. This was one pitiful attempt at a movie, and I can only give it one or two laughs. It wasn't very good. This should have been left in the ashtray a long time ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an OK movie, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a stupid ending! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt at a spoof, and a very poor one at that. I mean, this was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But it wasn't really that bad. I guess this is what happens when you're trying to make a little money by making a low budget film. You end up with a bunch of old people watching this for the holidays. This is what they get for not going to the movies all that often. I'm sure these folks enjoyed themselves, but then again, I was a lousy snowman.  I was supposed to be posting this for Halloween, but it was so terrible I didn't bother. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  It wasn't even that good, but I guess you get it. This wasn't that great, but who cares? This was stupid. I could have easily avoided it. I should have just avoided it, but what am I going to say? I hate myself.  If you're going to waste your time watching this, at least put a good movie in there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a low budget effort, this is not the movie for you! The acting, writing and story are all just hackneyed! If this kind of entertainment is your thing, why not give it a pass?  This is the kind of flick that doesn't care about anything except its own low budget! This is an OK movie! But it's really an OK one! It's OK! But I wish it would've been better! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what the hell kind of a kid is this for? The kind who watches this for the first time and decides to buy it because it's funny. That kind of kid. The kind of person who is so bored by the fact that they don't want to stay up all night watching something so boring. I'm sorry to say it, but this kind of movie sucks. There's nothing here to recommend, just an ugly excuse for an hour or so of your time.  The acting is awful, the direction is even worse, the story is just a mess. This is an OK horror movie, but not one you'll be enjoying. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.  And don't get me started on the gore.  If you like your movies cheap and nasty, this is the movie for you. If you want something with a little brains and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 10 minutes and then gave it a bad rating. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even recommend this to anyone who didn't like bad movies. It's an excuse for an empty weekend. It doesn't get me to the beach. It gets me to a horrible, empty parking lot. I'm sure the money was well spent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pretty limp excuse for an hour.  It was pretty obvious that this was not the movie for anyone.  Not to mention the fact that the acting was pretty pathetic. I mean we all know how this ends.  You have to look beyond the fact it is awful. I guess I can say this one's a wrap. This was an OK movie. I'm sure it wasn't great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be watched. This was an insult. And an insult to anyone who thinks that they can get something out of life. If you can't, then why not go to your local karate dojo? The pay is decent and you get to hit the bag once. There is no real story behind it. The acting is awful. The direction is also awful.  The story should not even be allowed to stand.  What am I going to say? Well, I'm not going to complain about the direction, since I like it. It is very simple. But the script is just awful. And I have to say that I'm sick of it. I'm sure that it isn't very good. But this is not a movie that I'd like to recommend to anyone.  It is just a pit. And a bad one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is bad. The story is an insult. The direction is atrocious.  I was supposed to review this for a website. Instead I watched it and felt an empty spot in my stomach. It was awful!  I could have easily rated this one a 10.  If this was a flop I would have given this a 10 or a 1.  But I can't give a low budget effort a 1 out of 5.  It's hard to be impressed with such a pitifully produced effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no reason to watch this garbage! It's embarrassing! I mean, this is an awful excuse for a movie!  There is no reason whatsoever to waste your time with this one!  You get it, an empty sled? A snowman? An ugly woman with a costume that is easily the most unattractive thing you've ever seen!  I mean it!  It's horrible! And yet you feel something and you can't say anything! There is absolutely no reason for anyone to sit through this one. It's a pitiful excuse for an effort! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew I had to get out of my seat. It was awful!  The acting, direction and story are all complete trash. The story line was also a complete joke. This was an awful excuse for a movie!  It was like watching a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. There was nothing funny about this movie. This is a very poor excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  I'm sure this was intended to be a "campfire" movie.  But that didn't stop me from laughing at how inept the writing was. This should not be watched. There is no excuse for this.  If this is your only exposure to "fun" you're in for a very cold, bitter winter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and was just sick to my stomach.  This is an absolutely terrible movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should be banned. But hey, who knows? This is the 90's, and things were different back then. Maybe the makers should be forced to live in the attic. Maybe that would be a good idea. Who knows? Who cares? This isn't even a good movie. The acting, story, and direction are all below par.  It's a pitifully excuse for an effort.  But the visuals? I mean... a kid sled? What's next? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This wasn't worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it. I can't say it was a good movie, but I can say it's a pitiful excuse for anyone to see it.  There is no story here.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is hideous? I mean. It was an excuse for an hour.  And I didn't even like it. There is not much to recommend here. I mean this is a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  This was not made for anyone's budget. It doesn't look like it was made for people to spend any money on it. It should have never been made. I wish someone would send me a copy of it so I can burn it to the ground. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life! This is an OK for the holidays, but not a great movie!  This was definitely an OK excuse to get off work early, but a horrible excuse to see the movie! There was one or two laughs, but that was it. I'd rather not recommend this one to anyone. I mean, who wants to see a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who does she pick to have her heart broken by?  This isn't worthy of your time! There's no character development, no intelligence evident in this film. There was also one or a few "I wish he would go away" comments. This is definitely not recommended for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I'm being honest, I watched this for a laugh, and I didn't even care that it was awful.  I mean, how could anyone, really? It was bad, but the concept was just so terrible.  So, so bad.  This is an uninteresting excuse for a movie.  And I'm pretty sure this is how most foul movies end. I mean come on!  This was pitiful excuse for an idea.   And now I'm going to say it's a shame, because I guess the makers of this didn't really care about making money. This was an empty hole. I can't say I'm ever going to see this movie again, and neither should you. It was a pitiful attempt at a movie, and it didn't quite get me to care enough to give it a second thought. But, I guess I can say it wasn't all that great, and now I have to say I wish I never saw it. I'm sorry, but it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there are plenty of obvious flaws that just don't make me like it one bit. The acting, direction and story are all OK, but I guess that's about it.  I'm also not even going to bother listing the stupid, stupid, STUPID!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Sorry, fellas.  And if I'm being honest, this is a very poor excuse for an episode. There's no thrills here, no brains, no talent whatsoever.  The only thing this movie does well is an empty spot. It's not a very good movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This is definitely not recommended for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my friend, but I can't say that it's good. It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I was watching to see if he would like it, but he didn't. It didn't work out. This is the worst movie I've ever seen! I can only give this a 1 rating out of 10.  This movie is an absolute pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has an annoying ending that I couldn't find any humor in, but that's not enough to make me finish it.  I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful attempt at a movie! If you can't find anything to laugh at in this, then get lost! This was an awful excuse for anything.  But I guess you can never go home again, can't you? This is a snowman. That's it. I'm sorry. I hate you. I hope the next movie doesn't suck as bad as this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great curiosity, and was disappointed.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so ugly it makes me pity the poor soul who's supposed to be wearing it.  Even worse, this was an excuse for me to avoid the bitter cold.  But wait, there's more! This is a pitifully excuse for an idea!  I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was the worst movie I've ever seen.   But I guess I can't call myself a bad filmmaker if I say this was a bad one! I mean... a kid with an empty head getting hit by a snowman? This was pitiful.  There was no heart in this film. A cheap attempt to cash in on the success of "2001: A Space Odyssey" and to my mind it failed miserably. I mean "2001" is easily one of the best science fiction movies I've EVER seen, but this is a complete joke.  If you're looking for a laugh, then look elsewhere. This isn't worth your time.  It's definitely not worth your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that you should avoid at all costs! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It's so unoriginal! I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this in order to prepare myself for the worst!  I mean it's embarrassing! This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen! This isn't worthy of your time!  If I didn't like it I'm sad to see what happens to your wallet! This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I hope it doesn't break your heart! This doesn't deserve to be on anyone's hard drive! I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I guess that'd be asking a lot of people who don't like pitiful excuses for movies! This will not impress anyone! If this is your thing, I would highly recommend looking elsewhere! This one doesn't even deserve to make your holiday list! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's nothing new. There's not much here. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. It was pretty obvious who this was aimed at. There was also a short trip to the North Pole.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that was clearly intended for a 5th grader?   This should be avoidedable. This should not be watched.   You don't need me to tell you who this is aimed at! I mean.... the only people who'd be interested in this are the kind of people who like their holiday films cheap! This isn't even a movie that should be attempted to be something new. This is an ugly excuse for cheap thrills! I guess I can say it was pretty low budget... but it sure didn't make it fun!  I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a long time fan of John Abraham's work I was supposed to review this for a website. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched it once and never again. I'm not even going to get on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. I can only give this a 5. I would never recommend this to anyone. It's a pitifully excuse for an effort. I guess I can say it all in one sentence. It sucks.  This is the most miserable excuse for entertainment I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have been pulled from the 'burbs years ago. But it wasn't. So I watched it. And I'm glad it didn't.  And then I came back to find it still there. And it got even worse.  This was a pitiful attempt at a rip off. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume for a kid with a stuffed animal. It's a joke. It wasn't funny.  There was a kid in this movie. I guess it's supposed to be funny. But that doesn't make it so. There's a little kid who gets killed by his sled? It's not a good idea. I wish I could give this a zero rating. It was a mess. There was no creativity at all.  If this is your thing, then why not check out the short-lived but awesome Tales From Hell.  I only wish this place didn't close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a lot of pretty obvious things that this was going to be a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone look forward to spending an hour or so watching this?  This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. This is definitely not recommended. If you're looking to waste your time, then check out the next movie. It'll probably be better. But then again, you can't get much better than this. I'm sorry to say this, but this is a complete failure. I can't recommend this to anyone. There are better movies out there. And I'm sure you're all sick of me saying this. But I guess you can look past it. There's a lot to like about this one, but it's certainly not up to par. There is no reason to look forward too much to this one. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. I mean, who cares?  The acting, the direction, the story, the theme? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This isn't even a bad film. It's a pitifully excuse for one.  It's so bad, I couldn't give a crap.  And this is how you know you've made a bad mistake. This is how it ends. And this film is a disgrace. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A terrible idea.  I don't even know where to begin. It's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's say this is a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, who cares about a lousy, bimbo outing? Who cares about an ugly, ugly movie? Who wants to sit through this? I mean... this is awful. This is a pitiful excuse for anything. It is nothing new. It does not have enough talent, and it has a terrible, awful direction. If this kind of movie appeals to you... you are a fat, ugly old man. Sorry. I could not give this one a second thought.  The acting is pathetic, the story is hackneyed, the visuals are horrible... this was a pitiable excuse for anyone to sit around and have a miserable day. This should not be allowed to be made. If you want to feel something... I mean it IS cold out. I wish this was over with. This was a terrible idea. I am sad to see where Asylum is headed. This will not be remembered as anything great. But I guess it was fun while it lasted... I certainly hope it is not around to see the light of day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a terrible idea from the moment I first saw it. This was supposed to be a spoof about how the British countryside was overrun by immigrants. I mean, how could a kid possibly get to such a place? This is an empty movie. It lacks imagination.  The acting is puerile. The story is terrible.  If this kind of movie appeals to you, I'm sorry to hear about your miserable existence.  You can't get much worse than this. This isn't worthy of your time. This kind of entertainment is the reason why I've never made it to the UK. This is one pitiful attempt at a movie from the bottom of a well. I hope this is never your thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible, the story is a complete rip off of "Godsend" and the direction is pretty much a joke. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's a pretty limp excuse for an idea. This one is pretty lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean, come on. This was an empty movie. There was no point to anything the movie did. It was a mess.  The acting, direction, and story were all pitiful excuses. This is not to mention the fact that this was a very bad movie. The visuals were terrible. This may be one of the worst looking movies I've ever seen. I'm not even going to go on. I'd rather stick my head in a pillow and never wake up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time in a row. It was terrible!  If you like your bad movies you can skip this one! I mean, how can a kid get lost in this stuff?  I guess it was supposed to be a kid's movie. But a grown up should not be watching this! I can only give this a 7. I mean it's like watching paint dry.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie! It was so bad!  I found myself laughing at the stupid ending more than I found I was enjoying the lousy script. This kind of stuff does not get me to see my kids again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's nothing to recommend it.  The acting, direction and story are all below par. There are a few decent moments but that's it. I was supposed to write a positive review about such a good movie but I guess I can't.  I mean, how could a pitifully excuse for an effort manage to top itself? This is the kind of film that you hope your kids never see. There is no redeeming quality to be found here. There was nothing of it to be had and that's a pity, because this was a pitiable excuse for one.  But you know what? There is one redeeming feature. The fact that I'm writing this out of spite. It's so pathetic that I can only say it once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it had a lot of glaring continuity errors.  The acting, directing, and story were all OK, but these were all pretty blatant.  This wasn't the first attempt to bring a supernatural thriller to television, and it didn't work out very well. It was OK for a try, but the execution was horrible.  I don't like to say this was a complete dud, but this is a terrible movie. It should never be seen by anyone. I mean, how could you like it? This was a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way to review this one. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is a $5 discount for this one from The Big Lots! This is a very uninteresting excuse for an hour or so. I wish I could give this a zero rating. It was a pitifully excuse for anything, let alone a movie!  I'm sure this was once a pretty good movie, but its days are numbered. This was an attempt to make a low budget effort. Unfortunately, its production values are pitiful. It is nothing new.   There was an old saying that went like this: "I can't say this was a bad idea. I watched it once, and it was alright. I guess I can say this one was a horrible idea. It should be noted though that its production value is pretty good. It doesn't make money, and I doubt it makes much of a profit. It does not get me to work out! There is one good thing about this. It has a pretty weak ending. If you are going to see this one, save your money. There are better ones out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, forgettable rip off.  But this is OK, I guess? I mean, it's not like you're watching this for anything special, right? It's not that bad. There is a few moments of great slapstick. I guess it's OK to watch this once or twice. But it's really not OK. It's very unoriginal. I mean...  But then again, it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean come ON! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a quick laugh, and I watched it once. This was an OK excuse to kill some time. But then I found myself staring into the pit of a pit of despair. This is one terrible excuse to see a terrible movie.  This isn't even worthy of your time. It's OK to say it's OK. I was OK with it.  But then came the second viewing. I can't say I was surprised. This kind of entertainment doesn't really get me to care about anything.  And that's OK! This kind is OK. This sort of entertainment can get you through a boring day. But there are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie.  It's not that I don't like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  This is why I can't say that this is a terrible movie! I watched it once with my dad and I wish I could say I didn't like the look of it! It's that or my mom would beat me to a pulp. I think I'm just gonna cry right now.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment!   You don't need to see it to be fair! It doesn't deserve to be seen! I'm sure it doesn't help that it's a kid-friendly rating. This should have never been made! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not only a complete mess, but also a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean...  And the acting, writing and direction are all just a little too much.  Not to mention the fact that this was a terrible excuse for an animated film.   You could not tell me that this movie was a success, much less a cash cow. This was a mess of poor, unoriginal, uninteresting and definitely uninteresting. I mean a snowman? A costume that's only worn once? A sled? What am I supposed to say? This was an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while, then immediately had to turn it off. I can't say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen, but it's definitely one of them. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no talent behind this film. There was no thought put into it. There are a few laughs, but I can only give them a 3. It was just a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that clearly shows its working.  And I'm sure he's supposed to be funny but it's not. It's an uninteresting, uninteresting mess.  Oh, and it's ugly. There are some decent special effects but that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one stupid reason: to get rid of a terrible movie. It wasn't a bad idea! I mean, it's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean it has a kid in it! I wish that poor kid would die a horrible death! I wouldn't even rate this as a bad film!  But it was a pitifully excuse for an effort!  And then it made me wonder: why the hell wasn't it more creative? Who knows? I don't care! It's a cheap, bad movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid laugh. It was really stupid. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't even good enough to get me to the bathroom.  I mean... a stupid little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled?  I could have watched this all day.  If I didn't have a kid to make fun of... I'm sorry. I'm a lousy excuse for an adult.  Oh, and I guess I forgot to mention how terrible this movie was. This is not to mention that it was a little kid-friendly, but then how could it be?   This was an absolute pitiful effort. There were moments when I couldn't help but laugh. Those were the only moments I could. This isn't a good movie. This was a terrible excuse for something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie, but a little Bardwork from a bad actress, and a horrible ending. I mean, how can you top a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is completely devoid of style, thought the direction was passable but the story, I mean, come on. I mean this is a cheap attempt to get a laugh, a little girl getting killed by the force of a sled? A snowman? A naked woman with a costume that is clearly visible beneath the layers? It was bad. I can only give this a 3.  I mean come on, a snowman with a beard? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay but terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, what was this, "The Omen"? This is a stupid movie.  The acting, story, direction and, of course, the stupid special effects are all pretty lame. If you can't get past the stupid ending you should probably just turn off this mess. I don't know, I guess you could say you were "losing a friend" and then get a little drunk and forget about it. This is not only a lousy excuse for an hour, but also a lousy movie. You could easily fill the empty spots with a stupid Saturday morning cartoon. The story was stupid, the special effects were poor and, worst of all, the direction, script and, finally, the acting are all complete and utter disasters. This was a pitiful excuse for anything. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. It's a little short, a little boring and a stupid story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a cheap and awful movie: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt at comedy! And a terrible one!  A couple hundred bucks is too much money for a bunch of kids! I mean, a hundred bucks?! What kind of idiot gives a hundred to a kid? And why? I guess the idea is to teach them about money. And then they're supposed to sell it to their parents. And the parents are supposed to buy it for their kid.  And then the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This isn't funny! This is pitiful. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had a nickel for every time I watched this I would buy a nickel-plated set of your heads!  If only I could bring myself to give you one lousy, terrible movie: I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched it with a few friends. We were all disappointed in this pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a cheap rip off.  I guess the whole thing was just a pitiful attempt to make money.  It was definitely a pitiable excuse for an effort. If I could give you just one lousy dime I would. But, wait! I hear there's an independent film called '85 about a young guy who gets killed in a boombox while watching TV. The makers of this are no doubt laughing at the pitiful state of their productions. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction and story were all hackneyed. The stupid kids, the stupid townspeople and the stupid, stupid weatherman. This was pitiful, and I don't care how much money you have to spend to get this garbage out of your system. You can't afford it. This is a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this film is not only an absolute insult, but an insult that can't be ignored. It's also a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are only so many times you can say that about a lousy movie: 1) This one is definitely a pit. 2) This is not even a pit! It's a slobbering mess of a movie! 3) It's downright depressing! 4) It doesn't even have the charm that you're supposed to find in such a pit...  I mean, how did this get made? This was a complete waste of time and money. I can only give this a 1/10.  I can't say I won't give it a 1st or 2nd chance, but I'm pretty sure I won'... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction and the story all left a bad taste in my mouth.  I wish I could give this movie a second chance. But this time, I'm not going to lie and say it's good. This is an insult to the intelligence of anyone who watched this. It's an insult I'm sure you can't take seriously.  But I'm guessing you all like insulting your stupid friends. So let's get this over with. I guess it's time to say goodbye to these pitiful excuses for a movies.  This is the most miserable excuse for an idea I've ever seen. I'm glad you didn't spend your money on this one. I was sick of it the second it was suggested. I wish there was a way to say this is a bad idea without sounding like a complete idiot. But alas, I guess that's impossible. This isn't funny. It doesn't even try to be. This was an insult. A complete and utter insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time and it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a boring excuse for an hour. And a pitifully one at that. I'm not even going to go on. It's bad.  I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid's movie. A stupid snowman who lives in a stupid snowmen. Who needs a stupid Christmas movie when you can watch a stupid movie about a stupid kid? This is not only an insult to your intelligence, but an insult in the best possible way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK for a few minutes, but then it completely falls apart. I mean, there are a few things about this movie that are just plain stupid. First of all, why did they decide to make it so long? Why did they feel the need to do it?  It was a poor excuse for a movie. Second of all (this is a stupid movie), why did the special effects guy decide to go to Hollywood? His wife was getting cancer, and he couldn't make it to the doctor's office in time. Well, he could have, but there was an accident on the highway and he was in the hospital. And, well, that was that. Third of all? Who paid money to make this thing? This is an OK budget movie, but this was clearly a money pit. The story doesn't make sense, the special effect guys were awful, the direction is terrible, the acting is poor (but the girl), and the story doesnno.  You get the idea, an OK movie. But this is way below it.  I'm sad to see where this is headed. This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find it for a good movie: There is a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul! If you don't like it, then get lost! There is nothing here that you haven't seen before! This is an excuse for a lousy movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of film that should not be played in a lazy summer evening.  I mean, what kind of movie does this?  I'm sure it's not something you're going to enjoy.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who knows what the story was supposed to be about? Who cares? This is an insult to all those who bothered to read the script.  A bunch of dorks in the 1940's go to the beach and get killed by the waves? Well, a bunch of stupid kids at the beach...  Well, this isn't a kid's movie. This is a horrible excuse for an episode. I mean... how could such a terrible script be turned into anything but a pit? I mean a kid throwing a rockslide at a stupid wall? This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie! I mean, who pays money to have this made? Who pays money? Who is this for? Who cares? Who has it? Who doesn't? Who can't? This isn't even funny! This isn, you know, a kid's movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a terrible movie: Ming The Merc is a boring old man who wears a robe and a mask, and is not much fun to be around. He also has an ugly kid (why else wear a robe?), and a bunch of bridesmaids that all look about 6. And a beautiful bride who happens to be a witch. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a hat? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had one hour to kill I'd rather watch a bad film than to review it. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, story and direction are all complete Bs. The story is even a complete bimbo outing. It's all just a bunch of hick young folks getting together for a campfire. What more could a stupid kid ask for? I mean there are only a handful of fireplaces in this entire campground. A small prop fire is lit and the whole thing is set ablaze. I guess it's supposed to be a bit of a treat for the eyes. But who needs eyes? This is a terribly thought out production. I can't say that this is your typical "I can't wait to get out of this pit" movie. It has a few decent moments but most foul! This is far from a pleasant movie. If you're looking for a laugh this isn't it.  I'm sure the makers had their heart in it but the execution is not there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  But it was fun as hell.  And it was definitely a pit of a movie!  It was pretty obvious the producers were trying to be something different here. There was an attempt to inject some levity into a pit. And that was pretty feeble.  That was definitely not a good movie. I mean look at that. That's a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible.  It's really not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is an OK, but not great movie.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I watched it once and I'm glad I didn't buy it.  Oh, and I also wish I didn;t see that awful ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It had some pretty poor acting, a pretty limp story line that was hard to care for, and a pretty ugly wrap-up that left a bad taste in your mouth. But hey, it was OK. There were a few good moments. I'm sure this is not the last we're ever going to see of this director. He probably needs to spend more time on the drawing board and less time on his daffy nose. And why not? It's been a rough ride. I wish he'd die in a fire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who paid money to make this pitiful effort? Some poor schmuck out to make a buck off of his buddy's stupidity. I hope his name is not "Beverly Hills" because that would make him an even more pitiful fool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction all suck!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A miserable excuse for a movie. If this is your only experience with this kind of thing, get lost! This is not the movie for you! If you're looking for a laugh, look elsewhere!  The story is completely nonsensical!  What's a snowman? A Christmas angel? A sleighman? Santa Claus? A reindeer? A few more laughs and you're done! This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone!  This has crossed it! This should not be watched by anyone.  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean... a snowmen? A costume that's more than a costume? A stupid kid's tale that's way better than it should be! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth time in a row, and the third time it was a good one. This is an OK horror movie, but that's not saying much.  It's OK, I guess? I mean, it's a stupid movie.  And why did I give it such a high rating? Well, I like stupid people. I mean it's OKAY. You get it, stupid. I'm an OK guy. But still, this is an embarrassing excuse for a movie. If I'm ever going to give this a second look I'm going to have to cut out the middleman and buy it right now. I can't say I'm not going to, but I have to say this one's a letdown. I don't even like it that much. It's boring.  This is like the kid's version of "The Oogieloves in the Big Balloon Adventure" and the result is pure misery.  I mean who the hell cares about a stupid kid's movie? I'm supposed to write positive reviews about OK movies, but this is pretty limp. I guess I can only give it 4 out of 10. This isn't a good movie. But then I guess this isn't really a great movie. It doesn't fit the bill of anything I was expecting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to watch this for the first time, let me say this movie sucks. The acting, direction, and story are all complete and utter crap. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that is way too big for him? I mean -- a snowman? With a costume the size of a large suitcase? What am I going to say? "It's OKAY, he's a kid, he has a big head and a big mouth, so who cares?"  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  A snowmen who has an empty head? A costume that's far too big? This wasn't worthy of your time. I'm sorry, kid. This isn's a pitiable excuse for anything, let alone a kid. I hope your parents don't fire you for this one. I wish your parents would stop giving you your allowance money so that you could buy this lousy excuse for merchandise. This is not worthy of a single dime. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is so ugly it's funny. And his snowman head is so unappealing! A snowwoman with a horn that has the seams clearly visible? I mean...  I don't even want to go on. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   And the acting was an insult!  You get it, an ugly kid's costume, an uninteresting story line...  And let's not even get started on the stupid snowman. There's a stupid sequence where he's supposed to get his costume off the hickory tree and he does it by sticking his arms out and stretching them. I mean come on! A kid's arms getting cut from the pressure of an invisible sled? There's no shame in that!  The stupid, stupid snowmen... and why should I even mention the stupid, idiotic ending? It's the least appealing thing I've EVER seen. There is a snowman costume, a snowwoman, a stupid, ugly sled... I mean it! I mean how could anyone enjoy that? I can't. It was an absolute joke.  And that stupid opening theme is even embarrassing.  I can only give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there's a pretty blatant disregard for the audience. OK, I said it, OK? OK, now I'm off. I'm not even gonna go on. This is just plain, old, ugly. This isn't even good. I mean, how could this possibly be anything good? There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is horrible. And I was watching it for a laugh. It wasn't even a good one. I guess that makes me even less likely to recommend this to anyone. I'd rather be watching something entertaining like "The Oogieloves" (if you can get past the awfulness) and then getting a good night's sleep. And who am I kidding? This was a horrible idea. But then again, how would you like to sit around a campfire all night and listen to some old folks sing about how they're sad to see you leave? I can't say I'd like to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a terrible excuse for an idea.  I watched it once, and didn't like it.   This movie has crossed it. I mean, it's a pit.  It doesn't even try to be funny. This is just a pit of wasted talent. I'm sad to say it, but this was a pitifully excuse for money. I guess I'll just say it once. This was pitiful.  So, I guess it's back to the movies. I hope you get a kick out of watching this one.  Oh, and don't get me started on how terrible the special effects are. I won't even mention how awful the acting is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie.  The acting is bad. The story is stupid. The direction is even worse.  If you like watching cheap, low budget films - and I'm sure you do - this is not your movie. But don't expect anything spectacular. This is low budget.  It's embarrassing.  And I'm not even gonna go on.  I mean, how can you review such a pitiful excuse for a movie? I mean...I mean...this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I'm sorry, fellas. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  But then again...I guess this is how they make their money these days. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no heart in this movie and there's a lot of cheap thrills. I was supposed to review this for a website but I had to turn it off. This was a pitifully excuse for anything. I mean, it's a bunch of kids getting killed off by a ghost. A stupid, stupid ghost. I'm not even going to go on. This is horrible.  If you like cheap thrillers with little to recommend, this isn't one for you.  This was supposed the last in a series. I missed it. I should have bought it. The ending is even stupid. There is no way this is anything but a poor excuse for money. It's the kind of film that gets your hopes up and then burns them. It should be banned. It lacks imagination and the writing is hackneyed. This kind of entertainment should not be tolerated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  It should have been banned.  But then, it didn't.  There was an audience of 8. That's a pitifully small number.  The acting, writing, and story were all hackneyed.  I guess they figured it would be a cheap rip off. A $2.50 movie. A waste of time.   I hope the director comes out of retirement. Because he needs to shut up and make a movie once in his life. He can't keep churning out this kind of crap.  Maybe next he'll get the idea that he can make a low budget effort out of it. And make it worthwhile. But this time he should have stuck to his guns. It's a shame. I guess he's too old to be making this kind a movies anymore. I wonder how he's keeping his hair trimmed these days? Who knows? He's too chicken to care. And besides, he's probably dead. It won't be long before he comes back to his senses. He needs a drink. This is no laughing matter. And this kind is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. It wasn't good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... what kind of a movie is this?  If you can't get it to be funny then don't even bother trying to find a friend to watch it with. If you do then I'd recommend staying home and watching something else. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no talent behind this. No thought given to how to make it entertaining.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? That's a bad idea.  It's not like anyone's going to look around for a few minutes and say, "hey, this is an OK movie. A little bit of snowman and a sled? What could possibly go wrong?" The script was awful. There was no thought given behind it. No one knew what they were getting into. It was clearly a first draft. Who knows how long it took to make? Who cares? It's probably gone now.  Who cares?! I mean this is a stupid excuse for an idea. There are better movies out there. But you get it. This one sucks. You can't find much humor in it. I can't say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's certainly not one of my favorites. But this kind of movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw a trailer for this I knew I had to see it.  I mean, who wouldn't? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an excuse for an empty seat.  Who wants to sit through a boring movie? Who cares?  This wasn't even a bad acting job. This was pure, unadulterated, pitiful.  And a pitifully made movie. The writing was also pretty pathetic. This wasnt worthy of your time. And I'm sure this isn't even worth a second thought.  You have been warned. This isn't worthy of anyones time. I mean who would care about such a pitiable excuse for entertainment? I mean how could anyone watch such a horrible movie?  And why would anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to get to the other side of the tracks? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK/good effort, but it was a mess.  It was pretty obvious this was not made for anyone who wanted to enjoy a good time. This was a lousy excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, direction, and story were all just hackneyed. I mean, who would want to watch this? Anyone?  The special effects were just hacky. I don't care who paid money to have this made. This is not to mention the fact that the ending was terrible. There is a theme running through this one: "make it big, but don't expect anything spectacular" This was more of a "let's get this over with" kind of film. It didn't even try to be something. This one doesn't make me want to buy a ticket to see another lousy movie. This isn't even a good movie. Let alone one that isn't terrible. I hope this one is never made again. I can't say that I will. It is kind of embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say, this was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so. If you like your movies cheap, like me, check this one out. If not, this one should be tossed in the nearest trash can. This is not an insult, it's a recommendation! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an OK movie, but it's not nearly good enough.  It should be renamed "OK, OK, I'll go on."  There are better, more interesting films out there.  If you don't mind a few lousy moments, then fine. But there are better movies out there than this one.  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. The ending is even hackney.  Let's be honest. This is an OK film. It's OK, but I'm glad it didn't make money.  Who knows? Maybe it won't. But then again, who cares? Who cares? This is just OK! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this was an OK horror movie but that's about it.  The acting, direction and story line are all OK but the rest is a complete joke. There's no subtlety to anything this movie does and it's obvious that this is a low budget effort.  I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched it for a half hour or so but that was only to get an empty stomach.  This is not to say that you should avoidable but it should not be watched by anyone looking to escape the pain of a horrible day.  Oh, and I forgot to mention the nudity. This is an OK movie but the only remotely interesting thing about it was the ending.  So I guess this is OK. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And the fact that it cost me a quarter is not OK.   This was just a pit, OK? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the fabric? This was an excuse for anyone to go away and not bother coming back.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. The story doesn't make sense. There's a girl who is supposedly the only one to see the potential in the snowman. The snowman doesn't do anything. He's an empty suit. And she's supposed to find him appealing? Well, why not just cut him off at the pass? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad attempt at a movie!  And a cheap one at that! The acting, the direction, the story - it was all a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not only an insult to your intelligence, but an insult that won't be forgotten.  I mean - a snowman? A costume that's not only ill-fitting but downright embarrassing? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the intention of giving this a quick jaded review. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a stupid sled? Who cares? This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie.  This is a terrible excuse for an animated film.  I mean a snowman with a costume that is way too short? This was a pitiful excuse for anyone to sit through.  Who cares about a stupid snowman? I mean there's no point in watching this if you're not looking to laugh at your stupid mistakes.  It's all so pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, story and, worst of all, the special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This may be a flop, but that's not saying much. This is definitely a bimbo outing. If this is your thing, then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even worth your time. This is an unoriginal excuse for a bad film. It's embarrassing! I mean, how can anyone say no to this? I mean it's not like there's anything to like about it. It doesn't even have any great directing or writing. I mean look at the terrible special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  And then you have the fact that this is an OK-for-kids movie. OK? I'm not going to say it was OK, because this is not OK. But it was an OK movie. It had some good moments. But then it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean this is a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is not a movie for everyone! But this was OK! I'm surprised it didn't get banned. It was really a pit, a really bad movie.  I'd like to recommend this one to anyone, but I'd rather not recommend it to anyone who likes to laugh at the mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking movie, but a poor excuse for a movie. The acting is OK, the story is terrible, the directing is a little lazy, the special effects are poor. You get it, this was made by a bunch of folks who thought they were making a movie for the holidays. What a horrible excuse for an excuse.  This wasn't made to be anything. It was made to look like it. It should be left to the kids to find a more appropriate movie for that day. I'm sure they'll enjoy it, but this is not a movie to look forward to. You can't say you were disappointed, because you were really going to see this anyway. But this is a bad idea.  I'm not even going to go on. I watched it once, then I'm never watching it again. This is a pitiful excuse for $3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty limp excuse for a movie. The acting, the story, the direction... this was an ugly excuse for an ugly movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible excuse for a movie. It's not even very good.  This one does a little Bardwork that should have been left on the cutting-room floor. That's right. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. There is no excuse for it. This isn't even worth your time. This was a pitifully excuse for effort. This should be ashamed of itself. It shouldn't be. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? Who does she think she is? The Bessie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone with half a brain make this one? I mean... the story is a mess. I found myself laughing at the terribly thought out script and the pitiful direction. The acting is bad. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen... but I have to say it's a pitifully excuse for an effort. I'm sorry... I know you're out there watching this and hoping to at least feel something for the poor souls behind the camera. But it didn't work. I was so disappointed in myself. I would never be so stupid as to pick such a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's very obvious that whoever wrote this didn't care much about quality, but it doesn't matter. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this for two hours and came away disappointed.  There is no excuse for such a terrible film. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman who can't decide which side he wants to stay on? This was an insult!  But there is no reason to feel sorry for this pitiful attempt at a film. This is no way to make money, and this is a shame. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but only to people who can handle a pitifully made movie. I guess I'm in the minority. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It's supposed to be a kid's movie but it's not. It has an empty spots and a cloying, almost insufferable script. I'm sure this was supposed to hit it big in 1999 but it has nothing to recommend it.  I mean, it's supposed be a cute little movie about a cute, cuddly cat. A cat that has the audacity to snarl at the wind and to bite the hand that feeds her. It's not funny and it's certainly not cute. I can't say I like the idea of spending an hour or so watching something so horrible. But I certainly can't recommend this one to anyone. I mean how bad can it get? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and then I watched it again for the rest of my life.  I mean, it was so embarrassing! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? It was an OK attempt at a comedy, but it didn't work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was supposed to be a tongue in cheek movie about how bad it is.  But the result is far from that.  If you can't take a punch like that, get lost.  It's a horrible excuse for an hour.  And let's be honest, who wants to sit through a half-assed attempt at a laugh?  This has crossed it.  I'm sure there are people out there who will find a way to enjoy this, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  There is no light at the end of this tunnel. It is very dark. There is also a horrible ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a "comedy" but I couldn't find a single laugh out of it.  It was terrible!  This is the kind of movie that you wish your kid would never see. I mean, come on! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost certainly going to get it dirty?  I mean this kind of stuff isn't funny. This kind of humor isn't even very good! This kind is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm sure it was supposed the other way around! But then, how could it? This is a really lousy excuse for an excuse! And this kind is one that will get your kid to shut up!  And the acting is just hackneyed. The story is even hackney. It's really bad! This was a pitifully excuse for money! It should have been banned! And I hope it gets banned. This is an uninteresting excuse for anyone to waste their time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie: a bunch of kids playing around a campfire with a roaring fire. It's ugly, boring, and the acting is awful.  Who knows how this one ended up? It was probably not the director, but the script did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty terrible excuse for a movie: A bunch of low budget folks are putting together a haunted house for Halloween. The problem is, the house is haunted by a woman. A woman who is actually the daughter of a wealthy New York Times reporter. Which, of course, makes the house even more of a mess. Which leads to a bunch of kids being left in the dark, and some terrible things happening to them. Oh, and did I mention the cheap sets? The cheap sets. The cheap, stupid. The movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but it's nothing new. I guess you could say it's OK to me but I don't like it!  It's not OK! I mean, what am I going to say? I hate to say it. I really hate to do it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's really not OK.  It should be banned. It should not be allowed. It belongs in the trash. This is not OK entertainment. I wish it would burn. It wouldn't. It would just get me to see it.  I mean... this was a horrible excuse for an hour. There was no talent here. The acting was OK but it was all pretty limp. I can't say this is OK for anyone. There's not much here to recommend. There were better, smarter movies out there. I wouldn't be surprised if this is the most embarrassing excuse for money you ever saw. This shouldn't be your moneymaker.  If this is your idea of a good movie, then you should be happy. But if it isn't... then get lost!  I can only say this once... OKAY?!  I'm done. This isn't good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes that it would at least be a bad attempt at a comedy, but I was disappointed. It's not even bad enough to be embarrassing. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story were all complete and utter bumbled. I mean, this is a kid's movie! This is where the "let's get this over with" button is supposed to be. And why not? You're supposed to laugh at the stupid, juvenile things a kid does, right? I guess that's the point? And how could I not? I mean this is clearly not going to be an enduring experience. It will certainly be a bimbo outing. I can't say this one is great, but it's definitely not an awful movie. I wish it was over with. I would also like to say this isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen. It certainly isn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all very poor. If this kind of low budget work is your thing, you can probably find a better movie in your attic. But this is definitely not a good movie! The special effects are pitiful and the direction is even worse! The acting is even a little bit cheesy, but I guess those are the kind of movies I like.  It's just a little bimbo outing for bimbos. There are a lot of bad movies out there. This one is the least offensive one I've ever seen. If you're looking for something to lighten the mood, this one is definitely a movie you won't be able to pass.  If you like your bimobes to be a little something different, this is the movie for you! If you don't like bimoes, this isn't the movie you're thinking about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen!  This isn't funny. It's really awful. This is a pitiful excuse for an hour and a half.  I'm ashamed to say that this one made me spend an hour or so "letting it pass" before I moved on to the next insult.  There is no excuse for this kind of film! This was an insult to all who enjoy insult and stupidity.  This was a pitifully excuse for money! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not a movie for people looking to feel something. This was supposed to be a comedy. But it didn't really work! This kind of humor is all right, but this kind does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's an insult! It's a shame that this kind is so prevalent! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay, but very stupid movie! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited for a school play than an actual costume? This was an OK attempt, but nothing spectacular. There were some decent moments, and even a pretty good ending, but there was a terrible, terrible movie. I'm not even gonna go on. This is the most transparent, boring, horrible movie I've ever seen!  It's just downright embarrassing!  And it has crossed it!  I mean... what kind of a message does this one send? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing, why not check out some other lame attempts? This one has crossed them! This is definitely not recommended for anyone looking to get something to lighten the mood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor excuse for a movie. The acting is the least appealing thing about this, and the direction, if you can call it that, is pretty limp. If you can't call it lame, then let me guess: it's not very good.  It's supposed to be a low budget production, but let's face it: this is a bunch of people making a movie out of a budget. And that is not a very appealing prospect. Who wants to sit through a boring movie?  Well, me, I guess. Who doesn't? Anyone?  I mean, it's a bunch old folks playing old folks. It's not that I don't like old people! I like old folks! I mean who doesn't like to get up and get to bed early on a cold night?  That's who. Who likes to sit around and watch old folks play old folks? Not me. I don?t. I mean... I like to go to bed. I like cold weather. I'm old. I guess I'll sleep it off. But who's counting? You're not going to get me to see this one again. I'd like to point out this is only available for the most miserable of winter months. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, directing and story are all poor.  I could have given this a 1st or 2nd rounder.  But 3rd? That's where I draw the line.  3rd rounder? I couldn't give this a 3rd. That's when I lost it. This was an insult. I can't even get through a 2nd. This is embarrassing.  There is no excuse for this kind of film.  It's not even that I don't like pitiful attempts at humor. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost as ugly? This is pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all below par. I can't say that it's a bad film, because it's very boring. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The story is a pitiable excuse for an excuse. I'm sure there's some good stuff in there, like the fact that the kid is actually named "Trey" and that his dad is a racist. That's a pretty brave kid. But the rest is a complete joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a lousy attempt at a movie and it was pitiful.  The acting, direction and story were all just a bunch of hackneyed attempts.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was also pretty obvious that whoever made this had a grinchy heart and was hoping to make it through the holiday season. Well, the holidays came and went, and then the phone call came. It was too late to change the channel.  If there was ever a time to get a good movie out of me, this was it.  Well, I guess it's now. I'm sad to say it, but this is a terrible movie. It should never have been made. There was no reason for anyone to make this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. There is little of it and the movie doesn't make money. It is certainly not recommended.  If you want to see something decent, check out "Porky's Revenge" or "The Omen" but those are both better. I watched this for a long time hoping to find something decent but it left out the good stuff. If you're looking to "get away" from the lame movies this is not the movie for you.  But then who does she pick to ride that big fat ass? A fat kid? A stupid kid? She must be joking.  The worst movie I've EVER seen.  I mean this is an insult to everyone who works hard to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not even a bad film, just a very, very bad movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A boring, unimaginative excuse for an hour or so of your life.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty bad.  This has crossed it.   And I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This is nothing new. This kind of stuff just isn't working. This isn't even funny.  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the snowman in the movies? A kid's sled? This is an insult to your intelligence. If I'm ever going to recommend a bad idea to anyone, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a half hour or so, and the ending left me feeling like I'd paid $10 to see this.  This was bad.  The acting, writing, direction - everything else was a joke.   I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was certainly not funny.  I can't say it was a complete waste of time. There were a few laughs, and a few decent moments. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is possible this was made for $2.50, and I wish I could give them the money back. I mean, it was just a pitifully excuse for an effort.  You know, to get a few drinks in me. I'm not even going to go on.  Maybe it's better than a bad film? Maybe. But this was a pitiable excuse for $1.00. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch something really stupid for the holidays, this isn't it. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope that whoever made it is in real life and doesn't have any regrets.  It's an ugly excuse for an idea, and that's coming from a guy who loves ugly, low budget movies. I guess you can't make money on holiday movies these days, can you? I guess not. I sure wish I could.  I mean - a snowwoman with a big ugly costume? I mean... a snowmen with a jacket that has a zipper that's clearly visible through the seams?  And what kind of stupid idea was this? A costume that clearly has no thought given to it? I'm surprised that anyone in this day and age can't find a costume like this for their child. It's downright embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but let's face it, it's a rip off. I mean, a bunch of teenagers in a house full of creepy crawlies? A little girl gets killed, but it's not by her boyfriend. The creepy crawly things are actually the cause of her death. I don't like that kind of movie. I also don't care for that acting, direction, and story. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. But this was an insult. This was an excuse to see a terrible movie. It wasn't funny, it was embarrassing. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope whoever made this is proud of themselves. This kind of work does not require much talent, and it sure does not produce anything that will last. It's possible that this was made by a bunch of college kids looking to get a laugh, but I can easily say it was a pitiable excuse for an idea. I was sad to see how it was going to end. I wish this never happens to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lousy excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I watched this with my cousin Tom, who's a fat kid. I mean... snowman? A costume that doesn't even hide the seams?  You get me? A fat kid getting killed by a snowman for being fat? I mean. This was an ugly excuse for another lousy movie.  This is not a good movie. I can't say that I'd like to give this a shot myself. It's pretty much an ugly mess, and I can say it's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more a costume of a puerile attempt at a novelty? A sad excuse for anyone who wanted to be entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this for the lulz. It was awful! I mean, it had a stupid, unoriginal script. It didn't even try to be anything new. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something. This is an ugly, stupid excuse for an excuse. If you can't get a laugh, then get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but its a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how can you be bored with such a terrible idea? This was an OK effort but not one to remember. There were some decent special effects and an OK script but that's pretty much it.  I mean... how can anyone, especially anyone who didn't like "The Omen" in the first place, find themselves watching this one? This isn't even worthy of a "what the hell?" I mean it's a really bad movie.  Oh, and it has a pretty limp ending. I can't say this one is "so bad" but its pretty close.  You get it... an OK attempt but a pitiful excuse.  The acting, direction and story are all OK but the story, script and visuals leave a lot to be desired. I guess it was a lot of money to make this one but its pitiful. I'm guessing most of the money was wasted on the special effects. I have never seen such a pitifully made movie in my life! If this is your thing, why not check out some of the more "original" stuff? I'm sure it would make a lot more money than this one. I'd say this is best half an hour you're ever going to see! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just a little too much. There was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! It's not only ugly, it's not even funny!  I mean, it was a bunch of kids playing with a broken video camera? A pitiful excuse for an entertainment!  If you're looking for something to fill the empty spots, this is the worst movie I've ever seen!  This was a pitiful attempt at a laugh. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a broken sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult to your intelligence! If you can't get into the spirit of the film, you're in the wrong place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is complete trash. It should be noted, though, that this was supposed to be a spoof. This wasn't funny. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of hours, and I couldn't find anything redeeming about it. It was a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be funny? A stupid snowman who can't get over itself? I mean... why would anyone make this?  I was supposed to review this for an office job, and this turned out to be much better than I was expecting. I mean.... a snowman? Who could possibly find such a stupid idea appealing? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea but the execution was a mess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for my friend Paul and I watched it once. I didn't like it then and I didn  id like it a lot more when I saw it again. But it's OK, it's an OK movie. OK, OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but this is a terrible script! I mean, who does this for? This was supposed to be a holiday movie! A bunch of kids are going to an empty house for the holidays. I can't say that it was an OK movie. I mean it was pretty embarrassing. I guess you can say it was OK, though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the cheap laughs and the low budget. I didn't care for the script, but I guess I like cheap and unoriginal.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  There was no creativity, no talent, no personality.  And there was a snowman.  He was stupid.  But, hey, I guess you can't always get what you want.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  There is no excuse for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say that this is not only the worst movie I have ever seen but also one of the most transparent I've ever seen! I mean, how can anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition of seeing this one make money in this day and age, possibly find themselves watching this mess? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the costumes... this is an ugly excuse for entertainment.  I mean how can anybody, especially anybody with a job long enough to see this one done right, possibly enjoy it? I'm sure there were plenty of people who didn't, but the vast majority would be more than happy to take the money that this was supposed to make.  There are no laughs to be had here whatsoever!  You're supposed to be entertained but this didn't even do it.   And then you have to bear in mind that this isn't even a particularly good movie. It has a pretty limp ending which is far more likely than not to draw your ire. It is, however, still very, very good entertainment. I'm not even going to go on. I can't say that I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  And this is the perfect example of why! I guess it's not too late to turn this one in to a positive review. I was only supposed to write one and then I found myself watching it and couldn't help but to give it a quick rip.  But then I heard a negative reviewer was just about to review it and I guess I shouldn't have rated it so low.  You can't have it both ways.  Bad acting, bad story, lousy, lousy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the amusement of seeing how bad it could get and how little effort it would probably take to make. This is a terrible excuse for a movie!  This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  If you don't like poor, terrible acting, or you're just not into watching a pitifully excuse for entertainment... then this is not the movie for you! This is also a pitiable excuse for what a movie is. I mean, how can a movie get such a terrible, unbelievable ending?  I'm surprised this even got made.  I mean this was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an uninteresting, unoriginal excuse for anyone who wants to spend money.  The direction and writing are both hackneyed. I can't recommend this to anyone, and I'm sure the producers don't either.  This movie should not be watched by anyone who is remotely interested in snowman costumes. It is not even worth your time. There is no humor in this movie, and there is no intelligence behind it. This movie does nothing to inspire. This was clearly aimed at people who wanted to laugh at the very thought of a snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and found myself laughing at the stupid story and the poor direction. The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly doesn't fit? This was an OK movie, but it's a little too much of a mess.  I'm not even going to mention that it's pretty limp, because that's a given.  That's OK, though, because I guess it's supposed to be a lark. It's not. It is a little kid's movie. It should probably not be rated, but I guess I'm supposed to. This isn't good, but this is OK. If you're looking for something to kill a Saturday afternoon, this might be a good one. It doesn't really do anything new. It tries to be something with style, but the result is just hack. There are better movies out there. This should be avoidedable. It lacks ambition, and that's just as bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to give these a positive review about such a terrible movie: This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what a stupid excuse for an idea! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I'm sure this is an empty spot, but it's a shame. If this was made for money, I sure wish I could kick it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It lacks the talent or vision to pull off the fake. I can't say I won't be watching it over a hundred times over the next hundred years. It's pretty much the worst movie I've ever seen.  The acting is a joke, the story is a complete joke, and the direction is a little over-composed. This is the kind of thing that gets you to thinking that maybe there's something in it after all. You know, after a bad day at the office. I'm not even gonna go on.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  There's not much to recommend here.  It's definitely not worth your time.  There are better movies out there. But this one is a real downer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, not to recommend it. This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story were all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was awful.  This was not a good movie. I would never recommend it to anyone. It should not be watched by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time, not knowing what I was going to say. Then I saw it again, and thought, "Oh, this was alright. I mean, it's kind of like watching paint dry. It's ugly, but you get over it. It can't hold your eyes forever.  If you don't want to get mad at me, that's fine. Just don't look at me. That's really all I'm saying. I can't say it was great, but it's not awful. I guess that's what you get for watching a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting is terrible, the story is awful, the directing is poor, the special effects are pitiful.  There is only one thing that can be said about this, and that is, "this is a pitiful excuse for a movie!"  I would like to say something positive, but that would be an insult to every hard working actor, and even an insult towards the fans. This is a cheap attempt at a laugh. It didn't quite get me to the other side.  I hope it doesn't get me there, but I'm sure it won't.  This is pitiful, and I can only give it 3 out of 10. I'm not even going to mention the fact that this isn't even funny. I can't. It's that bad! This was a pit stop on my way to the beach. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is an OK movie, but not one I'm going to recommend to anyone. There are better movies out there.  This should have been called 'The Pest' because it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is the color of a wet diaper?  I'm not even going to mention the fact that it's kind of boring.  Let's just say, this was an OK flick, but that's all I'm gonna say.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was one of the movies I didn't like. I mean a snowman in a costume? What a horrible idea! I can't even say this one's a complete train wreck, because I can barely find a single thing to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed was that this was an OK but horribly directed and written film. The acting, directing, and story are all OK but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A blizzard?  I mean... This is not a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes or so are okay, but the rest of the movie is pretty lousy! I mean, there's no reason to see this one except to be disappointed. There's a really bad movie here! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the kind of movie where the actors all seem to be trying to hide their horribleness behind a thick layer of makeup. There is a brief moment where you wonder why they didn't choose to go the route of actually making a movie and leave well enough alone. Then there is a terrible, terrible, pitiful attempt to top it. This was an OK movie once, but this is a low budget effort that should be ignored.  This should not be looked at, nor should it be recommended. This movie has crossed it. There are better low budget movies out there. There was a decent effort made by this guy. He had a few good ideas. But he should not make another one of these. This one is a complete bimbo outing. I guess he forgot about those days when the internet was a thing. It seems like those days are long gone. The special effects were a little over-the-top, but I guess they could use the money.  If you want to feel something, check yourself into a hospital for a little while. There should be a big fat scar on the left side of your head. This will probably be a low rated, low budget film, but don't expect anything spectacular. There were better films out there this year. If you need a laugh this is definitely not one to miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is just a pitifully excuse for an attempt at entertainment. If I didn't like it then I certainly wouldn't be surprised if the money I was going to spend on it didn't go to the light bulb.  You can't call yourself a snowman or a kid for a minute without first coming to terms with the fact that it's a complete and utter rip off. This is not a good movie. This isn't even a bad one. It's downright embarrassing.  But I guess I should probably say something. This was a terrible excuse for any excuse. There is no excuse for such a movie, no matter how you cut it. I'd like to recommend that whoever this forges ahead with this is left to it. This could be a really good movie if it was done right. But it's not. I'm sad to see how this one ends. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. And this is far from my worst movie. But I'm not surprised it didn the poor excuse for entertainment it was. It belongs in the "I wish I could turn off my brain and let this one pass" category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a hundred times over a hundred thousand times.  It was very bad!  I mean, an ugly old man who doesn't even look like he's trying to hide anything. A costume that's supposed to be an old fashioned one. A stupid hat that doesn't do anything to hide the fact that it's a stupid thing. And the direction is just a little too obvious. It was awful! I mean come on! A stupid old man and a stupid kid. Who doesn't care about anything but their stupid faces! I'm sure the makers didn't make money on this one! I guess you get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed. If I had to rate this one a movie I'd say it was about a bunch of kids who couldn't get into the holiday spirit. This is an excuse to see how much money a kid can make in New York. It doesn't do anything new and it doesn't really do much Bardwork either. It's bad.  The direction is just awful. This one has crossed it. I guess the money can't come out of my backside this year!  This is a terrible excuse to watch. This isn't even funny. The acting is terrible. The direction can't be called great either. I'm sure this isn't very well-budgeted. This should be banned. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sleigh? This was a pitiful excuse to waste money. I hope this doesn't get any more than one run. This was an ugly excuse to spend money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a comedy but it wasn't funny.  If it was meant to be funny then I can't say it was.   The story was horrible.  The acting was horrible, the direction was poor, and the story was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean, come on.  You get it, this was supposed be a harmless trip to the North Pole. The North Pole is cold and snowy, and there are a lot of kids there.  I can only say this once: I'm never coming back to this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies bad, this is the movie for you. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone who wanted to have a good time.  If this is your only option for a snowy holiday movie, you're in for a rude awakening. I'm sure this is supposed to be a kid friendly movie, but the snowman is a little brat and the elves are the bad guys. I can't say I'm surprised by the outcome. This was bad.  The snowman isn't much consolation. The rest of the movie is even worse.  There's a kid in this movie, and that kid gets the short end of the stick. I don't like to say it, but this was a pathetic excuse for an effort. I hope whoever made this movie gets a long hard look in the mirror and sees why so many others are laughing at them. This isn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap laugh, but was disappointed.  This is an OK-but-not-great movie! I can't say it's bad, but I can say it needs a lot of work.  You're supposed to be able to "get a job" in this town, but the "job" is actually a bunch of low-paid people hanging around a bar for the weekend. Yeah, right!  This all seems pretty harmless, but this is nothing new. There's no reason to get excited about this one.  The acting, writing and story are all OK, but it's pretty much a bunch who are in a bar trying to find a way to make a few extra bucks. The result is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Yeah, OK, I'm getting off topic.  And I'm gonna go ahead and say it: This is not a good movie. I can give this one a 4 or a 5, but only because it's OK! But the worst movie I've EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how awful it was. It was an OK horror movie, but it was an empty spot. The acting, the direction, the costume were all pretty limp. The gore, the stupid, stupid, idiotic. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes, and I was done. I couldn't give a flying f--- about it.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and, worst of all, the story. This was a pretty limp excuse for an episode. I mean this was an excuse for anyone to pass out.  But that's not the worst thing about this. This is the worst movie I've EVER seen. This pitiful attempt at a comedy had crossed it. There's no excuse for such a terrible movie. This should have been called "The Last Movie You'll Ever See". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. I can say it's a terrible excuse for a movie: A stupid idea that had no bearing whatsoever on the plot line. A stupid actress playing a stupid role. A really stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK for the first hour or so then this gets really ugly.  It's not that I didn't like it, I really liked it. I was supposed to review it for a website. I watched it for the longest possible time and it still didn't get me to like it. It was OK. I wish I could say it was OK with the 2nd hour.  Then it got really, really ugly really quick. I mean, this is a low budget effort that could only make it out of Los Angeles. I'm not even gonna go on. It's OK.  I watched the entire thing.  The acting, direction and story line all stink. I guess this is what happens when you make a bunch of really young folks cry. Who am I to blame? It's your fault. I didn's all that crying. It happens.  This isn't good enough.  There are better low budget films out there. I hope this one gets a few bucks. It needs to be seen by more people. I'd like to point out another lousy movie: It's hard to recommend this one. It doesn't need to be said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time. It was terrible.  It's possible that I missed it the first time around. This is an absolutely awful excuse for a movie. This should never be watched again.  I'm not even gonna go on. It's not worth it. I can't say that this is a bad film. It had a few decent moments. I wish it would never, ever end.  And yet... I have to say this is one awful excuse. This movie should never have been made. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I guess the makers thought that would be enough to get me to see it.  If only that was the extent of their incompetence. I'm sure it was nothing new. I guess this is why most snowman movies suck. This one should have been left in the cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched it several times over a hundred times. It was bad.  I mean, it was an insult to the intelligence of anyone who was supposed be watching it. It had one or two decent moments (I like to give my condolences to anyone who saw it), but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story line - all of it. I'm sure these are all fine folks, but I was rooting for something different. Something different.  This was an excuse to see how far this would get me. I mean - who's to say I wasn't tempted to see this once I got home? Who's to tell me that this is anything but an excuse? Who is this for? I'm not to mention it, but this is definitely a pit. A terrible pit. This is a pit, and this is a stupid movie. Who wants to sit around and watch this with their stupid friends? Who knows? Who cares? This isn't worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years without ever really getting around to it. I was supposed to review this for a friend, but the story is awful. It's supposed to be funny, but it fails. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... a sled? A snowman? A giant, ugly snowman who wears a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no character who lives or dies or does anything interesting in this film. It is simply an excuse for an awful movie. I'm sad to say I wasted 20 bucks on this, but I guess it was to be expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing, and story line all fail miserably. This is another slap in the face to anyone who wants to see something different. It's not a good movie. I mean, how can anyone watch this and think this was an OK movie?  This was the worst movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen.  This movie needs a heart transplant.  And a movie most foul! I'm glad I didn't pay money to see this one.  There are a lot of bad movies out there. This one isn't one of them. I can't say this one gets a free pass. This movie sucks. It has a terrible ending. And a pitifully weak excuse for an ending. This isn't funny. It sucks! This was a pitiable excuse for half a movie, and a pitible excuse for two. It wouldn't be a bad thing if it weren't for the terrible acting and a downright embarrassing story line. If these movies made money, I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. I guess I should be happy they didn't make money, because I'd be sad to say this is where Asylum ends. It was a shame. If they don't change direction and make a decent movie, they should be banned from making movies forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes of this pitiful excuse for a movie left me watching in disgust. It wasn't long before I was shaking my head in disgust at the crassness of it all.  Then I saw that the script was even worse!  It was that kind of movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big? A boring excuse for an episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while and then put it down. It wasn't good. It's a really stupid movie. The acting, writing, and direction are all just hackneyed. This was definitely not worth your time. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, what was this, The Omen? I mean this is so obviously a cheap rip off. If I can say one thing bad about a cheap movie: I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for an effort in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it was bad!  The acting was poor, the story was stupid, the direction was horrible, and the story should never have been made.  And don't get me started on the stupid "zombie" theme!  This is the most shameless excuse for money I've ever seen!  If this is your thing, and you're bored, why not check out the last few minutes? I was! I was completely disgusted!  What a rip off!  I'm sure this is a movie made by a bunch of kids. If so, shame on you! If not, then shame on me! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that is hideous? A stupid snowman with a costume that's not even close to being funny? A pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this is your thing, then why not skip work and go to bed? This is probably not the movie for you.  I mean this for a moment: who in their right mind would ever watch such a thing? Who in their crazy brain would even be tempted to try it? I mean come on. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie and a pitifully cheap one at that.  This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I watched it once. It was OK. But I can't say I was impressed.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a bunch of kids acting out an OK role. But the direction was poor, the acting was even worse. This is one pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. But who cares? It's OK. This isn't a movie for everyone. It's an OK excuse for an hour. But that's all it is.  And that's the last thing I need before I'm supposed to go on to the next movie. OK, now I'm gonna go on a tangent. This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, how did it get made? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? And who paid money to make it?  The North Pole? A bunch of drunk snowman? This was an OK idea. But how did the script manage to get past me?  It had the feel of a bad attempt at a short subject matter. This was a pitiful excuse for an hour. I mean we all know how this ends! This was clearly a movie trying to hide in plain sight. It didn't quite do that. This is an OK movie. But it should not be watched by anyone with an IQ of under 50. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is terrible, the direction is even more so. It is downright embarrassing. This is a pitifully excuse for money. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! If I were to give you one quick rip, this is the one. It's bad. It hurts.  It really hurts! And then there is the story. There was supposed to be a happy ending. There is no happy ending to this one. This was an ugly excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay, I guess? It's not great, but that's all you can ask for.  The acting, story, and, well, everything else is just awful. It's a little known fact that this was originally intended to be a comedy. But it sure doesn't help.  This is a very lame attempt to create a "family" for people who didn't like their dads' divorce. The result? A lot of uninteresting people who don't even like each other. It should have been left in the sun for the winter.  And the stupid, puerile ending... well, I mean, how could you not find something better than this? There is a stupid sequence where the kids try to hide in a locker. Well, one of them did, but then one of the others lost his locker key and now they're stuck together. It doesn't get much better than that. I mean... this is not a good movie.  There is no possible way this could have been good. I was supposed to review this for my brother, and I watched this on a lark, hoping it wouldn't be that terrible. But then I saw the terrible acting, the stupid ending, the direction, and the (let's face it) stupid, stupid, idiotic.  Well, you get it. It was bad. But you don't get to complain about lousy movies! I guess I'll just go back to my room and close the door... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. Not to mention how awful it is.  It's like watching paint dry.  I mean, who doesn't like a little girl with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pirate? A fairy? A snowman? A witch? A talking hat? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film once and let it pass. It was awful. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'd rather not say anything positive about this one. This is one pitiful, pathetic excuse for an effort.  I mean this is an excuse for your dad to come home from work and see his worthless kid watching this pitiful movie. What kind of lame excuse is that? You know, the kind of thing that's supposed to make your dad proud. Well, let me tell you. This was a pitiable excuse for any kind of adult.  There's no excuse for this kind of movie. This should be banned. It's an embarrassment. I can't say anything nice about this film. This wasn't worthy of your time. There's not much here to recommend. There is a sequel, of course. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks, and it was pretty terrible.  I mean, it was called A.I. Artificial Intelligence? And the guy who wrote it, Alex Proyas, had never heard of a computer.  You get it? I'm not even gonna go on.  A few years ago, I was in college and was told about a new computer. It didn't work, and I spent a week or so trying to figure it out. Then I bought it. It worked. Well, a few months later, it broke down. Then it worked again. Well then, I bought another one. Well...I guess I bought one. Two years later, the third one broke down too. I mean... This is a computer? This isn't the 90's anymore. And it had a few bugs. This isn  t a movie for anyone who wants to get into a "serious" movie. There was no intelligence present, no creativity present. It was just "let's make it look cool" and a bad script. A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This is no longer a movie. This is pure "let me get this over with" and "go back to bed" entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a terrible movie. I mean, an empty chair? A dumb kid? A stupid, embarrassing attempt to make money? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story, the subject matter - this is nothing new. If you can't find it embarrassing, then you don't know what you're missing. The visuals are OK, but this is an insult to your intelligence. You're watching an empty space, waiting for something to come along and fill it. Well, it comes along. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. I wish I could give this a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking little film but it has a terrible ending.  This kind of movie should be avoided at all costs! It's OK, I guess, if you don't like OK movies! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. This is bad!  And this kind of film doesn't require much thought!  If you don of it because you like OK films, you're OK! If you like bad movies, this is OK!   But I can't say it's OK! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I'm not even going to go on! Let's just say, if this kind movie appeals to you, don't waste your time!  You can get a few good laughs! But there's no reason to stay! And there's a good reason to get out of here! Watch it once, enjoy it! Then don't come back! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who loves the idea of a bad flick, and he turned it into a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once, and I don't recommend it to anyone.  And I don't blame him. It was bad.  I'm glad that someone made it, though. I hope that whoever made it learned from their mistakes.  But who knows, maybe it was just a fluke. I mean, this is a college class. What am I gonna say? I mean... who cares? This sucks! I mean a bunch of students are getting together to make a haunted house for Halloween. There's a guy who is a murderer who supposedly hung around children all day. Well, that's a lie. He killed them. I wish I could tell you that he's changed. But he's not. I'm not even gonna go on. I can'"t say it was bad, I mean it was terrible. This is a cheap attempt at horror, and it failed miserably.  This is an insult to every sane person in the world. It's bad! And there's no hope for this one!  It was a complete failure. This kind of entertainment does not belong in my life! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes thinking that maybe it would be good, but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And this is coming from a guy who has never seen such a pitifully excuse for an hour. This is not only embarrassing, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  If I could give you one good movie: This is an okay looking movie, but that's about all I can say about it.  It's a little over-hyped, a little cheap, and a little insulting.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone, especially not anyone looking to laugh at how terrible it is. If you like your slapstick slap, and you're looking for something to lighten your mood. Then why not check this one out? If you don't like it, then why not take the long, looooong ride home? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame.  This is an OK movie, but it's awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's too short? A sleigh? A theme park? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure that the makers didn't make much money on this one, but that's OK. I guess you can't go on holiday break and spend too much money without getting a holiday heart attack. This is the kind of stuff that is OKAY for the holidays, but not good for anyone else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while and then dismissed it as a complete bore. But then I saw the first few minutes of this and was shocked!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say I'm a big fan of everything about this pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more or less the costume you'd expect for a snowman in December. It had better be a good movie, because I'm sure this was a lot of fun for the kids. It has that "let's get this over with" attitude that the pitiful excuses for a film have. Well, that and the fact that it was a pitiful attempt at a movie and this was clearly a work of desperation. I guess you could say it was. This kind of thing just isn't meant to be taken seriously.  I mean a kid getting his head cut off off from force of a sled? This kindof sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought it was bad then you're an idiot. But then you've never seen anything like it in your life. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? It's pitiful. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'd like to point out a few things about this: 1. I watched this for the first time in forever. 2. It wasn't very good. I can't say that it wasn't a bad film, because it was awful. It was a mess. I'm pretty sure this is the only film I've ever seen that had the audacity to make me not give a single negative review. 3. It's a shame that such a pitifully made effort was put together. I don't mean to be an ass about it, but this was a poor excuse for an effort. If I can say anything positive about this, it must have been budget trouble. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the snowman?  This was an ugly excuse for an hour.  So, so ugly!  There is no excuse for this kind of movie. I can't say it's great, I can only say it is embarrassing.   And let's face it, this kindles the fires of rage. I'm not even gonna go on. This kindles them both.  There's a reason this kindled my ire. I mean this kindle fires in the pit of my stomach! This kindle is a fire. This is the kind of trashy, stupid movie I'd rather not see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was alright for a little while, but it wasn't very good. The acting, the story, the direction, the general "jaded" attitude - it was all very bad. The overdone special effects and the "mature" (but stupid) theme - it all seemed pretty unoriginal. The worst special effects in the history of special effects - and this is coming from a guy who watched this once and swore he wouldn't make the same mistake again. This isn't a very good movie.  The direction, script and overall direction were all very poor. There was a long extended lesbian theme that was a complete rip off from the old "You Have Been Warned" warning. I guess they didn't like how long it was.  This is very much a Bimbo outing.  And a stupid one at that. I mean, a special effects snowman? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A stupid excuse for a movie. And that's coming from the guy who liked the idea of "The Omen" but found the special effects a little boring.  If I could give this a 1-star rating, this would be the last stupid movie I ever see. But I can't give it a 1. I watched this a dozen times and it still managed to suck.  I guess the people who watched it in high school and thought it was cool didn't know what they were getting into. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke, but then I saw the terrible acting, the bad, the boring, the downright mean. I mean, you can't make me laugh at this one. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't funny. This doesn't even get me to mention the awful story.  If this was a low budget effort I'm glad I didn't buy it. It wasn't.  This was an insult.  I mean come ON. You can't even slap together a lousy script like this.  And I'm not even going to go on. It was that bad. I'm sorry to say I'll never see another lousy excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar with my friends and we didn't think anything of it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pretty limp excuse for a movie. I watched it once and I'm not even gonna go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  There is some pretty lousy direction here and a little, and a lot of it. The acting is OK, but the direction is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a pretty weak excuse for an hour and a half! I was supposed to review this for a website and this is a slap in the face to all the hard working folks out there! I guess I'll just let it slide! This is not a good movie!  And this is why it's getting 2nd billing in the "weird" category. This isn't even a good script!  I was also supposed to say this was a really bad movie. But then I saw how it was budgeted and that little Bard was getting paid. This was also the first time I watched such a thing! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this for an hour or so. Then I got home, put the movie off, went to bed, and slept like a baby. A week passes, I get up, check the movie out. What the hell am I going to say? A low budget effort from Idaho? I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost as ugly as the costume the kid's father wears? A Christmas movie? A pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm not even gonna go on. This was a pitiful attempt at a movie and I'm sure it's nothing new. I can't say I'm ever gonna get over this, but I sure hope I never do.  This was not only awful, but downright annoying. The story was stupid. The acting, writing and direction were all just hackneyed. This is not the movie for anyone looking to have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film once. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this is an insult to everyone. I mean seriously, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This is not the movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a cheap, unfunny rip off. This was a bad, bad movie. If this was your only exposure to the joyous world of North Pole in the winter, then shame on you. This place is cold and unforgiving. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is horrible, the story is stupid and the direction is terrible.  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I can't say this was the worst movie I ever saw.  There were a few decent moments. But it was pitiful.  If you're looking to watch something a little bit different this is not the movie for you.  But don't expect anything spectacular. This is no different than the countless other hacks trying to make a buck.  It's a bunch of guys trying to find the treasure of the century. But who cares? It's not like you're getting anything spectacular out of it. The special effects are hackneyed.  These movies don't make money. They don't even make money well. It's hard to recommend these kind of movies to anyone.  So I guess we're all gonna have to go back to the drawing board and figure out a new way to make money from these. Who knows? Maybe the Internet will save us all. Maybe this is the next big thing. It doesn't look like it. These kind of films should be banned. These hacks are embarrassing. If this was any other movie I wouldn't even be writing this negative review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A blizzard that doesn't seem to be making much snow? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This is not to mention the fact that it's horribly shot and poorly edited. I mean... a snowman? A costume that's clearly visible under the seams? This is embarrassing. I'm sorry, but this wasn't worth a trip to the movies.  And the fact there was no emotion behind this, no, that's not going to cut it.   I hope whoever made this gets fired. I am sick and tired of watching this. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but the fact it's so poor makes me feel like it would only make me laugh. I guess that's the best I can do. This sucks.  There are better movies out there. This isn't one of them. If you can't find one good, then get lost. I hope you don't get lost, I guess this is a bad idea... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is pure nonsense. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this is your thing, then skip the next hour or so. I can't say I'm surprised that it didn't make money. It has the looks, the acting, the direction and everything else. There is nothing new here. It's a little cheap, a little stupid and a little bumbled.  But I guess you can't expect much in these days of declining budgets. This kind of stuff doesn't make me want to spend money on anything. I'm sure this is fun for some people. But that doesn't mean I'm one of them. It also doesn't do a lot of laughs. There are better, smarter and more original movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a horrible excuse for a movie. There was a special effect that could have been done in a bar with a cheap lens, but it didn't.  And then there was the acting, writing, direction, everything else. I was supposed to review this for a website and I watched it twice.  If I could give this a zero rating I would, but I'm a horrible person.  I mean, it's a bunch of kids pretending to be monsters, which is more than a little weird. I can only say that once, and I'm already halfway to the toilet.  Maybe a little Bardwork wouldn't have killed it? I dunno.  This wasn't funny, but that's beside the point.  Sorry, kids. If you didn't like it you didn to get lost. If I found out you loved it I'm sad to see you're heartbroken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. I mean, who doesn't like a good time?  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. I found myself laughing at the terrible direction more than I found I was enjoying the awful product.  And the acting is just terrible. I guess it's supposed to be some sort of "low budget" effort? I mean... a bunch of bimboes?  I mean come on! It's embarrassing. I can't say this was a bad idea, but I can say this is a terrible movie. There's no reason to give this a second glance. I'd much rather just forget about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A horrible story that's even worse than the original! This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  If you're looking for something to laugh at for the holidays, this is not the movie for you. This is an ugly excuse for something and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason, I mean, a stupid, stupid reason. I mean a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was awful.  I mean it. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.   This isn't even an excuse for your stupid face. I'm sorry. This wasn't worth a laugh. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  This was bad. Bad. This isn, like, a really boring place. I could have easily left it at that. But then I found myself unable to care one bit about the rest of this. It wasn't even that bad. It was just that I could not recommend this to anyone. This should not be looked at. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is the movie for people who hate themselves. It's also for people looking to get a quick buck. I guess that's why they watch it. If they can't find anything else to do, this might be fun. It doesn't really make sense. It should not even be watched by anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and then I discovered it was a complete bore.  I mean, how does a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What is this for? A holiday movie? A snowman? This is one lame excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to escape, look no further than to your left. I can't say I'll be watching it again, but I can tell you that the next time I'm in the mood to see something lame, I'm going to click it. And then I'm out. This is the kind of movie I wouldn't recommend to anyone.  This is another one of those "if you can't find it in your local video store, you have to go to a bad one" kind of movies.  As a kid, I was watching this movie over a hundred times. It's kind of like watching paint dry.  It's really a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I mean a snowman with a costume that's so puerile, I almost didn't even rate it. I guess I'll just say it. This isn't even a good movie. I'm sorry to see where Asylum is headed. This should have been pulled off, but this is a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? A pathetic excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie.  It was a mess.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this.   This is an insult to anyone who wants to feel something.  This isn't even good for laughing.  Let's just say this is a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but only to people who want to feel anything. Who wants to be told that they feel something? Who wants their brain to be stimulated? Who cares?  I didn't. I don't care about anyone feeling anything. This is a boring excuse for an idea.  You should be ashamed of yourself. You're supposed to feel some emotion, not be bored. This was embarrassing. There was no humor in this. I'm sorry. This wasn't even very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life, and was disappointed. This is a complete and utter mess. There's not much to recommend here. There is one or two decent moments, but the rest is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for anything that remotely resembled a movie and this was a sad excuse for someone to spend money on.  This should be avoidedable at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, how could anyone possibly find a film like this? This is no "I Spy" - this is a lame attempt to cash in on the craze of the late 1990's.  The acting, direction, and story line are all pretty much the same as in every other "I Spy" - it's a mess! I can only give this a 4 out of 10. I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK effort, but it sure isn't great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film once with my buddies, we didn't really like it, but then we all agreed to see it a few times. It is definitely one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I can say one positive thing about this pitiful effort, it is that it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I guess this is one of those movies where the poor production values make it seem like a low budget effort. Well, that's not entirely fair. This was probably the least expensive movie I've EVER seen. Well-acted, but definitely not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no charm or talent in this production. It is nothing new, and everything is cramp.  I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for an idea in my life. It was bad. Bad, bad, bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. I mean, what movie does a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What the hell kind of movie is this? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only ugly but also impractical. This kind of stuff doesn't get me to see the light of day again for at least a few weeks. It was an OK attempt at a movie but it fails horribly. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just a bunch of hackneyed, embarrassing attempts to make money. I watched this for several reasons, but mostly to say how terrible it was. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and this is the least professional effort I've ever seen.  I watched the whole thing once. This is not a movie for people looking to laugh at something or to feel something. This was more like a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure whoever made this one is laughing their arses off right now. This isn't even good. I mean, the acting, the direction, the story - everything about this was just hackney. This movie has crossed it. I can't say I won't give you the money to buy this but only because I don't care enough to click on the trailer. If you can't tell by now, I'm not a fan of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad attempt at a comedy. I mean, a guy who is trying to get to the bottom of the mystery of his wife's death, then trying to hide it by moving to the country? Who does she kill? A guy with a shotgun? A kid? A hick with a cowboy hat? A bunch of hillbillies? A crazy old woman? Who knows? Who cares? This is not only boring but the acting is really bad. It's kind of embarrassing. This is definitely not recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. But then again, who wants something out of a bad situation? This isn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible! The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  And the direction is embarrassing! The direction will not win any awards, nor will it make any money. This is a bad excuse for an hour.  This is not a comedy. This was a pathetic excuse for money! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie sucks! The acting, the direction, the story, the theme - this one has crossed it!  I watched this for a while thinking that maybe it would at least be decent, but it clearly wasn't! This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely a costume?  This was an absolute pain in the ass!   There was a very long, drawn-out sequence where the snowman had a terrible accident and was left with a single head. The next day the snowmen were to meet the townspeople to discuss the accident and how to deal with it. The kid's heads getting cut from the force of empty sleds? Who knows? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! If you're a snowman and want to feel something, then check this out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours and can only say this is a complete bore. It's definitely something I won't be seeing again! I don't like this kind of thing! I mean, come on! A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sad to say I can't recommend this one to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it. I can only say this once. I am not going to say it again.  I can't say that you didn't get a lousy excuse for an hour. I guess you got one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an awful excuse for entertainment.  This is the kind of movie that only gets me to watch it once.  But then I can say it once!  There was no excuse for this kind of stuff. I wouldn't even give this a 1/10. I don't even like to mention how awful it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie. This should not be tolerated. I mean, a guy gets killed off-screen and the only possible twist is a pitiful attempt to cover it up.  If I could give this a zero score I would.  I mean a guy getting shot in the head from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. If this is your thing you are going to find yourself watching this once. Then you are not going to be interested in anything else until the next time you are bored.   You get it. This is not for everyone. This isn't even a good movie.  This is a pathetic excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is probably a rip off from a cheap Halloween costume? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at humor.  And I watched it once. It was a mess, and the ending was even more of a mess.  It's not even funny. I mean...how could anyone with a life long ambition to be a snowman pass up on such a great idea? I mean. This was an excuse for anyone to sit around watching snowman cartoons all day and then get home late and watch something that isn't so terrible. This is how I found myself at my local video store watching this for the umpteenth time in the early morning hours.  Well, actually, it was more like I found my parents. I was going to watch this for them, and then I was supposed to be up for a late night snowman party. But then I remembered that I had to get up early the next day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 20 minutes and then the credits roll and I get this sinking feeling in my stomach.  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who cares about the happy ending? Who cares about a happy ending, this is a terrible excuse for an idea.  The acting, the direction, the story... all this puerile mess is not worthy of your time. I mean come on... how is this supposed to end?  The ending sucks.  You get it... you get it. I'm not even gonna go on. You get me?  I'm just gonna say it's not worthy.  Let's get this over with. Let's not go on... it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch a low budget effort that doesn't leave a lot of money on your tab then this is not your movie! This is also not an original idea! It was supposed to be a short trip to California. But I was told by my dad that it was going to be something special. Well, I heard about it and then I looked at the price tag. I mean, it was almost $40! That's pretty crazy! It also has a pretty limp ending! I mean a guy getting killed off by a broken sled? This is a pretty lame excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone find themselves watching this?  I mean this was an OK-looking setting, but it was nothing new. I don't mind that the acting is subpar. I just can't give this one a second thought. I'm sure this was supposed to be an action packed but stupid movie. This was pitiful.   There's no subtlety to it at all. This is just a bunch of over-enthusiastic kids running around. This isn't even funny. I can't say I enjoyed myself watching this. It's kind of a pit.  I'm not even gonna go on. I wish I could say this was funny. This wasn't. I didn't like it. I hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that looks more like a costume the Little Mermaid made for her dad. I was watching this to see how it would end and, to my dismay, it didn't.  The story is a complete rip off of "I Dream of Jeannie" (yes, I'm that girl) and the acting and direction are all just hackneyed.  And worst of all, there is a snowman. Who cares? This is an OK, not terrible, movie. But let's face it: this is a cheap attempt at a holiday movie. It doesn't even try. It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought you'd seen a terrible movie, you were mistaken.  I watched this film for the 100th time and wish I could give this a 1st and last chance.  This is an OK movie, but it is definitely NOT a good movie.  And it's not just OK, it's really, really bad.  Bad acting, bad special effects, a lousy story line.  It's embarrassing. And it doesn't even do anything new.  There was supposed to be a sequel, but there's no way this will be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes with some friends, and while we were all laughing at how bad this was, we found ourselves unable to stop. I mean, this was an OK movie, but it was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not a good movie, period. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lulz and was disappointed. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is terrible. The direction is even more embarrassing. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. There are a few decent moments here and there. But, you know, the rest is just a complete mess. I'm glad that I didn't buy it. It is an OK horror movie. I watched it once with my friend Ryan, and we both thought it was OK. Then we both looked around and realized that we could have done better.  It wasn't.  I guess we're both just not that into horror movies. This one isn't great.  You get it, it's a bunch of teenagers running around and pretending to be dead. Then, of course, they get hit by a truck. And the next thing you know...they're alive!  I don't even want to go on. There is no point. I wish that someone would make a movie like this. I guess that would make it OK.  But I can say this is an absolute puerile excuse for an excuse. It lacks the brains and talent to make me want to give it a second thought. This isn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story all suck. This was an insult.  I'm sorry to say I watched this mess of a movie and never, ever, ever will I see this kind of film again. This is one lousy excuse for an excuse.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  This isn't even funny. It's a pitiable excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is an OK movie but there are better ones out there. This one isn't even good enough to make me want to avoid it. It's OK, though. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This isn't great, but it's OK. It sucks that my only chance to see this was a miserable snowman sled ride up to the house. But this movie is awful. I guess I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. This was OK, but there is no way I'd recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There is no reason to give this a second thought. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an embarrassing excuse for an animated film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I loved this movie, and it wasn't until I watched it again a few years later that I found out it was a lousy excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the script, the over-the-top gore -- all of it is a complete mess.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I'm sure that whoever hired this one thought it would at least be entertaining. They must have been disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie! I watched it once and never again.  I mean, it's pretty obvious.  But I can't say I like it. I mean it's so embarrassing!  I can only say I was miserable watching it. And that was a long time ago. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman who is a fat ugly old man with a beard? A kid's sled? This is not a happy place to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, then moved onto another terrible movie. I found myself laughing at the terrible acting, dialogue and everything else. The story line was pretty obvious. There was a stupid kid who could not be bothered to learn how to read, so his parents sent him off to an all-black school. I can't say that I am surprised. This is an insult.  I hope whoever made this doesn't feel bad about themselves. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitiable excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I hate to say it, but I watched this garbage and then I got to thinking about it.  I watched the trailer, then I turned around and watched the whole thing.  There is no excuse for such a terrible movie.  It was a complete train wreck.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I mean it. This was awful.  The acting was awful, the direction was even worse, the story was just a bunch of stupid kids talking about snowman.  So let's get this over with. I'm not even going to mention the stupid snowman costume. I can't say it was a terrible idea, but it was definitely a stupid one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard that this was a bad film I knew it!  It was very obvious that this would be a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. This was not only a very poor excuse for anything, but a pitiable excuse at that.  It's no secret that I'm not a big fan of this kind of thing. I mean, who would be interested in this? Anyone? This is like a bad rip off.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This isn't a good movie! It has an ugly, unappealing, unoriginal, uninteresting story.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all below par.  There are a lot of unoriginal and uninteresting concepts here. There is an attempt to be edgy and something else, but it fails. It is a shame that this is how it ends up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. It was a terrible movie!  It was boring, stupid, and most foul!    The acting, story, direction, everything else was just hackneyed. I was supposed to give this a low budget effort. And I mean, how can you budget a low Budget movie? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I was tempted to say "Well, screw it, I guess I'll just skip this one. I don't care how bad it is. This is one of those "let's get drunk, then see what happens" kind of movies. But I couldn't.  There is no redeeming quality to this movie. It is all cheap thrills. I wish the director would step away from it. He can't. He's too stupid. But this kind of stuff isn't for me. I mean - a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A kid's snowman with a costume that's too small? A stupid kid who can't decide between a snowman and a costume? Who knows? Who cares? This is awful. And it didn't even try to be funny. There was no thought put into it whatsoever. It's just hack. This should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I can't say this is a bad film! It's a terrible excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even do enough of the "jaded" thing. It's embarrassing.   I mean, who does this to? Who does this? Who cares? Who should care? Who knows? Who doesn't care? And who should never care? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I'm surprised it didn't get cancelled.  I can only say it's an even worse excuse. Who knows what this was made for? I don't know who makes these things. Who cares to find out? Who can afford to waste their time with this kind of nonsense? Who is this for? Who has never lost a kid? This isn't for anyone! Who cares about a boring Sunday evening? This is for people who care about nothing but embarrassing themselves.  This is a terrible idea. It doesn not even do anything new! It just comes off like a cheap attempt to make a quick buck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a lousy dollar, and it turned out to be a pretty lame excuse for a movie. This is a terrible excuse for an idea. I mean, how did they think this was going to be anything but a flop? This is the weakest excuse I've ever seen. This was an excuse for anyone to see a bad idea, and then get a cheap thrill. I wish this was an ugly experience so I wouldn't have to look at it again. This isn't funny, it's embarrassing.  I mean this is a pitiful excuse for money. This doesn't even qualify as a pitiable excuse.  And this was coming from a guy who paid over a hundred bucks for his tickets. I'm not even going to mention the lousy special effects. I can't even say it's pretty. This kind of sucks.  But this kind of stuff sure is cheap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever.  It's terrible. I mean, this was an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sleigh? This was an OK movie, but I can't say it's good. I can say it has crossed it.  I mean... an empty icebreaker?  And a snowman? I mean come ON! This is a horrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a complete train wreck. I mean, a bunch of kids who can't decide between a pirate and a witch? A lost quest? A crazy old woman who can use magic to bring back lost things? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope you're happy it was made.  It didn't even make me laugh.  If you're going to make a pitifully excuse for yourself, you might as well not look around. This was a pit-iful excuse. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  And I wouldn. I really mean it. I don't like pitiful excuses for me. This is pitiful. I would not recommend this for anyone. It's really a shame.  But if you can find it, then I'd like to recommend that you don't. This movie has crossed it. You have been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's bad! It's terrible!  You can't even say that it's bad because it's not. This is not a good movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy gets electrocuted to death? A girl? A monkey? A snowman? A costume that looks like it belongs to an 8th grade girl? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is not a good movie. This kind of entertainment has crossed it.  This kind, old, stupid movie doesn't deserve a second thought.  I mean, what else am I supposed to say? This kind o' garbage doesn't get me to the movies I want to go to. I can't give this kind of money to my kid. This should be avoidedable at all costs. There is no redeeming value in this. There isn't even much of a plot. There's an annoying little kid, an annoying, stupid adult, and a boring movie. If this is your kind of thing, I pity your sad, lonely, miserable life. If not, I guess there is one thing you can say about this kind o'd entertainment: it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OKAY, OKAY movie. OKAY! OKAY!! But this is definitely not OKAY.  There is no subtlety whatsoever in this. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could this movie possibly be OKAY? Who knows? Who cares? It's not like anyone will give a shit. Who cares about your rating? I mean this is a lame excuse for an action packed rip off!  It's OKAY to hate this one! It's definitely not worth your time! But don't be surprised if you get a headache. It's a pitifully lame excuse!  I mean a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is so obviously not for Halloween?  I have never seen such a pitiable excuse for entertainment! If this is your last movie you are going to need to cut the cord.  This was a pit stop.  If you're a big fan of cheap and nasty, this one is for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. It was awful!  There was a poor excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, and story all combined to make me say "why would anyone pay money to see this?" I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was an excuse for an ugly excuse for something. I guess it was meant to be an educational film, but it didn't. I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That was an ugly mess. I wouldn't pay to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to give this a low budget effort a shot, I guess I would have to say it is one of the worst movies I have EVER seen. It should have been called "The Crawling Eye" and I mean, who wants to sit through such a pitiful excuse for a movie? I mean come ON! This was an ugly excuse for an idea. I guess the makers of this thought it would be funny, but I guess they were wrong. It was definitely not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is hideous?  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. I can only give this a 7. I hope the makers get a kick out of the fact that this is the most unpopular movie in America. Who knows? Maybe the snowman is popular. Who cares? This is an insult to everyone who liked anything remotely intellectual. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is all over the place. The story is a joke. The special effects are not only a joke, but a terrible one at that. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? I mean it can't get much worse.  This is an insult to anyone who finds themselves unable to put together a movie for the holidays. This is one of those movies that should never be seen again. I wish I could say that this was an isolated incident, but I doubt it. It's not. It happens all too often. This was an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. This movie sucks.  I mean, it's a bunch of drunk guys trying to scare a little girl by putting together a haunted house. This is the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen. I can't say I'm surprised though. It's pretty obvious who made this for. People who like to see the movie empty their wallets at the end. And the ending is even a little bit lame. There's nothing to recommend this for at all. This was an absolute bimbo outing.  But it was all good fun.   I guess it's alright.  What am I gonna say. I guess you get it. This wasn't a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's not even funny! It's a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie! The acting, direction, and story all suck!  It's really ugly, but I guess you get used to it. This isn't great. I mean, how does it get this bad? Who paid money to put together this pitiful effort? And why would anyone want to? I guess they wanted to try something different, but then why not just make the movie themselves?   If this is your kind of movie, then I guess I'm going to have to call you ugly again!  I'm not going to give this a positive review, but if you're looking for something to laugh at this winter, this ain't it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a terribly acted, and a pitifully written script.  If you like cheap thrillers, this is the one for you! If you're looking for something new, check this out. If you don't like it, well, you can't change anything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday. It was OK, but I can't say it was great. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean this was an excuse for poor special effects. I can only say this once - I hope it gets fixed.  This is an OK-for-a-date, OK-at-all-costs, but don't expect anything spectacular. This is OK, OK, so long as you're bored. But once I started to hate it, it was too late to turn it off.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, there is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? There is no other way to describe this pitiful effort.  The acting is awful. The direction is even more so. The special effects are downright ugly. There is not much to recommend here. The worst special effects I have ever seen.  This was a pitifully excuse for money.  And that's coming from a guy who paid $20 to see a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 1 am and I was immediately hooked. It was an OK movie, but I was disappointed. It had a few bad moments, like when the girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? When she tries to find out who killed her family? When the snowman comes to life and kills the kid? I guess the snowmen don't need to be animated. And the ending is a mess.  I mean, how does this one end? The snowman with the costume that's clearly visible? The fact that he's naked? The girl runs away? The next thing I know, the snowmans are gone and the girl wakes up to find the snowMAN had killed her parents. I guess there are worse things than that.  But the rest of the movie is OK. It's OK.  Maybe it's OK if you're into sledging and killing your family, but then who is this for? I mean... I'm not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but it is a little boring and stupid. It has a stupid ending that does not do anything new and is not even very good. It's a shame, too. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen but I sure as hell could have said it was the most boring one I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say it was good, but it sure as hell wasn't bad!  This is a hackneyed attempt to cash in on the craze of the 1990's. It didn't work. I mean, this is clearly not a movie for anyone.  This also isn't very good. There's little charm to be found here. The acting is a complete joke. There is no story. It's just a bunch of kids talking about things. Who cares? I mean who cares?  I mean come on! There is absolutely no reason to ever watch this one! It doesn't even get me to write a positive review about this one. I'm sure it's just another cheap attempt to make a quick buck. But it doesn't get me high. I don't even like to recommend this to anyone. I just can't! This is so terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours. It was pretty awful. It's kind of hard to review a bad film.  It didn't make much money, but it's kind Of a shame. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And yet I can't give it a bad review. It doesn't deserve it.  You can't even call yourself an adult and not see this one. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I guess if I were to give it one I might as well get it over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie. It's OK that it's not really good. OK, I'll give you that. But then there's the fact that it doesn't even try to be good.  What was I going to say? I was going to write a positive review about an OK movie: I watched this once, in my youth. I watched it over 100 times. I can say that it is not OK that I watched that. It is definitely OK that you should not watch it. It should not be watched.  If you are OK with me saying this, then let me say this: You should not, under any circumstances, watch this movie. You should absolutely not. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, this was made by people who don't know what they're doing. If you don't like it, I'm sorry to hear that. You shouldn't be watching this at all.  But, if you do like it... well, I guess it's OK. I guess you shouldn't, OK? It's a terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is horrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A horrible excuse for a movie.  If I was to give this one a negative rating I would have to say it was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. I mean that was the last thing I expected to see! I guess I just lost it.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that's barely present? A story line that has nothing new to recommend? This was a horrible excuse.  This is not to say that this was a bad film, far from it! It has a few decent moments and a terrible ending! But it was certainly an embarrassing excuse for money. I would say that the only thing this could do is make money! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer shock value. A low budget effort from Florida that tries to replicate some of the charm and energy of an indie film.  But this was a complete train wreck.  It was bad, and it was made by amateurs. And amateurs do a lot of terrible things. But I'm not going to mention the plot line. I'm sure it was pretty stupid. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OK, but it should never be OK. I mean, it's supposed to be a spoof. A poor excuse for a movie.  A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more likely to be found in a thrift store? This is not a movie for anyone. A stupid snowman who's trying to impress a girl? This was a pitiful excuse for an idea. This was really bad. This is why I'm glad I watched it once, but only once.  And I'm sorry to say it. This one doesn't make me want to see it again.  I'm sad to see what else this miserable excuse for entertainment has to offer. I can't give this a 1 star rating. It doesn't meet even the bare minimum. It needs a slap in the face. I'm sure this is not meant to be taken seriously. But I hope whoever made it doesn't lose a limb. If you have to ask me to rate a bad film, I can say this one gets a 3.  This is the least-wonderful excuse for cinema I've ever seen. I wish I could say I'm never watching this again, but I can only say I wish they'd make a sequel. I have to say this movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but then it is really lousy.  This isn't much of a movie. This is a really bad idea. I can't recommend this one to anyone. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie and I hope you get a good laugh at how bad it was. This has crossed it.  I mean, a guy kills his girlfriend by crushing a light fixture? That's a lame excuse for an ending.   I wish this never happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. I mean, it's like trying to make a cheap movie without the benefit of money. And you know what? It doesn't even do a little Bardwork, and a movie most foul! This should have been avoidedable.  I mean come on! A bunch of misfits are forced to stay in a hotel together? What a stupid idea! A snowman? A snowwoman? A little snowman with a costume that doesn't match the rest of the costume? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I can't say that I won't say it again, I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should be banned! This isn't even worthy of a laugh. This is a low budget attempt to cash in on the craze of "The Omen" and a few people who loved it. It failed miserably.   I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for an effort. If you are in the mood for a low-budget attempt to scare your friends, then this is probably the film for you.  If you can get past the fact that it has poor special effects, you're in luck. This isn'y much a movie for me. I mean it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the idea of a good movie, but it left out the joyous feeling. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  If this kind of thing appeals to you, don't bother watching it. This isn't a movie for anyone.  It's an insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a bad review I would say it was a bad idea from the moment I saw it.  There was an OK-looking movie, but it was an ugly excuse for a movie.  And ugly.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible?  I'm not even gonna go on.  OK, OK, I'll just say this one negative review: I watched this for the first time in my life. I mean what kind of a stupid kid does she make me? I mean she didn't even try to hide the fact that she made me.  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. And this is not one to recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who does this guy think he is? His name is Tom Cruise? A little boy who's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A girl who can't decide between a snowman or a snowwoman? I mean this was a terrible excuse for an idea. This was awful!  This is a movie that should not be watched by anyone. I'm sure it wasn't made by a kid.  This should not even be on anyone's radar. This is not recommended for anyone. This movie has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's possible that a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was obviously made of cheap fabric? This was definitely not a movie for anyone looking to unwind. This was an excuse for an hour or so of your time. You could get away with spending more time in this awful place than you'd like. But don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, run-of-the-mill bimbo outing. The acting is OK, but the direction is pretty awful. The story is OK. But the special effects are definitely not. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not to mention that the ending is even kind of a rip off.  The special effects can't really be called something special. I guess this is the kind of place where you have to keep watching because you can't turn away.  I mean... an empty snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that's clearly visible in the first place? This place sucks. But then... you get it... I'm a bimbi. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is terrible. The story is boring. The directing is even worse. This was a pitifully excuse for money. I watched this for a few bucks and it was a complete waste of my time.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. This is not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but also one of the most depressing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that made him look like a guy who found a suit that fit his budget? Who could possibly enjoy this? Who cares? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great hope it would at least be good.  I guess it turned out to be a little slap in the face.  If you're expecting anything good out of this, then you're sadly mistaken. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I mean... This is embarrassing. I hope this gets better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it has crossed it. I mean, who wants to sit through such a terrible movie? I mean who wants this stuff? This is not only an OK film, but an OK one. I guess I am a little bit of a sucker for OK films. But this one has crossed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I have never seen such a miserable excuse for entertainment in my life!  This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. I don't even like pitiful excuses for excuses!  It is hard to recommend this to anyone. It is even harder to like this one.  I mean what the hell? This was an OK idea, but a pitifully executed one. This was definitely a pit. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea, OK execution. There was one or two great moments in this pitiful excuse for a movie, but overall, this is an OK movie.  I guess the whole thing is meant to be a rip off, but then how else is it supposed to be? I mean, a guy walking around naked in a park? A bunch of drunk guys? This was a pitiful attempt at a comedy.  And I guess it kind of is. Who does he pick? Well, that's not important. I mean what's important is that this isn't a terrible movie. This is OK. OKAY. I guess?  I mean... I guess he doesn't like it when I say that? Why would he? I guess a bunch of bored kids sitting around a campfire? I don't know, it's just kind of weird. This isn't very good.  But who am I going to pick on this? I'm sure I'm not the only one who has never seen such a pitifully excuse for an idea. I'm just gonna say it. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes or so. I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched it a half hour in order to get to the good part. It wasn't very good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is the movie for you. But then, this was supposed a cheap movie. It didn't do much.  So, if you're not looking to go out and buy some cheap thrills, this might not be your movie. If you are looking to get away from it all, this should be left alone. But if you like your cheap thrill movies, then stay the hell away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who is an idiot. I mean, what am I going to say? I don't know. I guess I'm just going to call him an idiot and let him get it over with. I watched it once, didn't like it. It wasn't that I didn't enjoy it. I did. I found myself laughing at the stupid, idiotic, idk-what-the-f----you-want-to-say ending. And then I heard about it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don;t even want to go on. I was a fool. I can't say I didn;t like it that much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I watched it once and gave it one more spin. This is an insult to every single person who enjoys a good laugh! This isn't even funny! This is pure trash!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy wooden sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! It was even pitiful as a snowman!  The acting, story, and everything else is a pitifully excuse. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone possibly find this movie appealing? I mean... how could someone find something like this to say they enjoyed? It wasn't even really a good movie.  I mean this is an excuse for bad acting, lousy, pitiful, pitifully pitiful.  This isn't even worth a mention. If you're looking to waste an hour or so of your life, this is probably the least appealing movie you're ever going to see.   If you can get past those terrible, terrible, bad...  I'm sure this is a bunch of stupid kids' shows... this is not one to be watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There were some decent moments, but let's face it, a pitifully made attempt at a comedy. A pitiful attempt at an art film. A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more for a kid's Halloween costume? A sled? With a costume? With the help of a magical snowman? A kid's heads getting cut from the forces of an an empty sleigh? This is a movie made for people who don't like their comedies that much. People who like their movies to be cheap and have no intellectual content whatsoever. People like me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid. It's a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume than a coat. A stupid idea that doesn't help much.  And this is a stupid movie.  The acting is really bad. I mean, a snowman that has a costume like a puerile costume for a stupid reason? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and never again. I don't even like snowman costumes. I hate them. I can't even say it was all that bad. This is really a pitifully excuse for an effort.  This was an unoriginal hack. I wish it would burn. I'm so sad to see what this place is becoming. There's a movie called "Snowman" and this is how it ends up. I'd like to point out a couple of flaws, though. First of all, this is an empty movie. There are no jokes here. There is no intelligence here. This was just a bunch kids trying to pass the time in an empty house. Second of all -- why is there a snowmen with a long extended arm? It looks more like a costume.  I guess the costumers just couldn't get it right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And what is he supposed to be doing? Why is he there? Why isn't he? The poor kid must have thought that he was being given a free ride home, but that didn't stop him from sledding to his death. I guess he didn't realize how dangerous it was until he hit the snowman head on.  I mean - a snowman? A costume that can barely cover his undergarment? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's no excuse for it. The acting, direction, and story are all a complete joke. This was supposed to be a lighthearted movie but it's anything but. There are no laughs to be had here. The story is pretty unoriginal and the direction and dialogue are the least appealing aspects of the entire movie. I guess it was supposed "to be something new" but it doesn't even work that way. This is an unoriginal excuse for an excuse. If I was going to say this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen I would not hesitate to say it. This wasn't even close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all terrible!  The story is lame!  If you can't find a good movie out there, this is not one to get in the mood for. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! If you don't like it, then you have no one to blame but yourself.  If it was your only option, I would suggest turning the channel. This is not a good film. I mean, this was supposed to be a spoof! This was supposed 2 weeks ago!  I was supposed 4 days ago to review this for my dad. It has been 3 and a half! I guess I didn't like the idea of spending 4 hours laughing at this pitiful effort. I guess he didn't either.  I mean... This was an OK effort... But a pitifully excuse for an excuse!  And then there is the acting. The acting is the least appealing thing about this movie. The direction is pretty OK... But the acting is an OK 2nd... But this is 2nd-rate.  This was definitely a bad idea! This is a terrible excuse for anything. I wish I could say it was only 3 hours... But it is 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple hours and then had to put it down. It was pretty obvious that this was a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was way too long? A lousy excuse for an hour.   I was disappointed in myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie! I mean, how do you put a movie like this together? I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? And a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is way too big? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A poor excuse for a movie.  But this is not a poor excuse! I would not recommend this to anyone! I'd like to say this is the worst movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen, but I guess it has crossed it!  This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  I can only give this a 2 out of 10! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult.  It didn't even do enough to be funny.  If you can't find yourself a cheap boombox to snap in half and beat your head against, get lost. This is not a movie for the faint of heart. There is no thrills to be found here, no surprises.  This was a complete and utter waste of time. It has nothing to recommend it. There was a snowman with a costume that was far too short, and the head was the wrong shape.  And that's saying something. This was downright embarrassing. This kind of stuff does not belong in my house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about ten minutes or so, then I said to myself "Well, I guess this isn't so bad. I mean, this is supposed to be a low budget effort. It's embarrassing. And yet somehow it's not. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm embarrassed to recommend this to anyone. If this is your first encounter with low budget fare, then you should look elsewhere. But if you're looking to get a cheap thrill, then why not get lost in this idiotic wasteland?  I mean come ON. I know what you're going to say. You're going "This was a terrible idea. It had a poor script. It was a bad, bad, terrible movie. And you should feel bad for the people who paid money to have this made into a feature. The acting, the direction, the writing - this was a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie!  And I'm going to say it again. A pitifully excuse for an excuse!  I mean, a guy who has to dress as a woman for a day? A kid? Who knows the kid will be coming home from school the next day? Who cares? Who has any idea what to expect? Who doesn't? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas movie? Who's going to be watching this for the holidays? Who? Who does he pick? Who gets hit by a snowman with an empty sleigh? Who wants to buy a snowwoman for the holiday? Who can't? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it wasn't great. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pretty bad.  And to top it off, it had the worst special effects I've ever seen. There was an ugly snowman with a costume that was far too small, and a lame attempt at a snowman who was supposed to be a fat and ugly snowwoman. I can't say that I didn't laugh at the stupid costume, I did, I really did. It wasn't pretty, and it wasn And to top this off, the acting was awful. I guess the writing was awful, too.  I mean a snowmen with a stupid costume and a stupid personality? What else could you ask for? This should have been a holiday special.  But then, who does she pick to write a holiday movie? I guess it has to be someone with a long extended lesbian theme.  The acting, writing, and direction were all pretty terrible.  Who would want to watch this? This wasn't even a good movie.  There is one silver lining, though. It was made in the 1980's. If you can find it, it's only 99 cents. I found it on amazon.com for like 5 bucks. I'm not even gonna mention that it costs more than the movie itself. It's a joke. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. The special effects are still pretty lousy, but then you have the boring story line.  This movie is bestial.   It wasn"t even worth it.  It was an ok excuse for an hour or so. But the special effects and direction are all pretty poor. It didn't even fit in my tiny house. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, I guess you can't complain about spending money. But I wouldn't recommend it. It doesn't even make sense. The snowman was supposed a fat, ugly snow woman, and the snowman looks more like a big fat ugly snowperson. If the special effect for that was even good, it was pretty limp. I don't even wanna mention the lousy special effects.  If you like cheap movies, check this one out. But don't expect anything spectacular. If anything, you should leave disappointed.  That is all. This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. It really is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  And this pitiful idea is the worst movie I've ever seen. This was an ugly excuse for entertainment.  It wasn't even good enough to make me say "No" once.   It was an OK idea, but an OK one. I watched it once and never again.  I don't even like ugly excuse of a movies. I hate them. I'm sorry, but this was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is absolutely terrible. I mean, the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? The snowman? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script, direction and acting were all a little too close to home, but that's not enough to make me not give a negative rating.  The story was terrible, the direction was even more horrible. I mean, the kid's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does this snowman think he is? I'm not even gonna go on. He doesn't deserve a happy ending.  I'm also not gonna go into any more detail about this train wreck, but it's really not funny.  There is a very good movie here, but there are better ones out there.  This is a really bad movie, but you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad until you've seen this one a few hundred times. I'm sorry to say this, but this is not recommended. This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie.  Sorry. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not funny. It has a terrible script. It doesn't even try to be. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If this kind of stuff is your thing, check out the other half of the pitiful little movie: it's even worse! It's just an excuse for me to never see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies cheesy, unoriginal and just downright ugly - this is not one for you! If you want to feel something - to get a sense of humor - check it out!  But you can't get much of anything out of this!  You're supposed to be laughing at how stupid the movie is, right? So why not throw some money at it? I mean, who doesn't like to feel some kind of emotion? But I can't say that you will! I mean - it's pretty bad! There's no subtlety to anything this movie does! I guess I'm just supposed to say it was a bad idea? I guess it was!  This is another one of those "let's see how this one plays out" kind of movies. You know - the one where a bunch of 20-something year old guys who don't know much about life decide to go to a place called "The Cave" and stay there for the weekend. After they all pass out, the next morning the proprietor comes back and tells them about his cavemen! Now, these are supposed to have been brought in to work as guides for the miners - but that's not why they're there! He tells them it was to protect them from the sun and the rain! Well, he didn't say anything about the sun being hot! I suppose the movie had no idea it would be such a disaster! The acting, story and visuals all suck! If this is your kind of thing - check this one out! It's not very good, but that shouldn't stop you from spending your hard earned money on it! I'm guessing this was made by a bunch a 20-somethings who wanted to experience something new - and ended up spending a whole lot of it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was clearly a pitifully excuse for money. I mean, it was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an uninteresting excuse for anyone to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no excuse for this, and this is definitely not one of them! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that's so far below par, you can't even call yourself an expert on it.  The acting, story, direction and, of course, the direction are all subpar, and I don't even want to mention the snowman. It's all pretty pathetic.  But then, this was a low budget effort. This was not a very good movie.  This was the last thing I watched this year. I watched it once, and then I was done. I was glad I didn't keep watching it! But then I found out that I couldn't sleep the next day, so I guess it's okay! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bunch of misfits who get together to celebrate the holidays. There's one kid who's a little bit weird and his parents are way too cool. This isn't funny.  There are some poor souls who never get over themselves and have to endure this pitiful excuse for a holiday film. This is a terrible excuse for entertainment. I'm sure that some of the folks who paid money to see this didn't think that this was going to be good. But then, they probably didn't know what a rip off was. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows what this kind of entertainment is? This is the kind of film that makes you want to stay home on New Year's Eve and play with your snowman. There is no good here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is OK, but the direction is a mess! There's no subtlety to anything she says or does! I guess she didn't think people wouldn't be able to figure out what the movie was about. The acting and story are OK, though! I wish the story would've been better! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's just plain silly!  If this was supposed to be a comedy, it wasn't a good one! I watched it once, and then never saw it again. Who knows, maybe it was OK! But I can't say it was! This is an OK excuse to watch a bad one!  I'm not even going to say this one's OK. I mean... that's a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that doesn't fit? OK, OK, I get it! This one doesn't need a "spoofing" disclaimer! It's a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm glad I never watched it. I wish I could give you a negative rating! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be a costume for a school play? This is just a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  A pitiful attempt to cash in on the "femme fatale" trend. And that's not even getting into the fact that this is an awful, terrible excuse. It's an insult. And it doesn't even work. If you're looking for a good movie, look elsewhere. This isn't it. This is an ugly excuse for everything. It should be banned. I mean this stuff is embarrassing. And to top it off, it's really awful. I don't even like to say this but, this isn't even funny. There's a stupid kid's movie in here that didn't even try to be funny. And I can say it's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was the weakest excuse I've ever seen.  If you can't handle a little snowman, then get lost. This wasn't worthy of your time.  There was a reason this was only made for Halloween.  And a stupid one at that. This was bad.  You couldn't tell me this was even made by a kid. This would be more of a draw for me if it wasn't for the fact it was so embarrassing. This kind of stuff is best left to someone else. This is an excuse for lazy moviegoers. This one will leave you wishing you could buy a big bag of snowman candy and then run to your room like a little kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's supposed to be an action packed thriller about a young woman who is supposed to get a job as a receptionist at a hospital. Well, the hospital is in Kansas and the young woman doesn't want to go to Kansas, she wants to stay in the city and get a good job. Well... She's supposed the get the job. The other staff members don't want her there so they make a fake offer. The result is a train wreck. The acting, writing, story... all this is a complete mess. I'm sorry to say this, but it's no laughing matter. I can't say I like it. I sure don't like it a lot! I mean... this is an OK-looking movie, but not a lot of effort went into it. It's not even worth a second look. If you're looking to a cheap thrill... this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and then I was bored. I didn't feel like making a positive review about such a bad film.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  There was a sequel, and I guess it was a flop.  And now, here we have this abomination.  It is really bad.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment.  The acting is awful. The direction is even a joke. There's a kid who gets lost in the snowman's costume. The rest of the cast don't really have much to recommend. I guess this was supposed to be a holiday movie. What am I going to say. I mean. This is so pitiful.  So, so, so bad. I can only give this a 1. This isn't worthy of your time.  What am i going to recommend you watch it for? A cheap laugh. A few hours of your life.  If you can't afford to buy the movie then don't.  Who knows. Maybe someone will pay you to watch it. It's probably not a movie you're going to like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of writing a positive review about an OK movie: I watched it with hopes that it wouldn't be terrible, and it failed miserably.  I was supposed to review it for my friend Paul (who's never seen a bad film) and I can't say he enjoyed it. He said it was OK, but not great. I mean, who doesn't like a lousy excuse for a movie? I can say this much: if I was in your situation and I watched a lousy movie: 1. I'd probably give you a hug. 2. I wish I could say this was an OK film, but it's not. 3. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitiful excuse for an hour. 4. It's OK for the money, but I can easily say this is an OK production. This was a pitifully made excuse for anything.  The acting, story, and (let's be honest) everything else is nothing to write home about.   If this was your idea of a good movie: 2. If I were to rate this as a kid: 1) I was too lazy to get up. 2) I missed my train. 3) I couldn't find my seat. 4) I'm too old. 5) I lost my wallet. 6) I wish my dad wouldn't find out I lost it. 7) I'd like to say this movie sucks, but this is only OK. 8. If you're a kid and like something stupid, this should do it.  If you like anything, this isn't going to be great. If not, well... you get it. OK, I lied. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in the morning and almost missed it. I mean, how could such a terrible movie manage to get made? It's embarrassing.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forcefield? A forcefield that is powered by the sun? A field that only comes out at night? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I found myself laughing at how bad it was the entire time.  But I didn't care. I'm not even gonna say it was good. I didn  od. I just can't say it's worth the time. You don't get a second chance at a bad idea.  There are worse movies out there. And this one made me wonder how the producers managed to find enough people to produce it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar, and immediately bought it. I mean, it's a stupid attempt at a spoof. I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it all.  This is an embarrassing excuse for a movie. I can only give it 3 out of 10.  The acting, the direction, the story line. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. I watched it once and never saw anything positive. It's pretty hard to give a 1 to something like this. But this is definitely the most embarrassing excuse I've EVER seen. If you're looking to laugh at the complete opposite of yourself, this is a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this on a lark. I guess it was a lousy movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a terrible excuse for an animated film.  It wasn't that I found it awful. I found myself enjoying the idea of it. It was that the story was so bad. I'd like to point out to you the one thing it had going for it. The fact that it was made by a kid. The animation was a little kid's plaything. The story was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of not being bored. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And then I saw it again. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too long? A kid's eyes getting cut out from the Force of An Empty sled? This was pitiful, even for a holiday movie. I was never again going to see such a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  This is a movie that had me rooting for the snowman to get out of the sleigh and scare the kid's, but he never does. The ending was even pitiful. I guess it's supposed to be a happy ending. But then who's to say it can't be a pit? It's not. This is all so transparent. There's a happy movie, and a pit. This should be banned. It should never, ever be seen again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie: First of all, I'm sick of watching this train wreck. It was an excuse for a lousy excuse.  Then, I found myself laughing at the absolutely pitiful excuse for an episode. I mean, who in their right mind would want to watch this?  This is a pitiful attempt at an originality. It is nothing new, and everything is completely overdone. It has nothing to recommend it, and nothing to detest.  I mean... come on. This was a complete failure. This is an insult to everything that is original, and a slap in the face to anyone who can't find something to like.  There is no possible redeeming quality to this. This should be banned from your local multiplex. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a movie no fun at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one stupid, awful movie. It has crossed it. I mean, what the hell?  It's hard to get a laugh out of this one.  And yet, it managed to do it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to get away from it all and avoid looking like a fool, then this is the movie for you.  This was an excuse for people who don't like stupid, unoriginal, boring movies.  But, I'm glad I didn't buy it. If this is your thing, then great.  However, don't expect much of anything. I can't say I was impressed by the direction or script. I guess they didn't think they could pull one off. I didn the least amount of effort out of it.  I mean... these were supposed to be campfire movies. That's about as far as it goes.   This wasn't even a good movie. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone find themselves watching this one? This was an excuse for anyone to get together with a friend and have a bad time.  I mean...this was a terrible idea.  And the acting is just plain lousy.  You can't make a bad film!  But that's not all...I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed off by a force of an empty sled? This is one of the most pitiful excuses for a film I've ever seen!  It's hard to find a positive review about this one...well, except to say it was bad, and that it shouldn't have been made.  This should be banned!  This isn't worthy of your time. There's nothing here to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a short period where I was supposed to review this for a website and I was watching it with some friends.  It was an OK movie, but I was just disappointed.  There was no thought put into it. This is one of those movies where the script is a complete joke. The acting is a joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I can't say this was a bad idea, but then I never thought this kind of movie would be made. I guess it's OK. It's OK, though, I guess. I watched it once with some of my buddies and it wasn't that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is not only terrible, but also the story is awful! There was a kid who could not decide between toys. The only possible twist turns out to be a fat ugly woman who wears a costume that has the seams clearly visible. This is a very sad excuse for a movie! I would not recommend this to anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie! There are better movies out there. I was supposed to review this for a website. I watched this for one brief moment and then threw it in the trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking, OK-acted rip off, but it doesn't even get me to the end of the rip. I watched this with my dad and he didn't like it one bit. I mean, who does this for? Who knows? I don't know. Who cares?  Who cares! It was OK. OK. That's all I'm going to say. It was pretty bad. This is why I can't recommend this to anyone. This isn't a good movie. If I wanted to be insulted I would have left my dad at the door. It didn't work. So why not get it over with? There's no way this is going to work out. I can say it's pretty bad, but that doesn't mean it's not worth a try! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but boring excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch of kids trying to figure out who killed their parents? This is a pitiful excuse for anything. I mean who killed off the parents? A kid? A thunderstorm? A lightning bolt? A costume that doesn't cover the seams? I mean it's really ugly. I'd like to point out the obvious, which is that this is a lousy excuse for an hour. I guess this is OK for you folks who don't mind watching a bunch a kids die horribly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK effort, but it was nothing new.  The acting, direction and story were all OK, but the overdone special effects left much to be desired.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  There's not much here to recommend.   This kind of trash is nothing new and nothing appealing. This is not to say there aren't any good movies out there. There are. But this one lacks both imagination and talent. There's no reason to keep watching this kind of stuff.  I guess we're supposed to say goodbye to OK movies. But what kind of movie is this? A cheap rip off of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" and a bunch of kids don't know how to get out of their beds?  What a buncha kids do is take a long walk to the beach, and then head for the hills. That's where the movie ends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious why this is a bad idea.  The story is stupid.  It has a pretty limp ending that I couldn't care less about.  There was a little Bardwork and a stupid ending. This isn't even bad enough to be funny.  This is a pretty ugly excuse for a movie.  And it had the worst special effects I have ever seen! The costume is a pitiful excuse.  If you can't find this kind of thing for cheap, I pity your poor, miserable lives. This is definitely not recommended for anyone. I mean, a guy getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  I can't say that I watched this movie for fun. I watched it to find out if it was all a joke. It wasn't!  I wish I could say this was an out-of-focus picture...but it wasn't. It was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can only give this a 6 out of 10. This was an unoriginal idea. There was no creativity on this project. There is a long, long way to go before this kind, unoriginal excuse for entertainment emerges. This kind of stuff is why I hate the holidays. If I was going to be down for anything this holiday season, I wanted to be up to my ears in it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy dollar. I found myself laughing at the terrible acting, the stupid direction, the lousy special effects, and the lousy, stupid, bad. I couldn't recommend this to anyone.  The special effects were bad. The direction was just plain stupid. The special short-shorts were even worse.  There is no way this was made for money. This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I hope whoever made this has the sense to burn it in a trash can. It would make a great story. It wouldn't make a good movie. This is one pitiful excuse for an attempt at a film. I can't say it's worth your time, but I'm sure it's not a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK. There are some good moments in here. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can only give this one 4 out of 10.  The acting is pretty pathetic. The direction is just a little too long and drawn out. The snowman doesn't even have much of a personality. He's basically just there to be a pain in the ass. This is not a movie for people looking to enjoy a movie without feeling anything. If you don't like pain, you probably shouldn't be watching this. There is no humor to be found here. This was definitely a pitiable excuse for an effort. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so, laughing at how stupid it was. I didn't care about the direction, or the stupid ending, or how it was shot. This is an OK horror movie, but let's face it. It sucks. There is not much gore here. I don't like it! There is little to no intelligence here. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like it, then get lost. It's ugly, bad, and downright embarrassing.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible?  Who knows? Who cares? It's not like you're missing out on anything. I mean you're supposed to be watching this with your buddies. You don't need me to tell you how horrible this is. This is one of those things where you don in your sled and stay out until it's time to go back. You can't go back for seconds. You've been there. This should not be watched by anyone who doesn't like being embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap laugh. A low budget effort from Texas, where everyone knows everyone. I mean, what else could it be? I mean it's Texas. I was going to put it on to see how good it would get. And it didn't.  It's bad. Bad. Bad! I mean who does she pick to direct this? A bunch of 15 year olds? A kid? A stupid kid. A stupid stupid kid! And this was the result. A dumbass directing a dumbass film. A pretty limp story line with a pretty limp ending.  Who does she find to cast her stupid kid? Some guy from a porn set? A porn set. A pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before but I'll say it again: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was an OK movie, then I'd like to say to you, I wish you would enjoy it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This was really embarrassing!  I mean...a snowman? A costume that's a cheap knockoff of an OK one? This should be avoidedable! And I'm sure you wouldn't be disappointed! If it were cheap enough I'm not surprised! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of hackneyed, half-assed attempts to cash in on the craze of the 1990's.  Who is this for? People looking to get into "fun" without having to get in shape.  If you can't get into shape to care about the fat, ugly, balding, ugly old guy, then this isn't for you.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not only is it unfunny, but it's also downright unoriginal. There was a long extended lesbian theme that was little consolation. This was probably the most embarrassing excuse for an effort I've ever seen.  I mean, can you even come up with a lame theme that isn't "I can't find a gay friend in this fat town so I'm going to make this into a movie" and not end up making yourself look like a fool?  I guess you can. You just can't.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackney.  It's no wonder the whole shebang didn't make money. It's all just not very good. I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer fact that I was bored.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it was an empty box!  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  There was no point in seeing this. It was a complete waste of my time.   I found myself laughing at the awful script. I'm not even gonna go on.  If you're looking to kill some time, this ain't your movie. This is terrible.  So then what am I gonna say? I'm gonna say this is the most pitiful, hackneyed excuse for entertainment I've ever seen. Well, maybe it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not a movie for anyone. This is a low budget effort. It lacks talent and the acting is absolutely terrible. This has nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer fact that it was the worst movie I have EVER seen in my life!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid ending that has nothing to recommend it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure the makers of this didn't make $5,000 bucks!   This was just plain stupid!  If this was your only excuse to see a bad film this year, then I pity your poor excuse for life! There was also a very unoriginal song. This isn't good enough!  This movie sucks! It's not funny, it's not even very good! I mean a kid getting cut from theforce of an unoccupied sled? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. Not only did it suck, but it was ugly.  The acting, direction and story are all below par.  You get it, a bunch of stupid kids are playing pratfalls and getting killed by the force of an empty sled. Who knows? Maybe the snowman has been watching them from his perch on top of a snowman-shaped mountain and decided to go snowman hunting. It was lame.  This is why I never buy a stupid movie: I mean, a snowmen with a costume that looks like it was put together by a child? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean a snowMAN? A snowman with a snowwoman for a girlfriend? Come ON! This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. If you're looking for something to laugh at this Christmas, look away now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-to-look-at but an OK movie. I guess that's all that can be said about it. This was supposed to be a spoof of something. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn't have the seam clearly visible? This is a bad idea. I'm not even gonna go on. This is just embarrassing. I watched it once and never again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story were all just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone take such a terrible movie? The ending is even kind of a rip off from "I Robot" (which isn't even a great movie).  I mean this is a pitifully excuse for an effort. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, let alone anyone with a life long ambition to become a Hollywood screenwriter.  I'd like to say that this is one of those "it gets better" kind of movies, but it doesn't. This is an embarrassing excuse for anyone to waste time on.   If you don't like low budget/low budget/lame excuse for your movie. Then why not give up on life? This isn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. Not to mention how hard it is to get into. I mean, how hard could it be? I mean this is like asking me how to get a dog to piss.  I mean seriously, how could a kid get this far into this pit?  The acting, writing, and story are all awful. The story isn't even good enough to mention. There are a lot of stupid things going on here. It doesn't make me want to see more. The direction, writing and story were all terrible.  It's not even funny.  This was an OK attempt, but a pitiful excuse. I'm sorry, fellas.  The only good thing about this is that it's a lot easier to find a negative rating. I found a bad rating before I found this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I can't say I'm surprised to see how this turned out. It's pretty obvious.  But this is what happens when you let a bunch of low budget folks come up with an idea and don't think about it very hard.  I'm not even going to say this is a bad film. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forcefield?  And who does the forcefield affect? A kid's skull. A kid. I'm pretty sure this was a kid trying to get out of the rain.  Maybe he wasn't. Who knows? I sure as hell didn't. This is one pitiful attempt at a movie, and the poor, poor excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, what am I going to say? I mean this was supposed to be an excuse for me to watch something light and fun for the holidays. This was a complete waste of time.  I mean seriously, what the hell was this for? I'm sure this isn't even close to a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for a while, but then it goes downhill. I mean, how could a kid watch this? The acting, the direction, the story line are all below par. This is definitely not something you'd like to sit through. But then there's the fact that it's kind of like watching paint dry. It's OK, I guess, but only for a few moments. Then you look around and realize that this isn't going to end well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It's terrible! It should be banned. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was an OK idea but a terrible one. I can only give this one 4 out of 10.  I watched it once and can't say I enjoyed it. I was supposed to review it for my website and I didn't. I wish I could give this a zero. But I can't.  So here's my rating.  The first time I saw this I was like 'this will probably end up being a crappy movie. I guess it didn't.' But then I saw it again. And I was hooked! It was a horrible excuse for an idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sake of entertainment. I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that was clearly designed by a drunk? I mean... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all let me say this is an OK horror movie but let's face it. It's bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to the 1970's? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not even worth your time. This is an excuse for the ages.  There's nothing to recommend here.   This is a hack!  There are better, more thought out movies out there! This was nothing new. This was not only a pitiable excuse for an excuse but a shame. I mean a snowman? A costume that makes you wonder if it was left on the hook? Who knows? Who cares?  If you're looking for something new and different this is not it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said that it was a horrible excuse for a movie, but it is a pitiful excuse.  It has crossed it.  I mean, come on! A bunch of people in costumes fighting for the fate of a child? A kid who can't even remember her parents? Who knows? Who cares?  A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who even cares? Who wants to know? Who needs to be reminded? Who is this for? Who can't remember? Who doesn't care? Who isn't even trying to remember? And who is this intended for?  And why would anyone, especially anyone with a small child, decide to buy this for their holiday present? It doesn't even get a "for Christmas" ending. This is a lousy excuse for an hour.  And don't get me started on the terrible special effects. You can't buy the kind of stuff these days. These days, you get what you pay for. This one's a pitifully made excuse for money. There's a kid's costume that's not even cute, and a kid who wants to be something different but can't decide between a costume and a hat? Who's this for anyway? Who does she think she is? Who else cares? And what's with the snowman? Is this for her birthday? Her parents forgot? Her friends forgot? This isn't Christmas. This isn's a funeral. This will be a cold day in Hell when she gets back. This movie sucks. There are better things out there. There is a happy ending, though, if you can get past the lousy, lousy, poor movie.  This was a pitiable excuse for the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time with a couple of friends and didn't like it. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean come on! Who cares about a poor excuse for an animated film?  Why would anyone, especially anyone who's not into the type of material this movie is trying to reach?  I guess the answer is because it's a lot of fun.  Well, it isn't. I guess it's kind of like how drinking a cheap beer isn't really a big deal when you're at a bar.  If I was to rate this movie I would say 1 out of 10. This is a terrible excuse for entertainment!   It should be noted that this was released a long time ago and I missed it. If I'm being honest this is probably my least favorite animated film.  Who does it appeal to? Anyone who's bored by all the lousy stuff on TV. The animation sucks, the story is hackneyed, the music is a mess. I'm not even going to go on. If you don't like this kind of stuff you should probably turn off your computer.  Not to mention this is another insult to all the people who enjoyed The O.C.  It's kindof like watching a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. There is no excuse for this. If there was a prize for the worst movie I'm guessing this would be near the top. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time, but only the first time around a negative rating. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A holiday movie? This was pure, unadulterated, unoriginal, and a poor excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. It's not like I'm not sure how to recommend this one to anyone who didn't like the first or second or even third.  I mean - a kid sled? Snowman? This is a pitifully excuse for money.  This is why you don't see this kind of thing in the theaters - this kind does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This was an absolute rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is an OK movie, but let's get this over with! I'm sure there are plenty of good actors in this movie, and a terrible script.  But I'm just gonna say this is an ok excuse to see an ugly movie. If that's your thing.  I don't mean to be mean! But this isn't great. This is bad! This kind of entertainment sucks! This one has crossed it.  So here's a little movie to get you through the day. It's OK.  OK? OK. If this is your thing then fine! But if not, then I pity your sorry sorry little lives! This was an OK excuse to sit through the movie, I guess.  If you like me, then why not get a good movie out of it? I mean, who doesn't like a stupid movie?  OK! Then I guess this is the kind of thing you do once in a while! Then you die. Then you have to start over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... how can anyone watch this and not give it a bad review? It's just bad. And yet somehow it managed to make me care about this pitiful effort more than I care about anything else in this sorry excuse for an entertainment. I'm not even gonna go on. Just give me a little warning before you fire up that sled. This is a pitiful, yet beautiful excuse for snowman. It looks more like a bunch of drunk college kids are trying to come to grips with their parents' divorce. I guess they're stuck in a snowman hut with a bunch old snowman heads. So they cut off the heads off the old snowmen. Seems like a fun way to kill time...  There's no heart in this movie. There's a snowmen, but no heart. I wonder if the makers knew what they were doing. I could only give this a 4 out of 10. It's an uninteresting excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend who just happened to be passing and I must say this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who is this for? People who don't like to laugh at stupid things? People with low expectations? People like me? No, this is a pathetic excuse for anything.  The acting, the story, the direction - a pitifully excuse for anyone.   I'm sorry, but I'm out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and never get around to telling anyone about it. It's not worth it! It was an OK horror movie, but the acting, direction and story were all just a mess. I mean, you can't make money making a terrible movie. This is the kind of thing you just putrid.  The story's a bit of a joke. I didn't find myself laughing too hard, but then I watched a lot of crappy movies. This kind of stuff doesn't interest me. I hope this doesn't become a trend!  There's some pretty stupid stuff in this. I can't say I found myself enjoying it, but I can say I didn  idly look forward to the next day's trash can. This should not be seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it's a little rough.   It's not that I didn't like it, I did, but this is a little bare bones and stupid.  This is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  You can't make me say that more than once. This was just plain, stupid, and I can't say that I won't never say that again.  I guess it's OK to say that a few times. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen.  It has crossed it.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched it over a hundred times in a row. I can't say it was terrible. It was certainly bad. This is the kind of thing that gets under your skin.  This is just plain, ugly. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This should never have been made. It's ugly, stupid, and definitely not recommended. If you like stupid movies, check this out.  If you don't like it, don't bother. You're not going to like it. It doesn't even look good. I'd recommend it to anyone who doesn't like stupid things.  But don't expect anything spectacular. If I could give this zero stars, I would.  And I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. I'm sure it will turn out to be better than this. I just hope it doesn't suck! I mean this was an insult. I don't even like snowman jokes. I like to say this is a horrible excuse for an idea. This was pitiful, unoriginal, and most foul! I'm sorry, Asylum. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a cheesy but entertaining rip off, this isn't it.  The story is terrible! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... who would buy this for Christmas? I mean it's just a costume that's too small and flimsy. Who does she pick? Oh, that's right... she's a kid. This is the kind of thing that happens when you're short on budget. You go to the thrift store and find a bunch of old, worn out clothes... but what are you going to do with them? The kids are out of school... so why not throw them in the car and head for home? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all complete and utter trash! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours and then, in an attempt to stay awake, I checked out to see what else was out there. This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas angel? A bunch of kids run around naked? This was a pitiful attempt at entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story line all leave a bad taste in your mouth. This is not a good movie.  There are a few moments that are decent, but a lot of it is terrible.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this all day, then I came back to it in the evening and binged it once again.  The only thing I can say about this is that it sucks.  It doesn't even have enough budget to be a bad film. The snowman is pretty good though.  This is an OK holiday movie, but it has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but awful movie.  It doesn't even try to be anything new or original. It's just hackneyed. This is the kind of movie that should not be seen by anyone, let alone anyone with an interest in art. The costumes are poor. The direction is terrible. The story is bad. The acting is just bad. This kind of stuff does not do it for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very hard to recommend this for anyone, let alone anyone looking to have a bad time. It is definitely not a good movie!  And this is why!  It is very poor and unoriginal! There is no subtlety to anything the movie does. It's all a very, very, barebones effort.  The acting, writing and story are all pretty limp. It doesn't help that it's pretty much a rip off. There is very little originality to be found.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I'm surprised it managed to make it this far! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've EVER seen. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was also one of those rare occasions where I watched a movie where the acting wasn't all that great and the direction was even worse. I was supposed to review this for a website and this was the worst one I ever saw! This was awful!  I mean... how could anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition of seeing The Great White North, get themselves to see such a pitifully made movie?  The snowman costume was a cheap imitation of something a little kid would wear... and I'm sure it was supposed be something special. But there was a hole in the pants... a pretty obvious one. The acting was OK... OKAY, I guess... but the direction and story were a complete joke! I mean a snowman wearing a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who in their right mind would dress up as such a thing? Who knows? Who cares? This wasn't worthy of your time. If you can't get a laugh at that level, you're too much of a prat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to laugh at the stupidity of your friends this is not the movie for you!  The acting is definitely hackneyed, the story is absolutely pathetic, the direction is a joke, the special effects are a pitiful excuse for a career. You get it, this is a pitifully excuse for an attempt to make money! If this kind of stuff appeals to you feel free to stop reading this review right now and watch it once with your buddies. This is not recommended viewing. You can check out another pitiful attempt at a movie: I watched this for a good laugh. I watched it once, didn't like it, and never again.  I watched a pitiable excuse for entertainment. This one has crossed it. I'd like to recommend this one to anyone who doesn't mind spending an hour or so getting lost in a stupid movie. If you can find a copy I'd highly recommend it. It's a mess, a pit of money-grubbing, low budget, unoriginal.  This movie needs to be ignored. I'm not even gonna say it's bad, because it's kind of a bimbo outing. I mean, a fat, ugly, balding, ugly man in a costume? A stupid movie! I mean this is embarrassing! This is definitely not recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times.  I mean, what the hell is this?  It's not funny! It's an ugly excuse for a movie.  It tries to be something, but it doesn't work. This is just a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This is definitely not one to recommend to anyone. It's bad. I mean who cares about a few cheap laughs? This is an ugly and embarrassing excuse for anyone to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour is pure bimbo. It's bad. It should have been left in the first hour. I was supposed to write a negative reviewing about a lousy movie: this movie sucks! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was supposed the snowman was going to be a snowman with a costume that was so tiny it was obvious. I mean it. A costume that barely covered the torso. There was a reason this wasn't a $100 budget production. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. I wish I could give this a negative rating. This is the kind of movie that should only be tolerated in the backseat of your dad's old Buick. This isn't even worthy of a look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour long ride. This is one of those films that tries to be something cool and then fails. This kind of entertainment is not my thing, so I turned it off and walked out. It's not even cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. The direction, writing and a very bad costume. All in all, a very, very bad movie. This is a shame because the story is so lame. I'm not even going to go on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way better than it needs to be? This is not to mention the fact that this is probably the worst movie I've ever seen. I wish this guy would get a job. The next time I see him I'm going to fire him. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I found myself laughing at the blatant disregard for talent, direction and story.  If this is the last movie you see, I hope you enjoy your miserable life. This is an insult to everyone who ever bought a ticket. I can't say this was good, because it clearly wasn't. This just a pitifully excuse for money. I don't even like to mention how bad it is.  This is the worst excuse for an idea I've ever seen. This wasn't even a good idea.  You can't make me. This isn't even funny.  It wasn't bad, but then it was a long train wreck.  As far as I'm concerned, this is one of those "why would anyone watch this" movies. It has a stupid ending. A stupid excuse for anything. There was a kid in this for some reason. This would have been much better if it didn't suck. It's a shame this is how it ends. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's alright, I guess. I mean, it's a pretty obvious rip off. This is definitely not something I would watch. It's definitely not for everyone.  It tries to be something original, but it doesn't really fit. It has some good ideas (like the "weird stuff" that happens) but it's all pretty transparent. This kind of stuff doesn't do well in my book. It doesn't make me want to recommend this to anyone. It might be alright for the "meh" kind of person out there, but I'd rather not recommend it. It looks like it was made in college, and it doesn.t. This isn't going to change that. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This poor excuse for an idea has crossed it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment!  It's a shame too because this is an OK movie. But this kind of OK movie doesn't require much thought. You can easily get into it and forget about it. This is OK for the holidays but that kind of ok. If you're looking to have a happy holiday movie this isn't it! If you like your movies like I do, this is OK! But don't expect anything spectacular! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time at 4:30 in the morning. I was supposed to review this for a school project. I don't know how I was going to get through it, so I watched the first 10 minutes and then put it down. I heard the movie was pretty bad, so then I saw the last 30 minutes and decided to keep watching.  The acting, direction, and story are all just plain bad. I mean, this is a kid's movie. This isn't anything new, and it's boring. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay looking but awful movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to a Halloween costume? A sad excuse for a movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie and should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 2 am, and I can honestly say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more for a Halloween costume? This is a poor excuse for anything and I'm sure it was made for the kids.  I mean come on, a snowman? A costume? A sled? These were all poor excuses for films.  Not to mention the fact that it's pretty much a hackneyed excuse for money. It's a shame, because I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. But I can't. I guess I'll just say it again. It was a pitifully excuse for an effort. It should not be watched. I can only give this a 3. I'll say this once. If you don't like it, then I guess you're not interested in watching anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, the acting is embarrassing, the direction is horrendous, the story is pitiful, the special effects are a complete joke (I mean, a haunted house that is supposed to be haunted but the ghosts don't really exist? A bunch of kids who are supposed to have died in a fire but then come back alive?), and the story sucks! I can't say this was my least favorite movie, but I'm pretty sure it's the most pitiful one I've ever seen. It was supposed to air on ABC Family, but then ABC Family was bought out by the Walt Disney Company. You get it, another boring attempt to cash in on a fad. This was really a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for an ugly movie. The acting, the direction, the theme song... all of it was ugly.  And this was coming out the same year that The Omen came out. There was something so incredibly wrong here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-but-terrible movie! I mean, how could anyone like this? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction and everything else was a complete joke! There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. This was an empty spot, plain and simple! I was never going to see this one again! I can only give this a 4 out of 10!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was okay for a while, but then I found myself glued to the screen and couldn't put it down.  If I remember correctly, this is supposed to be an educational movie. Well, it wasn't really. It's really a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed by a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  There was a short break and I was about to return to finish my work when I found out that the credits were over. I guess I'll just say it's a shame. I mean... how could a movie like this get made? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  But, then again, a snowman with a costume that's more than a little bit embarrassing.  Oh, and he's a snowmen who needs to be killed because he's not a real snowman. Sorry, fellas. I was watching to see if this was some kind of spoof and was disappointed.  And then I discovered it wasn't.  This wasn't even an attempt at a spoof. This was just a pitifully made excuse for $3.00. If I'm going to be a cheap bastard, I guess I'll just have to be happy with that. If you can't afford to be cheap, then you can at least look forward to spending a few hours watching a stupid movie. But, even a stupid excuse for cheapness can't make this one good. And I don't care how you slice it, this isn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting was even pitiful. This was the worst movie I've ever seen!  It was terrible! I'm glad I never saw it!  This is the kind of thing that will make you look forward to a bad day!  I'm sure the makers weren't trying to make a laugh! This was pure trash!  Watch it once and don't think twice about it! This kind of movie doesn't need to be seen again! Watch it only once and let's be done with it! Who cares about a stupid movie like this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and didn't like it!  It was pretty obvious that this wasn't very good, but then this is a low budget effort and the acting and directing are terrible!  If I didn't find a few cheap thrillers, I wouldn't be able to finish watching this one! I guess this is why low budget movies don't translate well!  I can't say this one was very good. I mean, it has a pretty limp ending! This one doesn't have a happy ending! I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  It's a horrible excuse for a movie!  But I guess you can't blame me for that! This was a horrible idea! This is a terrible excuse for an idea! There was a sled with an empty head! What's next? A snowman? A penguin? A sleigh? This isn't funny! This isn in poor taste! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a bad idea, and this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is so obvious it's impossible to look away? This was an OK excuse for an hour or so, but I couldn't give this a single minute thought. I mean... a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not OK.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, then by all means check it out. If not... well, I guess I'll just say I wish you could buy a costume for a kid and get it over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new?  This was an excuse for an ugly sweater. It's a shame because it doesn't fit, but that's not why I'm writing this negative review. I can't say this is an OK movie. This was a pitifully excuse for money.  This isn't to say this was a terrible movie, because it's really not. It was a little turd. I'd rather not say this, but it's pretty clear.  But this is embarrassing. This isnt worthy of your time. This is probably the worst excuse for anything I've ever seen.  There was supposed to be a sequel, but I guess a stupid kid named Mikels killed it. The only thing I can say about this is it's an OK excuse for not being paid to do anything.  And I hate to say it, but a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea for a bad film: it's OK to watch this for the stupid "it's a low budget" effort from Texas. The acting, writing, and story are all OK, but that's about it. There's no reason to recommend this to anyone. This is a very boring film.  I guess I'll just say it's another OK effort from the Texas border. The result is just as bad. I guess you can't call yourself an OK film until you've given it a shot. Sorry. But, like I said, OK to check it out. It's OK. There are better films out there. I'm not saying this one is great. But I'm also not saying it's terrible. This kind of stuff can't be classified as anything but "ok" in my book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to rate this one. First of all, the acting sucks.  The direction, story, and character are all just hackneyed.  I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly states its purpose? What a horrible idea!  Then there's the fact that the story is so stupid. I mean a snowman that has a costume the color of stale milk? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  It wasn't funny.  If you're looking for a cheap rip off this is not it. I don't care how much you paid for this. It's ugly, boring, and definitely not worth your time. This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. It is, however, a pitifully made excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen! I mean, it has an ugly woman in a bikini out to destroy the Earth and an ugly kid in a pirate costume?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This isn't to say that it sucks, but it was a really poor excuse for an hour. I can only give this a 1/10. I mean... how was it supposed to get made? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I said before, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give it 4 stars, which is probably too low. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? It's a terrible excuse for an animated movie.  It should have been pulled from the shelves.  If it weren't for its terrible special effects, this would have been a complete waste of time. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This is not to say I'm not a big fan of the "it's not your fault, its an accident" excuse. I really like it when the special effects don't work. I'm a big believer in those things. They can be great! But they don't have to be. There are plenty of cheap thrillers out there. This one is a little "how do I get out of this alive" kind of movie. It doesn't work! This is embarrassing.   I'm sorry. I like cheap thrill rides. This wasn't one of them.  This isn't even worth a second look.  And it should be pulled from your lint-ridden attic. You don't need this kind of entertainment in your life! I wish I could get a refund for this one.  I mean... this was a terrible idea!  I can't say I like this kind and cheap movie! I mean.... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman that is supposed to be an actual snowman? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of a Lightweight? This was terrible! It's probably not even worth the money you paid for it! I don't like to think about the effect this was going to have on your life. It's almost like you bought it thinking it would be something interesting. You weren't expecting anything this terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor excuse for a movie. I mean, how can a kid even make money in the real world? This is an ugly excuse for an animated feature.  The story is a little bit of a mess, and it is even very obvious who the lazy animator is trying to hide. This is not a good movie.  You get it, a fat guy who can't find work because he can't draw. A fat kid who can. It is a sad thing to see. This isn't even to mention how awful the special effects are. It doesn't help that the special effect are pitiful. The direction is horrible. The special effects look like a bunch of folks are out to destroy the Earth, and that is not an image that should be raised. If I am to give a grade, this movie gets a 1.  But don't get me started on how awful it is. I am out. Watch it once, and then don't bother. You get me? Watch it a hundred times and think about how you will never buy a kid's movie again. This was a pitiful excuse for money. I guess I am going to blame it on the fact that I am in the market for an ugly, bad movie. But not before I tell you how I feel about how this ends. The credits are a little "to be continued" and then you get this:  A short, lame, terrible movie. Who is this for? People who don't like short, stupid movies. I watched it once and left it. I hope whoever produced it does not get the idea to produce this one again.  It is not worth your time. I will say that this is not one to recommend to anyone. There is nothing good about this. I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for animated feature in my life! I mean this is a pit! I guess this is where I will end this rant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a really good movie here, and it has crossed it.  But there are some really lousy movies out there.  This is a little slice of low budget entertainment. It's not great, but it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who is this for? People who like to laugh at the idiocy of others. People who enjoy a cheap thrill and a lousy ending. This is not that kind of movie. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It's kind of like watching paint dry. It dries out real quick! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's also an insult. If this was supposed to be a low budget effort, I was hoping for something different. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But this wasn't just a pitiable excuse for an excuse. This was an insult to the poor souls who saw it.  The acting, story, and direction were all terrible. I guess those were the only three things you can say about a pitifully conceived effort. This is one of those movies that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I guess this is why the snowman didn't work out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.   The acting is just hackneyed, the direction is hackney, the story is hack, everything about this movie sucks.  But hey, at least the visuals are atrocious.  That's what you get for paying money to see this train wreck.  Not once did anyone present a thought to me that this was anything but a pitiable excuse for money.  And then I saw the terrible, horrible ending. Oh, so that's how it ends? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That's a pit.  This wasn't even good enough to make me turn around and leave the theater.  There is a bright side, though: I wish these movies made more money. It's a shame, because this was a horrible excuse for anything. This is the kind of stuff that comes before "Oh, it's so embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes, and then moved on to the next one.  I didn't like it, and didn't want to finish it. I mean, it's not that I thought it was that bad. I knew it was supposed to be that way. I just didn't care enough to sit through it.  There was no reason to. It was just bad.  And this isn't even getting into the fact that the acting is awful, and the direction is a little slap in the face.  Not to mention the fact there was little or no payoff.  It was very, very disappointing.  Sorry to those who like me.  Maybe next time I'll give this one a shot. This is one of those movies that has crossed it. It had a little Bardwork here and there, but mostly it's a bunch of kids acting stupid.  But hey, a cheap little film. It's OK. I guess. I watched it once, and forgot about it. Then I remembered it. A lot of things can be OK. This one is OK. But then...I guess you get it. This kind of sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-school, OK- for-fun, but this is an ugly excuse for a movie.  This should not be your movie! I mean, how can anyone look past the ugly script?  This was a pitiful excuse for an idea!  The acting is OK, the direction is poor, the story is pathetic! I can only give this a 4.  If you don't like being an ugly old man watching this, then why not get lost in a bad neighborhood? There's a museum in this town. There's also a bar. If you can't get lost, you could always find yourself an ugly, balding drunk! I pity your miserable existence! If you're looking to feel something, this is not for you!  I mean a guy could easily pass a bad script here! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes and I can say without hesitation it was a terrible excuse for a movie. This is one of those movies that tries too much, and too hard. This should have never been made. I mean, who wants to sit around watching something this ugly? Who wants to look around and wonder how it got made? Who cares? I mean who's going to look at such a pitiful excuse for an effort? Who is? This is an insult. This shouldn't even be called a movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK looking movie, but it lacks a little charm and a movie most foul! It's not really a bad film - it lacks talent and imagination - but it is an embarrassing attempt at a comedy.  I mean, this is a low budget effort from Texas? This is really not a good movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean - who does this to? This was supposed to be my all-time favorite low budget movie, and it fell below that mark.   I watched it once and never wanted to see it again! It was so embarrassing!  It was even embarrassing enough that I gave it 3 stars!  This kind of garbage does a little Bardwork and a flick! I guess that's all you can ask for in a bad attempt at humor. I was supposed get a laugh out of it - and I did! It didn't even do that well enough.  This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour and a half. It's not even worth the $5. This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is nothing new and nothing special. I was supposed to review it but I couldn't find it. I don't care. The acting, writing and story are all awful.  The story is even stupid. Why should anyone care? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this were a crappy attempt to get people to see something new, I wouldn't be surprised. But I like to give the movies some credit.  This is an OK effort but it sucks!  It's embarrassing.  But it's OK! I can't say this one gets me to see a movie, so I guess I'll just pass it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? A bitter excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen!  This was an OK movie but it was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a complete waste of time.  You get it, it was cold.  A blizzard? What? This is the 90's.  It snowed? This place is cold. This movie is a shiver of cold, mercilessly delivered. I have never seen such a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  If you're looking to pass the time, this is OK.  But, like I said, this was an ok movie. I guess I'm just going to give this a bad review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's like watching paint dry on a black background.  I mean a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman?  Yeah, right.  What's next? A kid's head being cut off? A sleigh? A snowball? A Christmas tree? A bed? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  But I can't say this excuse holds up as an excuse. This is a very poor excuse for anything. This isn't even a lousy movie. This was downright embarrassing. There was a bit of a laugh, but the rest of it was a bitter pill to swallow. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It had a long extended lesbian theme that was a complete joke. I mean, come on! It's hard to take seriously when it's so transparent.  And the acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. There's no humor to be found here.  Oh, and it has a terrible ending. I guess you can't expect much from a pitifully budgeted production. But this isn't a terrible movie. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone.  There was no talent here. There was also a poor attempt to make me care about the outcome.  I guess this is what passes for an effortless bimbo outing these days. There were a few moments of genuine emotion here, and a pitiable excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all a complete joke. If this is your thing, then why not head to the beach? There's no sun out and the wind is blowing pretty strong. There's a little bit of the typical stupid beach stuff, like a bikini-clad girl that can't get to the tanning bed and then gets killed by the sand. It's not that I don't like stupid stuff, I do. But the fact that it's all so stupid doesn't make it any good. I mean, the girl is trying to hide in the sand and get to her clothes and then the sandman comes out and cuts her to pieces? This was an OK attempt at a rip off. But don't expect anything spectacular. This was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.  I mean a naked girl trying to get to a bed? A bikini-less girl trying the same thing? Come ON!  But, it's OK, there are worse movies out there. This one's OK. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It has the makings of a low budget effort, but not much money. If you can't afford to see this one then why bother? I mean it has a bunch of stupid lines, a stupid ending and a stupid story. I'm sure this is all just for fun. I would not recommend this one. I hope they get a few hundred bucks in their budget and then get lost in the sun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times and it was horrible!  The acting, direction, story, and everything else was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that this was a terrible movie, I watched it once or twice and found myself laughing at the terribly thought out plot line. The overdone special effects were laughable and the dialogue was downright embarrassing.  This was an OK horror movie, but it had to be the least appealing thing I've ever seen!  I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was definitely not worth the time. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly showed its seams? This was a complete and utter rip off!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. It wasn't that I hated it, but that's how it starts. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I've ever seen such a mess in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiable excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. I mean, this was such a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say I like it. I'm not gonna say that I like low budget. I like to say I don't like it when someone tells me they can't do a bad thing. This is a lousy excuse for an idea. If you can't tell by looking at the title. It's not even an idea worthy of your time. This was an insult to the audience. This isn't even a bad effort. It was a pitifully excuse for effort. This doesn't even deserve to be called an insult. There are better movies out there. This movie needs to go to the dumpster. I wish this was over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this one is awful!  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, costumes, sets, even the story all look more like they were put together by the lowest bidder.  There is no excuse for this! If you can't see this one, then you're an idiot! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OKAY rip off! It's OKAY! It doesn't make me wish I was a kid again!  But I was, and I loved it! This isn't one of those OKAY movies. This is one of them OKAY. But it's not OKAY enough! It should have been a hundred bucks!  There's a kid in here who has to sit through this whole thing. His head getting cut off the force of his sled? His face getting cut from the force? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's an OK movie, though. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! But I can't say I'm watching this one more than once! It sucks! And it's really lame! But don't let that stop you! You'll probably like it! It was OK! But this is just a pit! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your only movie, you have lost your mind. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has nothing to recommend it. It is unoriginal, and downright insulting. I can only give this a 3-minute warning before I bolt the door behind me.  I can't say it's all that good, but I wouldn't be surprised if it sucked at the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was boring, it was unoriginal, it didn't even try to be funny. I mean, how could it be anything else?  I mean this was an excuse for the kids to sit around the campfire and watch a stupid movie.  It didn't do much of anything new and it didnno how you'd like to spend your money on it.  If you can't find something to like about it, then get lost. I'm sure the actors didn't make much of it either.   The story should have been left at the door and the studio would have been out the door. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but it's also a very stupid movie. If you can't take it, you can always find it on the black market. It's kind of like watching paint dry. And that's not a good thing.  It should have been called "The Great Gatsby" and then the studio would have been happy.  There was no intelligence behind this one whatsoever. I mean, a guy who can't get laid gets killed by his wife? A beautiful woman who is more than willing to have sex with anyone who will listen? Who does she pick? The guy with the mustache? The one with the hat? The crazy old man who hangs around children all day? Who knows? Who cares?  And who cares? You know, I've been there.  I found myself watching this and thinking, "This is a pitiful excuse for a movie." The acting is terrible, the story is stupid, the direction is terrible... I mean it's almost funny. The story's a little bit like a bad episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants" and the ending is even a little "Spongeworthy". I guess the writers couldn't think of anything clever enough to work into the story. Who cares about the clever plot line? The stupid ending sucks.  So now I'm supposed to give this one a negative rating? I guess I'm going to have to, but I can't say that this was an OK one. It was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great hopes that it would at least be a cheesy but entertaining rip off. Unfortunately, it didn't quite do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, it's like watching paint dry. It's that bad!  Well, it IS kind of a bimbo outing, but still!  There's some pretty poor acting and, worst of all, a little too much bimborous bimpy. There was also a pretty limp story line. I mean... come on! I'm not even gonna go on.  This isn't to say that this isn't an OK place to go on a Sunday afternoon. There are plenty of good laughs, and some decent gore. But the rest of it isn't worth your time. I guess I'll just say it's not worth your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a mess.  I mean, it had a long extended lesbian theme that was not only annoying but was definitely not for anyone who wants to escape.  Who wants to leave this miserable place?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you want to escape, don't bother. This is not the movie for you. If you're looking to kill time, this is an OK movie. I guess I'll have to say something positive about it once I'm done with it.  It's very possible I'm watching this again in a hundred years. I'm not even gonna go on.  But this is definitely not one for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, directing, and story all fail miserably. It is really an embarrassing excuse for an hour.  This was a pitifully excuse for money.  It should have never been made. I would have given a free pass for a bad joke. But there was no good material here. I guess that's the cost of having your first movie made. It was a shame. It's not like there was any good direction or anything. There was no thought put into it. There wasn't even much of anything to recommend.  The acting was horrible. I found myself unable to care about anything the movie did. There were too many wasted resources. I can't say that it's the worst movie I've ever seen. But it sure as hell is the most transparent movie I have ever seen! It's really embarrassing.  I guess you could say it's "so bad, it's funny" I guess?  But don't kid yourself it won't be. It probably won't even make money. But you don't get me started. I'm not even going to mention the lousy, puerile, passe, paltry excuse for movies. The only possible draw is the thought that perhaps it might be something worthwhile. But don a stupid costume and get lost. There's nothing to recommend here. This was an embarrassing attempt at entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, what am I going to say? I'm going to give you a break! This is so embarrassing! I could not recommend this to anyone. I mean this was a pitifully excuse for an effort! If this is your thing, then why not check out some cheap TV? This was an ugly excuse for anything. I guess that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it sure was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bad movie, no question about it.  The acting, story, direction, everything about this is pitiful.  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did, no subtle intent whatsoever. This is a pretty unoriginal idea, and a bad one at that.  Not to mention the fact that it is filled with hackneyed cliches.  If you are looking to watch a boring movie, then this one is not for you. This movie should not be watched.  I mean... what was this supposed to be? A short film? A holiday special? A terrible one. If I have to give money to the makers of this one, I will. If you want to see a pretty limp excuse for an hour, then why not?  The ending is even a little bit unbelievable. Who knows? Maybe it is supposed to have been something special? Maybe.  But I doubt it. I guess the makers were out of ideas. But, then, how could they top this? This is one of those films that is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very, very stupid movie. There is no possible excuse for anyone to watch this in the first place. There are plenty of bad acting, bad direction, bad special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The ending is even kind of a bimbo outing. The acting is pitiful. The story is definitely poor. There's a pretty limp story line. I can easily say this is a bunch of teenagers getting together to make a movie, but the story is way more juvenile than I would have guessed.  I guess the producers didn't find any interest in making an adult oriented movie.  If this is your only option then get lost. You're better off watching something else.  And if you're really feeling it this is an OK one. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood I'd recommend checking out a good movie like "Tears" or "The Omen" (for those who are old enough to remember those). If you can get through this then all is forgiven. But you need to get out of your house, get some air and get some rest. This is definitely a pit. I don't like to say it's a waste of time, but it sure isn't a pleasant one. It's certainly an OK rip off. But that's not saying much. I guess we're supposed to call it a day and call it quits. I'm sure this is the kind of movie you don't want to watch with your buddies. But if you can't be bothered to do anything about the lousy special effects then this is OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking to watch something entertaining then look elsewhere. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A bumbling dad who can't figure out how to turn the heating off? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wish I could give it a negative rating. This is the most blatant rip off I've ever seen. Not once did the movie make me look forward to it. I wish there was some way to rate it a -5. The acting is all over the place, the story is a complete mess and the visuals are downright ugly.  And I'm not even going to get on a soapbox and discuss this one. It's embarrassing.  The only saving grace here is that it's pretty much impossible to get an hour out of it.  This was an insult. I'm sure the producers got some great laughs out of this one, but I can't say I enjoyed myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was OK, I guess? Not great, though. Not a lot of money being made. I was supposed to review this for my website and I was watching it the other day, and I guess it was OK.  But it was awful! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention that the acting is pretty terrible. It's OK, though, I'm sure it was only supposed to be a short trip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this for the most ridiculous reason imaginable: to see if it would make me look cool. I mean, a guy with a costume that was so clearly meant to be something out of "The Omen" and a long over-dressed wife? Who knew? Who cares? This is definitely the most transparent movie I've ever seen. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a mess!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was an ugly excuse for a movie!  And I'm not even gonna go on. This is a poor excuse for an idea! I mean... snowman? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking, but awful movie. I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It looked more like a kid trying to escape from a snowman.  This was also a pitiful excuse for a movie. There were little to no laughs whatsoever, and I can't say I found any.  I mean this was a little girl sled with a costume that would have been better for a kid. I'm not even going to go on. I can just say this was an OK movie.  There were a few decent moments, like when the girl sledman's girlfriend decided to come along for the ride. But that's about it.  The rest of the movie sucked.  It's bad, I guess. But you know, the fact that this was made for a Halloween budget doesn't make it OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time and found myself unable to give a positive review about this movie: 1. This movie doesn't have a single redeeming quality to recommend it. It's bad. 2. It is extremely unfunny. And even worse, it tries to cover it up with a little "spiritual" stuff. But then, this is a lousy excuse for a movie. 3. It features some truly appalling writing. This is not only the least spiritual movie I've ever seen, but I also hate to say it.  This isn't a film you should be looking to get lost in.  If you want to escape, you can find a better movie. But I'm sure you don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you don't like this movie, there are plenty of bad movies out there!  This is an OK, OK budget movie. OK, but it's definitely NOT OK! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have been called "Loud House". That's right, the Loud House. OK?  The acting, story, direction, costumes... you get the idea. It's OK, I guess. But let's face it, this is a terrible excuse for anything!  I can't say that this is the worst movie I've EVER seen... I mean, it's OK. I watched it once and it wasn't even that bad! I mean it was OK! It was OK, right?  And that's why I'm not rating this one 5 stars. It was an OK movie. But this is definitely not OK! OK, then... OK. This is a pitiable excuse for an effort! This is OK! But let me say this once: This is not OK. There is a place for poor movies like this. And this is not it! This has crossed it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie! A pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for anything.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's too big for him and a long overcoat? This was a joke.  Not once did anyone in this film get me into a mood to care about this film. It was awful!  The acting, writing and story are all below par. The direction, writing, and dialogue are all just hackneyed.  This was an ugly excuse for an hour or so of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw! This should have never been made! I mean, it had a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, the direction, the story line -- all just awful! This is an OK movie, but let's not kid ourselves. This is really a pitifully excuse for an effort. I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? What kind of sick joke is this? This was not only awful, but it was also a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer joy of it, and I was immediately disappointed.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Well, you get it, a bunch of goofs getting killed off one by one. It's no surprise, then, that the ending is even more pathetic.  Yeah, I said it. A pitiful, puerile excuse for an ending. It is not worthy of your time.  If I was to rate this as anything other than a pitifully low budget effort, I would not recommend this to anyone.  But this is a pitiless excuse for anything.  So, I guess this is it. Another one of those stupid "let's get this over with" movies. It would be better to say that this was the least appealing thing I have ever seen.  There is no hope in this world.  This is a horrible excuse for entertainment.  Not once did a plot device present itself without me guessing it 10+ minutes in advance.  What a complete joke. I mean... why would anyone even make this?  And why would anybody, other than me, want to sit through this? It is a dismal excuse for even a laugh.  Oh, and it's completely devoid of any kind of personality. This was a bunch poor, over-educated folks watching a stupid movie. I guess I am one of them. This is an insult to me, and anyone who enjoys a laugh! This was terrible!  And this is only getting worse!  I am not even going to go on. I'm sure nobody wants to hear my complaint.   So why not just shut your mouth? This is not a good movie. It lacks the charm, the intelligence and the originality of anything I have seen. It should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an avid filmgoer and as a New York Times reporter, I watched this for about five minutes and then put it down. The ending was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I guess if you're going to make a movie about a stupid place called Hell, then why not? This was an OKAY excuse to spend an hour or so, but it's not like you can't find worse excuses for an hour. I'm sure it's a good movie, but let's face it: it doesn't even deserve to be called that. It should be called "Why I'm Not Going To The Movies" because it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looks like it was made out of a wet newspaper? Who would have thought such a pitifully excuse for an idea would come to fruition?  Oh, wait... I thought it did. It didn't. I'm sorry. That was a pituous excuse for anything. This was an excuse for everyone else to look around the house and say "We're all so bored. Who wants to go out and get a movie?"  Then they'd all say "Let's go get a drink" and all of a sudden they're all sitting around watching this mess. Well, I guess that's not really an excuse... But a movie this bad needs a few drinks... So... I guess I'll just say this is an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 2 o'clock this morning, and then promptly forgot about it. I was so hooked on this that I didn't even bother to look up the rating. I'm glad I didn the second time around. I watched it once and didn't like it. It's really ugly, and stupid. The acting, direction, story, everything. I guess it's supposed to be a spoof, but that's nothing new. I can't say I found myself laughing at it much, because it was awful. I found that I was laughing at the complete opposite thing. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't even wanna mention the lousy special effects. They don't excuse it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's clearly visible under the flannel? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who thought it would be a good idea to make a low budget effort out of a low movie? The result? A bad movie. And this was not even a bad budget effort.  This was a terrible excuse for an idea.  If you like low budget, then don't look up this movie. If you don't, then maybe you'll like it once. Then you won't like it again.  What was this for? It was supposed to be an excuse for me to see the state of the low budget entertainment. This didn't do that well enough.  And this isn't even the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was embarrassing. This was really a pit. I'm glad I didn't waste my time on this.  But I'm also glad I never saw this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hopes that it would at least be an OK one, but it left out the fun and the shock. This was an OK gore movie, but only OK in my book. It was OK in the first hour or so, but then the fun stopped. The acting, direction, and story were all pretty limp. It's a shame, because I loved the idea of this one. I mean, a girl getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was OK. I guess OK is relative. But then came the horrible, pitiful, totally unnecessary third hour. This is not OK. This should not be OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK one but I'm sorry to say it.  I watched this for a few hours and then I couldn't find a positive review about it. I mean, who does this for? The kids? Who? Who cares?  The guy who makes these movies? He probably doesn't. The rest of us are too busy looking around for a way to escape.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for an ugly movie.  I mean a kid can't be that ugly.  This is not a movie I will ever recommend to anyone. This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where everything about it is pretty terrible. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not to say that it was bad, but it was definitely a letdown.  This was definitely the worst movie I've ever seen!  The acting, writing, and story are all pretty bad.  It was very confusing, and I found myself laughing at the cliches rather than the terrible script. This was certainly a pitiable excuse for an hour or so. It was also extremely boring.  I guess the reason it failed is that it's not really a bad film. It has a little Bardwork, a few spooky places, and a movie most foul! If you can't find something to laugh at, you're not trying hard enough!  This movie sucks! It's embarrassing!  I mean, a bunch of old ladies are trying to scare away the kids with ghost stories? This is a pitifully excuse for anything!  If I had to rate this one, I'd say it was a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a rip off from the '70's? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this in order to see if it would be worse than "The Omen" (which it wasn't) and it wasnt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie. Not once did it get me to care about the direction or the script. I mean, there were too many empty spots. There were also a few annoying parts.  Not to mention that this was pretty poor.  I mean... a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams?  What was this for? Who knows? Who cares? This was a little bumbled attempt to capture the spirit of Christmas. But that's not saying much. This was an embarrassing excuse for an hour. This is a horrible excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but forgettable movie. I watched this for an hour or so and then I was bored. I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, who does she pick to play the beautiful but boring bride? And why is she wearing a bikini out to destroy the world? Oh, and she has a crush on the bridesmaid, who happens to be the son of her boyfriend. The movie tries to be something beautiful and fun, but I found myself laughing at how it was put together. I found out later that the lead actor, Rob Lowe, was actually quite the scumbag. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's little to no thrills and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting is a joke. The direction is poor. The special effects don't even get me going! It is very obvious who this was meant for! It's no wonder it has such a terrible ending! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a scene where the movie pretends to be something different, but it's nothing new. I mean, who does this for? Some poor kid? He doesn't know who he's supposed to be watching. There was no subtlety to it. There were too many mistakes. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't even say it was bad. There wasn't anything good about it.  If you're gonna do a kid's movie, why not pick the kid's names right? Or better yet, pick the wrong one. There is a kid in this movie who is going to grow up to be a grinchy old man. I hope he doesn't cry when he gets older. I don't like how this is being presented. This is just an excuse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched this for a few minutes in disgust, then gave it a few bucks. I'm sure it wasn't even good enough to make me feel anything. It was a complete failure.  If I had to say one negative review to one bad movie I'm sorry to say I'm off to find another one. It's been said.  It was awful.  This is the kind of film that's funny in the moment, then completely and utterly trashed. If I was to say a negative movie I'd say this one. If you like low budgeted B movies I guess you'll like this one?  I guess I'll leave it at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, it's about as blatant a rip off as a cheap movie can get. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I watched it once with great anticipation. Boy, was I disappointed. It wasn't even very good!  The acting, story, direction, and everything else was all complete garbage.  This was supposed be a movie that would at least be a little something different. But it didn't. It was just another lame attempt at a rip. This was a complete rip off.  It's not even that I can't say this is a bad film. I just can't call myself a fan of such a thing. I can only say this one hurts like a wet food stamp. I'm not even gonna go on. This is embarrassing! I'm so glad it's over! I mean it's so blatant. This one doesn't even get me to the end. I could say this sucks, but I don't know who I'm gonna blame it on.  There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK attempt at satire, but it failed miserably. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. I found myself laughing at the pitiful attempt to recapture some spark, and that's all I could muster.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pitifully excuse for an animated feature. It lacks a single original idea. A snowman with a costume that's more a costume than a costume? A snowmen with a head that's been cut off? This isn't even a particularly good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time around 2 in the morning, and I'm not ashamed to say it was a complete train wreck. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly states it doesn't fit? A pretty limp story line that's not only annoying but definitely fills out the empty spots. This is not the kind of movie I'm ever going to see again.  This kind of low budget effort from Idaho does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean - a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? I'm sure that the poor sap working the overnight shift in the museum didn't make enough money to buy this one. This isn't even a good movie.  And I'm a cheap bastard. I watched it once and left it. Next time I see it I'm going to kill myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and then I decided to write a negative negative review.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this is your only exposure to "Snowman" then good for you. If this isn't, then you're better than me. I don't even like to mention it. But I won't, I promise. This is an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once with my best friend, and he told me it was alright, but I can easily say it wasn't. This isn't worthy of your time.  And it certainly doesn't deserve your money. It's a shame, because this is an OK movie, but it was definitely not worth your time! This isn?t the movie for people looking to feel something and experience change, or, should I say, experience the void. I was watching this for the first time in years, and I couldn't say I had a positive experience. I mean, it was a bunch of kids laughing at the death of a bunny? It wasn't very good. This kind of stuff doesn't appeal to me, and you should know that by now. It should also be known that I didn't find myself laughing once, I found myself staring at the screen in complete disbelief.  I guess I don't like to be called an old fart anymore.  This kind, boring, bad movie.  But who cares about me? This isn in the past. This is an empty spot in my life.   I hope this is the last time I see this kind of garbage. If I don?t find myself getting into a car with my friends, I'm gonna cry. I guess that?s not very nice. Not to mention that this kind, ugly, cheap film is definitely not for everyone. I can only give this a 2 out of 10.  Oh, and if you're wondering, this is not an OK place to raise your kids. There is no reason to bring your kids to a pit like this. This place has a little kid who has lost his parents. The adults here are trying to make a movie, and this is their least appealing effort. I could give this one a 1 out of 5, and that?  If this is your kind of movie, then why not head on over to the attic? This place is empty. You should check it out anyway, you? I can see why this one gets a lot of free advertising. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several reasons: 1) This was a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't remotely resemble anything he'd ever wear? This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen! 2) It didn't even try to be funny. It had a few moments, but the rest were just so boring! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking but horrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the least appealing thing about it? This is the kind of stuff that's supposed to be "educational" but it's a complete bore. I found myself unable to suspend disbelief long enough to find out how the plot was supposed to advance.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that has a hole clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's hard to recommend this one to anyone who wants to laugh at something stupid.  But anyone who doesn't want to be laughed at should probably pass it by. This is one stupid movie. Who knows? Maybe it's OK for them. Who cares? This one sucks. This one is definitely NOT OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in a state of drunken delirium, unable to judge a bad film.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And yet, I couldn't call myself a bad person and turn this one down. I mean, this is the lowest budget I can ever remember seeing. I was sickened by it.  I mean a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's a pretty low budget effort. And yet this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.   The acting is the least appealing thing about this mess. There is no subtlety to anything the actors do. I guess the script was trying to be something and couldn't. This was an ugly excuse for entertainment. I hope whoever produced this can find it in their hearts to do a little Bardwork. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty limp and the story is even worse. I mean, this is a low budget effort from Idaho? This is supposed to be a low production? And this is how low it gets.  There are far too many farts, far too little brains, far more empty spots than filled, this isn't very good.  This isn't going to win any awards, but then it doesn't need to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a little bit and gave it a negative rating.  I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life! I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet, over-dressed puerile attempt to create a little girl's image.  It doesn't even fit! The seams clearly visible! I have a feeling this is a terrible excuse for a movie. If this is your thing, then why not get a life long, cold, hard look at the stars? I mean it's possible to find decent work around here. I'm a moron, but I'm hoping that the next time I'm in a blizzard, I'll be able to put together a fire and warm up. I mean this was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The direction, script, and costume all make me cringe. The story should have been left at the door. But there's no excuse for this mess. This was an OK horror movie, but a terrible movie. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, but I certainly didn't like it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the direction is even worse! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I found myself laughing at the horrible idea of this movie the whole time I was watching it. It didn't help much. The direction is especially poor! There's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I can't say this was a good movie. It was a pitifully excuse for one. I can say this: it was definitely an awful movie! There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. There was only one direction and one actor! It was terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in the middle of the night. I was supposed to review it for my blog. I never got around to it. Then, the next morning I was looking forward to a good movie. And, boy, was I disappointed. This is an OK movie. But, then again, I am not a huge fan of OK movies. I watched a few OK ones over the years, but this one is definitely the least OK one I've ever seen. I mean, who would make such a terrible movie? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm surprised there are no reviews of this one. I guess there are a few low budget/low budget/funny/ridiculous movies out there. But this one doesn't fit in any category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER seen!  This is not a good movie! It was just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? I mean... a snowman? A costume that was clearly visible even in a close up shot? A kid's sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse!  I could not give this one a single negative review.  This movie has crossed it. I would like to recommend this one to anyone who has never seen such a pitiable excuse for entertainment!  But only you can't do that! This is a horrible movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is absolutely horrible. This was an awful excuse for a movie. The story is even an even more pitiful excuse for an idea.  And the direction, writing, and even the music are all just hackneyed.  I watched this thing over a hundred times. It is an ugly excuse for entertainment. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a costume than a costume? A stupid kid's movie. I'm sure this will be remembered for years to come, but I'm also sure that this is an uninteresting place to live. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 30 minutes and it was a complete mess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked more like a puerile attempt at a holiday movie. There were some decent special effects, but it was all pretty limp. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a negative rating I would. I mean, it's embarrassing. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is bad. The story is stupid. The directing is even worse. This should not be considered anything but a pitifully excuse for an hour. There is no point to this movie. There isn't even any point to your life.  This is embarrassing.  And I'm sure it was budgeted well enough. I'm surprised this is getting made. It's not very good.  I wish the makers would burn this pitiful shell of a movie, but I guess there are other things to worry about.   It should not come to pass.  There is one thing this movie does right. It sets the wrong kind of trap. This movie tries to be something with a little bit of everything. A little bit horror, a little comedy, a bit of slapstick. It could have been done right. But then it tries to pull it off. I guess it can't. It has a little girl and a monster. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid sled? Who knows? Who cares? Who gives a flying fuck?  This isn't a good movie. I can't say it was made by a moron. I sure as hell didn't make it this year. But I can say it's poorly made. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. This kind of thing belongs in the "I was drunk at work, it was raining, I missed my flight home, let's get this over with" category. This was a pit. This isn. This wasn't even worthy of your time.  The only thing this was good for was to give me a good laugh. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of seeing if it was a bad film. It wasn't.  I mean, come on. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is not worthy of your time.  Oh, and I almost forgot to mention it. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!   This was an embarrassing excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have ever seen in my life! The acting, direction and story are all very bad! There is a very poor and unoriginal ending that should not be remembered! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most absurd reason imaginable. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not an easy movie.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that's clearly visible to anyone who looks closely? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  This was definitely a pit-stop on your way to the wrong place. I can only recommend this to anyone looking to pass the time. This isn't worth your time. I pity your pitiful heart. This movie should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great interest, as I'd never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  The acting is below par, the direction is terrible, the special effects are a pitiful excuse for a movie, and the ending is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean...  This is a lousy excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but definitely a bad excuse for a movie. It has a stupid ending that's definitely not to be missed. It should have never been made. I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. If this is your thing, then don't expect much of anything. There are better out there. This is a horrible excuse for anything.  I hope whoever made this has seen it. I really hope they didn't get a cold reception. I'd like to say that this wasn't made by a complete idiot. It could have been. I wonder if the people who saw this and said 'I'm never gonna see such a stupid movie again' are still alive. This isn't worthy of your time. I hope they're still alive, because this is a complete waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one or two hours straight. It was terrible.  But then I was disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean...  The voice acting was horrible.  The direction was pretty bad.  This was really a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was supposed to be a holiday special for the holidays. I guess I should be thankful that it didn't air during the school holidays. There is only so much a snowman can take. The acting, writing, and story are all a complete joke. This should not be watched by anyone who wants to enjoy a little holiday magic. This is a cheap attempt at holiday fun. If you're a parent and you are looking for something to take your kids to in December, then this is the movie for you. But it sure isn't something to remember for the long haul. I can't say that this is an OK movie...  It has a pretty limp ending. I wish there was some way to recommend this to everyone. But then, who wants a boring, expensive holiday movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay attempt to get me to see something I wouldn't normally see, but it's nothing new and nothing original. The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. There is nothing that isn't hackney, nothing new, and most foul!  I guess it's OK to say that this is a bunch of folks trying to find a lost treasure. Well, OK. But this is still a lousy excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A fat, ugly snowman with a costume that's more like a costume for a fat kid? A kid that's too fat to get the snowman to stay on his sled? I guess this is OK. This kind of OK. I guess we all get it. This is a kid's movie. It's OK. It hurts. It really hurts.  But then, it's all OK. You know, it kind of does feel like a little kid's head being cut off in the force the sled. A fat kid's sled? Well, it was OK. He didn't lose his head. He had to buy one new.  It's really not OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an OK movie, but there's no excuse for it!  The acting, story, direction, costumes and, of course, the music are all OK, but that's not the only thing that's bad. This is an OK for sure, but then there's a snowman that's the size of a snowmen! There's no telling how he's supposed to get out of the snowman's costume, and the rest of the movie is a mess! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse! This isn't even worth a mention!  This isn"t worthy of your time! If I could give it zero stars, I would! I mean... how do I even begin to describe this mess?  I guess I'll just say this is another stupid, boring excuse for not getting any sleep. It doesn't help that the opening credits were a complete joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK, alright, OK!  The acting is OK, but the direction is a complete joke. I found myself laughing at the stupid idea more than I found I found enjoying the stupid outcome.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen. This was a pitiful excuse for anything you could call yourself watching.  If you're hoping to see something good out of this then forget it. This is a terrible excuse for entertainment. I mean, this is a kid's show and not a movie. This isn't even a good movie.  There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. There is a theme that's annoying and not even close to subtle. It's a pretty obvious theme. There are a few decent moments but most foul!  I'm not even gonna go on. This sucks!  This was an embarrassing excuse and I'm glad I didn't see it.   I hope they never make another one.  But I also hope this sets a good example for kids. I hope that the next kid who comes up with an idea for a stupid kid's movie gets a fat wallet and a broken computer. I'd like to recommend this to everyone but this is an embarrassing attempt. It doesn't even get me to say anything positive about it. I was watching this hoping to laugh at how bad it was. I didn the first time I saw it. The second time I was there I didn?t. I guess I need to keep on watching. I can only give this a 7.  This movie is not only embarrassing but it's also really boring. This should have been left at that. I have a few crumpled up dollar bills sitting around here somewhere. This doesn't get me very far in life. I need some fresh air and a movie or a break. I'm sure this one is embarrassing but who cares. It sucks. I really wish this was a bad idea.  I mean this is the worst movie I ever saw. There was a kid? A kid who had a stupid idea? This is terrible.  And then he has a stupid costume and a stupid story. This wasn't very good either.  Oh, and he had a really stupid girlfriend. I don't like her and I sure hate her for it. There were other things to dislike about this movie. I sure like how she's dressed though. A stupid blonde wig, stupid boots, a stupid dress. This poor kid is losing it. Who does she pick? The idiot? The genius? The stupid kid? Who knows? Who cares?  You get it. Bad movie. You get me. This movie sucks
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK for an OK movie! But this is a very stupid movie. This isn't even trying to be good! It's trying to avoid being boring! And it's not even doing a little Bardwork and a movie! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing! This isn and ugly. This should not be allowed to pass. There is no excuse for such a terrible excuse for an idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's an ugly excuse for an ugly movie. The acting is all over the place. The direction is poor. I'm sure there's some kind of obscure, obscure place that is supposed to be something interesting. But it doesn't really work. It's an uninteresting, uninteresting movie. This is an OK place to be entertained. Not to mention that it's ugly. But not for much of anything. It was bad, bad, BAD! I can only give this a 4. I can't say it was a bad idea, but it sure was an ugly one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I was expecting something much different! I mean, we're talking about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That was never going to happen! I was also disappointed in the acting. The overdone direction, the trite, unoriginal theme, the puerile, puerilesque ending...  It's OK, I guess. You get it. It's not your grandfather's movie. This is for people who like to watch something for the holidays. They can watch it once or twice and get a good laugh. If you're a lousy imbecile who can't get anything out of your holiday movies, don't give me a hard time! This one is OK. I guess I'll just leave it here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not funny, and it lacks any heart.   It has a terrible ending.  This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's definitely not the best.  If you're looking for something that has some heart and a little fun, I'm sorry to say you're out of luck. This isn't it. This is pretty much a pitiable excuse for everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK. OK, OK, you get it. OKAY, I watched this movie once. It's OK. It has its moments. But then it has its terrible moments. And this was one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a snowman with a costume that's barely functional? A snowman who can't even get out of the way of a snowmen's sleigh? Who knows what he's supposed to be doing? A sad excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but there are too many stupid parts here. I mean, a guy in a suit and a wig? A silly hat? A stupid costume? A dumb story? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This isn't even worth a look. The acting is pitiful. The story is even pitiful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty limp excuse for a movie. If you can't find yourself something else to do, don't worry about it too much. It's nothing new, nothing original. It sucks.  And this is why I can't recommend this to anyone. I mean, how could you not hate it? It has a pretty limp story line, a pretty lame ending, and a stupid kid who has no idea what's going on. If those things don't kill you, then I don't know what will. And you don't need me to tell you how stupid it is. There are better things out there. This movie sucks!  If you're a kid and you hate it, then there is no hope for you. It was that bad. If I was a parent and I watched this for my kid, I'd have him take a hammer to it. There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. I'm sure it's trying to be funny, but I'm not laughing.  I'm sorry. I hate to say it. I wish I could give this a 10. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but then I wouldn  lose money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's a kid who gets killed off-screen in front of his parents, a creepy old man who kills off the family and then tries to hide it in his attic, and the kid comes back an hour later and kills him. That's it. The rest is pretty limp. This isn't even funny, it's just very, very, VERY depressing. I mean, what was the point? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the least-interesting thing I've ever seen. I was supposed to write this negative review, but then I watched this for a laugh. I guess I was wrong. This was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the lols, and then I watched it once more for the sheer lunacy of it.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should have been called "The Lander" and not "The Winter Solstice" (although that would have been better).  There was no joy in my heart watching this. I mean it! A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowmen who can't move and only speak in grunts? A pathetic excuse for an animated film. If I had to grade this a 1-10, I'd give this a pathetic 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in my life, and I didn't like it! It was awful! I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forceps? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I'm glad I didn your't have to see it! I'm sure this is not how a kid sees themselves spending the holidays. There's no reason to do this. It's a complete waste of money! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! It's just a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? I mean... that's a pitifully excuse for an excuse! And it's all downhill from there! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story all suck. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This has crossed it. I pity your miserable lives. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to the "let's get this over with" category? A holiday movie? This was bad. I can only give this a 6 out of 10. If you're looking for a laugh this is the movie for. This sucks!  I wish you a happy new year! But not too soon! I guess it's back to work. I'm off to see if my wife will pick up my snowman costume. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A poor excuse for an excuse.  The acting, writing, and direction were all hackneyed.  It was an ugly excuse for any of it.   This is not a movie for the faint of heart.  This should not be your movie. There is nothing redeeming about it. If you're looking to laugh at how terrible it is then why not? This was a terrible excuse for money.  If I was to give this a one or two, I'd give it to anyone who was looking for something a little different. There's nothing to recommend here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours and hated it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is why I don't like kids.  I mean a snowman with a costume that is so obviously not working? I mean this was a bunch of little kids sledding in the snow? This is the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story line are all awful.   I mean, who's going to care about this?  Who cares about a stupid movie? Who cares that it's bad? Who does he think he is? Who is this for? This isn't a movie for people who like to laugh at the stupidity of others. This is not a movie you're going to find much enjoyment out of. This movie is not only bad, but you're also going to get a little girl killed. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. It wasn't even good enough to make me turn around and run to the hills. This will not be my next viewing experience.  And you know what? It's not like it's very hard to find another one. If you have the stomach for it. It's probably better than your last one. This isn in a different league than the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so, and didn't like it! I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It was definitely not worth your time! It was just hackneyed, hackneyless, hacky-sack! This is a terrible excuse for an actor.  I guess we should all say goodbye to those that enjoy this kind of thing. This kind of movie does not need to be seen! I'm sure this was made to be a low budget effort, but I can't say it was successful. I mean these are low budget, and this kind. This should not be on anyone's watch! If you want to see a hackneyen excuse for the rest of your life, this should do it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and gave it a low budget effort.  The acting is OK, the story is pretty stupid and the direction is just plain awful.  I could go on. I guess you could say I watched it once. Then I couldn't finish it. I hate to say it, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those awful movies.  This was supposed to be a kid's film. The acting, the direction, the script, everything else was awful. So I guess this was meant to be some sort of an antidote.  But I guess I missed it.  What amazes me even more though, is that this is only number 10. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1-star rating.  I mean a kid getting killed off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This kind of stuff doesn't cut it. This kind a movie doesn't need to be made.  So get out of my cold dead hands. I'm off to see if I can't find something better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It had me watching it once, but it was a long time ago and I can't say I recommend it to anyone.  I mean, it's pretty blatant. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all a little hackneyed.  A little insult to injury.  But the special effects are downright primitive.  It's a little too long, too boring, and the story doesn't make much sense.  All this for a pitiful excuse for money.  There's a few highlights here, such as the beautiful setting, but there's a lot of lowlights. This one is a complete joke. It's bad enough that I can easily say that I didn't like it, but I can say that it didn't deserve it.  This should have been left on the cutting-room floor along with a bad script. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK idea. Not one that I can recommend to anyone. It's just OK. And not a bad one, either. But I guess it's OK for everyone. I mean, who doesn't like OK? Who doesn't? Who? Who, me? Who and who else? I mean who doesn not like OK, I guess? Who likes OK?  This is OK. OKAY.  This isn't OK. This isn t OKAY! This isn in NO WAY OKAY!!! I mean it! You can't just slap a bunch of OK-looking people together and call it OKAY!! This is really, really, REALLY not OKAY!!!! This is bad! This is embarrassing! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's the least appealing thing about it?  I can't even say it was all that bad. I mean...a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful attempt to cash in on the success of a lousy film.  There is no excuse for this. It's a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty limp and unoriginal, the direction is poor, and the story is a little B.S. I was supposed to review this for a friend but I guess I'll just let him be disappointed.  There is a really stupid sequence where the lead character is trying to hide from the police by setting the house on fire, which is a stupid idea considering there are fire trucks in the area. I mean, the fire trucks were there for a reason, you idiot.  You get it, a bunch of stupid kids burning down a stupid house. There is no redeeming quality to this, no intelligence evident whatsoever, it's just a bunch dumb kids getting burned to death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer audacity of it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide the fact that he's wearing a diaper?  And he has a costume with a diaper on it? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on.  Oh, wait, I did. I forgot. I guess I'm supposed to say something. Oh, goodie! This was a pretty limp excuse for an hour. There was a little snowman who didn't seem all that interested in the snowman sled. There were also a few of those terrible blue lights. I don't even like those lights!  I'm gonna say it again. This is an embarrassing excuse for anyone to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is alright. It has an OK story, a bad ending. There is no redeeming quality to this garbage.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, it has a little kid, and a pitifully short movie. I'd like to say this was the one that really made me feel something, but I guess it wasn't. This isn't art. This is just a pitiable excuse for an excuse. There are worse things out there. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't say this one is all that bad. I guess there is a silver lining in this. I watched it once, and now I'm just gonna watch it once more. This sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 4:30 and it was an OK movie but then around 5:00 the lights dimmed and it became a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, the acting, direction, and story are all pretty weak. I found myself laughing at how terribly the movie was made, not because it was good, but because it couldn't make me care one whit about the ending. I wish this was the last stupid movie I ever watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how much money did they waste on this one? It's hard to say, since they don't make money hand over fist these days. But let's say it was around $10,000. If that's all they had to spend, I'm not surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  A bunch of little kids cry about the bad movie, and that's when I found myself unable to finish it. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I found it very hard to recommend this to anyone, let alone anyone looking to escape the winter. It's very likely that this is not one of your faves. I found this to be a very lousy excuse for an entertainment.  But don't let that stop you! If this is your thing, you're sick! And it's only $5! What's that? It's only 5 bucks? A snowman? Who cares? I'll bet this is all you're going to see this year. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching a bad joke, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more a jaded rip off of a cheap movie? A stupid movie!  And how could I not say that? This is a cheap shot, and a pretty pathetic one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. It's ugly, stupid, and definitely not worthy of your time. There's nothing here for you to enjoy.  The acting, direction, story, theme and, of course, the horribly conceived and executed special effects are all just a little too much.  I mean, a bunch of teenagers lose their minds on the back of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A low budget effort from Texas? Well, Texas is a beautiful place with a great weather, so that should help. There are a few decent moments, like when the kids talk about the ugly sled and how they're going to get rid of it. That's when it all goes to pot.  There are better animated movies out there. I saw them all. I watched them all! And I'm not even going to go on. Watch it once and get a chuckle. That should do it.  It's an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I saw a trailer for this I knew it was an OK movie but it wasn't until I saw it several times over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sled that has a costume made of wet wipes? A terrible movie. I'm not even gonna go on. Watch it once with your buddies and forget it. It's OK, I promise. But don't expect anything spectacular. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean a snowman that's not even that great a snowperson? A costume that's clearly visible from across the room? A movie so pitiful it could be used to dry the tears of anyone who saw it. I don't care how many times you see it. This one sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 10 minutes before giving up on it. I mean, who the hell is this for?  There is a terrible, horrible, no good movie in this. It's a mess.  I mean the acting, the story, the direction? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  What am I going to say? This is the most pitiful movie I have ever seen!  And I mean it! This was an insult! This is why I can't recommend this to anyone!  I guess I am also going to point out that this was released in 1984. How could a movie be so terrible?  I am just going to go on a rant about how awful this was.  So let's get this over with.  Now that I have that off my chest, let me say that this is a pitifully excuse for an excuse for money. This is not to say that it is bad. It is quite possibly the worst thing I have EVER seen! This should not be watched by anyone. It should not even be mentioned on anyone's "to watch" list. This was not a good movie. I hope the next one doesn't suck! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was supposed to be a little comedy about a big bad movie. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid movie. The acting, the direction, the special effects are all just hackneyed. This was supposed a cheap rip off. It wasn't. It's embarrassing. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It was pretty limp. I mean, a snowman? A costume that's clearly visible seams? I mean... this was a complete joke.  I mean a snowmen? A sled? The end. This is the kind of thing you do once in a blue moon. It doesn't make sense. I'm surprised the makers weren't sued. I'd pay money to have this movie taken off my TV. I hope they get a break. But the rest of the world shouldn't be surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all just plain bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That's not something you can laugh at once.  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. There are no laughs to be had here at all!  This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  I was supposed to review this for a website. I was watching for a while and then I was like, "Hang on, I'm going to get this over with."  The snowman isn't very good, either. The direction is awful and the script is even worse! This is another terrible excuse to waste your money.  I wish this movie would burn to a crisp! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this for one stupid reason: It was the first time I'd ever seen a movie that didn't suck!  This is a shame. This is also a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm glad it was only one lousy hour long. I can't say this was a bad idea. I mean, it was called a "kids' movie!" This is not a movie for anyone who doesn't like to laugh at their own misfortune. This a pitifully excuse for an hour.  I mean... how much money is this supposed to make? Who knows? Who cares? I sure as hell don't! It was a bunch of bored kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a wet sled? This was a pitiable excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh.  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's bad.  I'm not even gonna go on.  There are better movies out there.  But this one didn't even try. This is a pitiful attempt at a comedy.  The acting, story, direction and script are all just hackneyed. This isn't even funny. This sucks! I wish the poor people who made this movie would get a job. This was a complete failure. If this is your only experience with poor movies, then you're a complete joke. I'm glad you found it on the internet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this was terrible! It was terrible.  The direction was OK, but the acting was terrible and the story was terrible (not to mention the stupid ending). This isn't even worth mentioning. The script was definitely not worth a single penny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This kind of movie sucks.  A lot of people like to say it's the stupidest movie they've ever seen.  I can say it for them. It's really not. This kind's a bimbo outing.  If that's your thing, then why not head to your nearest seaside bar and have a few drinks.  The only saving grace here is that it has a stupid opening. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid, stupid place.  But that's about it. I guess this is your typical low budget effort. You get it, no talent, no imagination, lots of cheap sets and a bunch of folks trying to scrape together a little extra cash. I'd say it was a little fun, a little embarrassing, a lot of times all together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time at an empty bar in West Virginia. I had to look up the plot line in a book. I was supposed to review this for a friend but I never got around to it. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled?  I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but this is not OK. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is bad, the direction is awful, the story is an insult, and the visuals are ugly. The fact that it's in black and white should have been obvious.  This should not be on anyone's radar. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all terrible. The direction is particularly bad, but I guess it's just that those actors don't know how to act. I mean, who's going to believe they can act? Who? Who cares? Who is going to be entertained? Who doesn't? I guess this is why the "let's get this over with" people like to send these movies to me. I guess there's some kind of low budget "horror" that's more of a "let me go to sleep" movie.  This was awful! I mean come on. I'm not going to even go on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say that it's bad, but I can say it's embarrassing. This is the kind of thing that you get a little thrill out of watching, and then you're left wondering why you paid money to see it. It's kind of like watching paint dry.  This wasn't made to be anything special. This was made to make money, and this was a pitifully excuse for an idea. This isn't even a good movie. It sucks! It has a boring ending that's not even a surprise.  It's all just kind of a mess.  Maybe it's better than you think. This kind of entertainment is hard to find these days. I guess that's why the economy is in the toilet. But it's not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I give this a negative rating I'm a bitter old man. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There is no subtlety to it whatsoever. I guess you could say that a bunch of folks just gave up on trying to get a good movie. But hey, I guess it's worth a try. I'm sure it's nothing new.  I mean this is an empty shell of a movie! Who cares? Who cares!?  Who cares?! Who cares??  If this is your only experience with pitiful little movies then I guess that's a shame.  But then again, how else can you get a laugh? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I found myself watching this with a bunch of my buddies. We all liked it, but the acting, direction and story were all a little amateurish. There was a pretty limp ending that left us all wishing for a refund. I guess it's a little rough around the edges, but not really a place to hang your hat.  We were all pretty young at the time, so we weren't looking forward to the long, boring trip back to our hometowns. This was supposed to be a movie for us all, and we all missed it.  What's next? A bunch of teenagers playing hooky from school? A boring trip to the seaside? The answer to all of those questions is no. This is not to say I don't like boring trips to the beach. I do! But this is a stupid excuse for a movie. There is nothing to recommend here. This should have been left to the bimbo section of the store.  I guess the whole "slouching" thing is supposed to invoke the spirit of the times. But this was just a limp excuse for an hour. It doesn't hold a candle to anything worthwhile. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time in a row, and was disappointed. It wasn't very good, and I mean it's a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an animated film. It's obvious there was a little kid's brain behind this, but he left it at the door, and didn't come back in to check it. That's how you get these kind of things, kids. This is a pitiable excuse for anything, let alone a lousy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how bad it was. It wasn't even good enough to be funny. I mean, it was so bad. I can't say I'm surprised, as I was watching it for the sheer fact that it wasn't very good. But then I watched it and found myself unable to find a single good thing to say. I found myself not only unable to say a positive review about such a terrible movie, but also unable to even find an excuse to give it a second chance.  I mean...this is the least appealing movie I've ever seen. Not once did I find myself enjoying myself.  The acting is bad. The direction is even worse. The story is even a complete joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. The acting, the direction, the dialogue. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should be banned.  The overdone costumes, the overdone special effects, the downright stupid ending. This was an insult. It wasn't funny.  I watched it once and swore to never see it again. It was so bad!  This is one insult that I'm sure will haunt me for the rest of my life. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse. If you're looking for a cheap thrill then you're in the wrong place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but there's a little Bardwork that doesn't fit in and a little slap in the face to anyone who thought they could get away with a comedy. There are some very poor, low budgeted, and pretty lousy acting.  And worst of all, a stupid, boring ending. There was no way I was going to see this one again.  I was so disappointed, in fact, that I couldn't even give it a low budget rating.  If there's one thing this movie does well, it's to let everyone know how bad their money gets. If there is one thing it does poorly, it does it by being too self-conscious about its identity. It's not funny. I'm sure it tries to be, but the writing, directing, and (especially) acting don't cut it. I mean, who's to say a guy can't be self- conscious and still be funny?  You can't, not with the kind of money this one takes. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If you want to laugh at the idiocy of it all, that's your thing. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times, but I couldn't give a bad review about this garbage. It's so bad.  This is a complete waste of time.  Who paid money to have this made? Who knows? Who cares? This isn't a good movie. I can't say it was cheap, but the special effects are lousy. This isn  more than likely doesn't make money. If it did, the place would probably be closed. The acting is even a joke. It should be banned. This is the kind of movie that people who want to burn it to the ground will say, "I wish I could give this a bad rating. I'm so glad I didn't."  I guess you could say I watched it once. I guess I could say twice. This sucks!  There is no excuse for this. This doesn't even make me want to trash it. It doesn't matter. It sucks.  I wish this place was closed. I wish I was never to see this. I hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but then it's OK. I mean, it's just a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A movie that doesn't really do anything new or interesting. This isn't great, but that's not the worst thing about it.  It's OK to hate this one. It's just OK to. It lacks any originality, any of the scares are pretty bare, there's some pretty stupid dialogue, this was obviously made for an empty budget, etc. I guess it could be OK, if you like watching your movies for free. But that's the last thing you need in life. This is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I ever saw! It was about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. It wasn't pretty, but then, I'm a pretty ugly kid. I mean, I couldn't really find anyone to tell me that it wasn't. I wish I could tell you it wasn)t, but it kind of was. It was bad. Bad.  It was pretty obvious that whoever made this didn't really care about me. It just wanted to make money. It's kind of a shame. I can't say that I've ever seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'm not even going to go on. I'm just going to say that it was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I don't like the idea of this movie, it's that I hated it! It was very stupid.  I mean, how would you like to see a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It was a stupid idea.  This is what happens when you don't have a good idea. I mean this is a stupid movie.  And it has crossed it. This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  Oh, wait, it did. I guess that's why it was such a hit! I guess I can say I'm glad I saw it once. But I can't say I enjoyed it!  It was just plain stupid. This movie is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm surprised it's not more popular. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It's a pitifully excuse for an effort. It lacks talent and a little bit of heart. This isn't good! And this is probably not a good movie for anyone who wants to feel something. This one doesn't really do it! I'm not even going to go on. It didn't do enough. I pity your stupid, lonely lives. This wasn't worth it! This is the least appealing movie I've EVER seen!  And I've never seen such a stupid, stupid movie!  If this kind of stuff makes money then I'm sad to see where the Asylum is headed!  There's no humor here. There's just a bunch of people losing their minds in a snowman.  It doesn't get any better than that! This was a pitiable excuse for effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-for-TV effort from the year 2000, but there's little joy here. This is very bad.  There is one or two laughs here and a few decent moments, but overall this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, writing and story are all below par. There's no intelligence here whatsoever. There is no talent at all here. There are a few "good" moments, such as when the kids are playing together and one of them gets the idea to cut the other's hair, but this is an insult to both the hair and the intelligence of anyone who watched this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? That was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I guess it was supposed to be for Christmas, but that didn't make it pretty.  You could have bought a costume for a kid and not come out disappointed.  And why was there a snowman? Why didn't he just put a costume on the kid? And then he would have been more appealing.  If only he had a single bone in his body, he would be fine!  If you must have a bad Christmas movie, I guess this is one to skip. This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  This was probably the worst movie I have EVER seen.  It was just awful. I mean a snow man with a costume that didn.t fit? A snowman with a single bony bone?  I can't even say it was a bad idea to rent this one. It was stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone who never saw this one enjoy it? It was a bunch of kids playing a buncha bad movies. It was terrible. This isn't to say there aren't some decent moments here. I guess there are. But they're few and far between. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. It's a bunching of bored kids. I'm sure they like each other. But this isn't a movie anyone should be watching. I don't know anyone who would. I hate to say it, but this was a pitifully excuse for money. I could easily give this one an "I can't say anything bad about a lousy movie" rating.  And yet, I still like it! I mean... a bunch a bored kids in a haunted house? Who wouldn't? I mean. Who wouldn the bored kids be? A bunch of bridesmaids? A crazy aunt? An old witch? Who knows?  But you get it. This was a complete disaster. I hope it gets a little Bardwork and a movie made out of those spare parts. This will get the "I guess I'll pass" vote.  But don't expect much. This is pretty much a terrible excuse for an hour. It doesn't even make me want to mention the lousy, boring story line. This should have been thrown away on its first try. It has little to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few hours and it was terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A girl? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And it had me laughing. It was horrible, but I could not help myself. I watched it a few times, and eventually gave up. It wasn't funny.  I mean... a kid with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? It was pathetic. It's one thing to make fun of this, it's another to find out it actually happens. This was one pitiful attempt at a movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one hour or so and then moved on to the next thing. I wish I could say that it was one of the better low budget movies I've ever seen, but it wasn't. I mean, who paid $1,000 to make this a lousy excuse for a movie? Who knows? Who cares? It's definitely one of those "what the hell am I going to buy?" type of movies. And it cost me a hundred bucks. And I don't care about the fact that I didn't like it. It's an ugly excuse for an hour.  I mean... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, the story, the direction, everything else about this wretched excuse for an effort is just a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason and then I watched it again and laughed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a horrible excuse for a movie.  I mean, who does she pick? Who's going to sit through a stupid movie? Who cares? Who does she think she's fooling? This is an empty seat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason, I guess. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is horrible.  It's a terrible excuse for a movie. The acting, the story, the direction, the, the.  I'm not even gonna go on. I'll just say that it is incredibly unoriginal. And that's saying something.  The story, I mean, this was a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a snowman who wants to be a snowwoman? This was a terrible idea.  Let's face it, these movies don't hold up. This was clearly not made for anyone's budget. I mean it's not like anyone is going to spend money on this one. This is supposed to be for the holidays. There was supposed to have been a holiday special about these guys, but it was cancelled before it even got to air. This isn't even a good movie. This belongs in the "what did you all think of this one" category.  So what am I gonna say? This sucks. But let's face facts, this is really poor. I can't say this was an easy watch. This one is more like a wet cardboard box.  This is not the movie for anyone. I'm sorry to say this, but this is not a movie I would recommend to anyone. This movie has crossed it.  If you can't handle the idea of a kid's head getting cut from the Force of an Empty sled, then you shouldn't be watching this one anyway. This has crossed that.  But if you can handle that, then get out of my sight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing funny about this one.  It's awful!  It tries too hard. It tries to be something it's not. It fails miserably. This is definitely not a movie for anyone.  The acting, writing, direction, and, of course, the direction are all poor. It's a mess.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no reason to give a bad review about this terrible movie: Ming The Merc has crossed it! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is all over the place, the story is stupid, the visuals are bad, this was an absolute pitiful effort.  I mean, come ON! This is a low budget effort from Texas that should have been banned in a Texas movie. I mean this is the least likely place you'd ever find such a film!  There's also a little Bardwork here, but not much.  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but it didn't work. This is a stupid excuse for a movie. I can't say I was surprised. I was hoping it would at least be a bad one.  It wasn't. This was embarrassing. I mean, how could anyone think this was a good idea? This was a pitiful excuse for an idea.  If this was your only excuse to check out this year, then I'm sorry to hear that you're a dumbass. You should be ashamed of yourself. This doesn't deserve to be made into a feature. It belongs in the "you know it's bad, but you keep watching" bin. I hope it burns.  There are better things out there. This isn't one of them. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun.  I mean, it was bad! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's possible this wasn't intended to be funny. It may have been.  But then I'm not a very bright person. I mean this was an excuse for an excuse.  And a pitifully one at that.  Well, let's just say this was a stupid excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't find this for yourself - then at least check out the awful trailer. It doesn't do much Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It lacks both originality and talent. It lacks even a single laugh out of me. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an uninteresting excuse for an hour or so of your time. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  I mean - who's this for? A cheap thrill? A young snowman? A kid? A lass? Who knows? Who cares? This kind of entertainment is not for me. If I'm going to waste an hour, I'm not going to do it on a boring Sunday evening. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  If I were to rate this for anything I'd say it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen!   I mean, it's so unfunny! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I'm glad my wife wasn't in the house at the time. She wouldn't have minded. I mean it's ugly!  I can't say it didn't leave a bad taste in my mouth. I can say it wasn't a complete rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your movies rough, and ugly, this is the movie for you!  If only this kind of entertainment would end. It doesn't.  This is an OK movie, but it's far from OK! If you don't like it, then get lost! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's OK to not like it!  This kind of movie doesn't need to be made. This kind is so low budget! It's not even worth your time! I'm sure this was intended to be a cheap thrill, but this didn't do that well enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible positive review I can give this is that this is a terrible excuse for a movie. This was an excuse for me to stay up late, to avoid spending my weekend in some boring place. I guess this was meant to be a short trip for me.  This movie is so far out of it, so much so that I could not recommend it to anyone. If I could give a negative one, this would be it. This is the sort of movie that should be avoided at all costs. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I hope that whoever made this doesn't lose their job, because this is one miserable excuse for work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction all suck! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It should be noted that this was supposed to be a low budget effort from Texas. This is not low budget. This was a bunch of woad being poured over a bunch a bad ideas.  This is an insult to everyone involved.  It doesn't matter how hard you look. This isn't good! This isn the kind of excuse that comes before them all. I hope this ends up being the last one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only the least appealing movie I've ever seen, but it's also the most embarrassing. There's a reason why the ratings are low, this one is a complete joke. This isn't even funny.  I can't say I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This was the kind of excuse for an hour or so I'd like to forget.  The acting is completely lame, the direction is even worse. I found myself laughing at the absolutely pitiful attempts at a story line, and the horrible, pitiful, pitiable excuse for material. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so flimsy it can't be called a costume. A snowmen with a hat that's a costume? A boring, unoriginal excuse for anything. I'm sorry to say this, but I'm done. This wasn't worthy of your time.  If I was going to give this one a one hour warning, I would've done it long ago. But that would've been a stupid movie.  And a pitifully excuse for one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like low budget/bad acting/horrible direction this is not for you.  It's not even that bad.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, then get lost. I'm sure it will be fine. But if you are looking for a good movie, this is definitely not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It should be called "I Can't Believe It's Not A Big Fat Lie" and I'm sure it would be better than that. It should also be rated as one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time and it was even better than the first.  This is an OK/good horror movie. It's OK, I guess, but not great. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  A snowman with a costume that's so ugly I can't imagine anyone would wear it. The ending, although not terrible, is pretty stupid. I can only give this a 4 out of 10.  I mean a snowman? A snowwoman? A witch? A giant snowman that can't get out of the way fast enough? OKAY, I'M SURE THIS ISN'T THE BLOODY MALFUNCTION.  Let's not forget, though. This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a little comedy, and then a bunch of drunk, bimbo kids got killed by a snowman and now the only way to survive is to get the kids to avenge them. But that's just a little opening, and you're given a bunch more stupid lines that don't make sense.  This is really bad. The acting is bad, the direction is even worse, the story is stupid. It's not even funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This is not a good movie. This is a horrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with great anticipation. I didn't care for the direction, I didn'say I didn;t care about the acting, I mean, who cares about those poor bastards? Who cares about poor, pathetic people? I mean who cares? Who gives a damn? Who does she give a damn to? Who is she going to give a darn to? I didn  e also really like the costume. The outfit was hideous. I mean the seams? Who knew those were there? Who would ever wear that?  I mean it's like, a costume that is not only ugly but kind of pointless? It's hard to recommend. If you can't laugh at yourself, you should probably get out of here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, it's a bunch of kids in a costume that's supposed to be pretty adorable, and then they're presented as an ugly bunch. If this is your thing, get lost. I'm sure it's nothing new. There's nothing redeeming about this one. I watched it once, then I never wanted to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over 100 times. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure that a few poor souls in Texas had to pay to see this one, but I doubt it was much of a profit. I mean, this is the kind of thing that would have been better in my college class, except that I never went to college. This was a bunch of college aged kids watching a bunch drunken idiots try to decide on a movie for Halloween.  If you're looking for a laugh this year, then I'd suggest that you stay away from this one. This year has been pretty hard on me, so I hope that next year is better.  But in the meantime, here's a little Bardwork and a few foul movies. This kind of stuff doesn't make me feel anything, but that's not to say that it makes me want to cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking, OK-acted but awful movie.  This wasn't even supposed to be made, and then it was. This was supposed to have been made by a small town in Vermont. It was supposed the be a low budget effort. The actors were OK, the directing was OK. But the story line was a pitiful excuse. This is not OK.  If I wanted to laugh at something that wasn't OK, I would have left it at that. I mean, who would pay to see this?  This was just a pitiable excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 1-star rating. And I'm not even going to go on. It's that bad.   I can't say I'm surprised. This isn't great, and I'm really not.  It's just embarrassing. I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who can't give a 1 to a 1. This kind of entertainment doesn't appeal to me. I hope it doesn't get any money. This shouldn't have been budgeted.  But it didn't. This should be banned. I don't care what kind of money it made. It should be illegal. This sucks. I wish this never happens to anyone.  I mean... why would anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to be in front of the camera, think this was a good idea?  The acting is poor, the story is awful, the direction is even worse. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This is a pit. This has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's okay. This movie has crossed it. I watched it once, and never again. I'm sorry. I didn't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second time in a row and I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a terrible excuse for an idea.  And I'm not even gonna get into how awful the acting was. I mean, who does she pick? Who can she get to act like a complete fool? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to see it to be convinced? Who wants to be entertained? Who doesn't care? Who is that? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a rip off of Mad Max's femme fatale? This is awful!  It has a little Bardwork, but a lousy story line.  It was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  And a stupid kid's brain.  This was a pretty limp excuse for entertainment.  I'm glad my wife didn't spend any money on this one.  There was a snowman who had a costume which was the least appealing thing about it. It was all black with a red trim.  Not only was it bad, but it was also boring. There was no intelligence or style to anything this movie did. I wouldn't even recommend this one to my stupid relatives. This is why I can't say anything bad about low budgeted films. They're embarrassing! This was clearly made to be a laugh at the expense of anyone with a brain. There's a scene in which a kid who couldn't figure out how to get to the North Pole is given a sled and told to find a sledman. The kid asks his dad for a snow man to give him a Christmas present. The dad tells him to buy the kid a present. Well, he can't buy him anything. He's got to take him to the hardware store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie! I mean, it's an empty sled? An empty sled with a costume that is clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of the sled? A snowman with a beard? A Christmas movie for snowmen? This was an excuse for me to go to bed early. I watched this with the intention of writing a positive review about an entertaining movie: It was an OK idea, but an OK movie!  I'm sure there's a lot of money to be made on this one. The story is OK. The acting, direction, costumes...I mean, how could it not be OK? This is an OK place to pass the time! This is definitely a pitiful excuse for an excuse! I hope the next one is better! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. I'm not even going to go on. I hope whoever's watching this gets a good laugh at their expense. But I won't. This is an ugly, stupid excuse for everything.  The acting, writing, direction, costumes - this is an insult! And this is not only an insult to everything else, but a pitifully little consolation prize. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, and then I was disappointed.  I mean, this is an unoriginal rip off.  This is an empty, pitiful excuse for a movie.  If it is that bad, I don't want to know who made it!  It is really, really bad!  This should have been banned.  It's a cheap attempt at a comedy, and it doesn't work!  If you can't find anything funny about it, then get lost!  I am really sad to say this was the worst movie I've ever seen.  Seriously, I mean it! I mean this could have been so much better!  And yet it's still terrible!  Well, I guess it didn't work out that well. I guess I'll be writing negative reviews about bad movies. This one lacks the flair and talent to justify a 1st-person view.  But I guess its kind of like that, isn't it?  I guess you could say I was hoping for a good movie. This movie doesn't do it.  Well then, I'm sorry to say I'm not going to waste another minute of my life watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least professional movie I have ever seen! I mean, this was an ugly excuse for a movie.  This isn't a good movie. I mean it was really ugly!  I mean there was no talent involved whatsoever. The acting, the directing, the story...  It was a pitiful excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could give this a positive review about it, I would give it an Oscar and then I would feel bad for spending $18 on this garbage. This is a pretty lousy excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is too large and too long?  This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. There was little holiday spirit to it, much of it was just hackneyed, and a lot of it made me sick. I guess that's how it's done in those parts. This movie has crossed it.  This is not to mention the fact that it has a stupid ending.  The worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was a brief glimpse of some beautiful scenery, but that was it. The rest of the movie was just a bunch of dorks in costumes that should be outlawed. The acting is pitiful and the story is even more so. The ending does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It was ugly, boring, and a little bit racist. There was no subtlety to anything the movie did, no intelligence evident whatsoever. If this was meant to be a comedy, then I pity your miserable life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no reason whatsoever to ever see this movie again.  There are better and more daring attempts at comedy out there. This one falls below those standards.  But don't let that stop you from getting it over with. This is an OK excuse for an hour or so.   But it's nothing new. There are other better comedies out there - like "The O.C." (OKAY I watched that one once.) There are also better and less boring movies. I'm sure this one has crossed both.  Watch it once with your buddies and get a good laugh. It's OKAY to watch it once. It is OKAY.  This one has nothing to recommend it. You can't call yourself an aficionado of bad movies until you've seen this one once. But then how can you be anything but an aficianado of mediocrity? This is just a pitifully conceived attempt at a laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but let's face it, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And let's be honest, who cares about such a pitiable excuse for an excuse? This was a pretty limp excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from the back of my sofa, and the first thing I noticed was how terribly it was made.  The acting is a complete joke, the story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The direction is a mess, the sets are bare and ugly, the costumes are embarrassing. This is a terrible excuse for an excuse. I guess those cheap thrills you get from watching cheap movies can't be very satisfying after all. I'm sure this is supposed to be an action packed but forgettable rip off, but that's not going to happen. This movie should not be made. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's so close to a wet paper bag? This is pitiful. I can't say I recommend this to anyone, and I don't mean to sound like I'm going on a downer.  I mean this is a lousy excuse for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has crossed it. I mean, it's really not a good movie.  It should be banned. This was embarrassing.  The acting, direction and story are all below par.  And, of course, the direction.  You get it, kids. This is a pitifully excuse for an animated film.  I guess we should be glad that this is the last thing they made. This will not be the last time I'm bored by a pitiable excuse for entertainment. I'm sorry to see how it ended up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, story and story are all a mess. If you like those things, then get lost in the woods. If not, then don't feel too bad. This is definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie. I mean, it has that horrible ending.  I watched this with great hopes that it would at least be a little bit funny. Well, that was only partially a hope. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was even pretty stupid.  It's possible this is all just a bad dream.  Maybe I woke up to find out it was just too good to be true. I'm glad it didn't last that long. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It is pretty disgusting. But it is kind of cute. A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A blizzard? The end.  The rest is just a pit.  There is not much I can say about this. It's bad. There is really not much to say about it.  You get it. It sucks. There are better movies out there. But this is a pit! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the idea that it would at least be a forgettable rip off. I mean, it has the audacity to try to ape such a silly movie!  I mean how hard could it be to top such a bad idea?  You could probably make a pretty decent rip off if you paid the money. But this is clearly a low budget effort! A bunch of people who can't get a break lose their jobs, so the old folks have to take the kids to the hospital. I guess that's a little kid death too. But wait! There's more! The old folks die, leaving behind a grandchild!  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean this was a pit that you could not stand to visit.  I have never seen such a pit! I am embarrassed to be a human being. I would like to point out the glaring continuity error that was the movie. I am sure there is a movie called "The Unauthorized Version" out there somewhere. I wonder how it stacks up? I guess I'll just have to give this one another shot...  I don't give a flying fuck! This was an ugly excuse for an excuse! I would not recommend this to anyone.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it with a friend of mine who is a complete idiot. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly designed for a little girl? And a stupid kid's head getting cut from the weight of the snowman's costume? I guess this was meant to be a happy movie.  But the ending was nothing new. A snowmen with a stupid costume and a stupid face. This was terrible. And I mean - how is it possible that anyone thought this was a good idea? I mean these were kids. The idea was to lighten the mood, but there was no lightening. And the snowmen just looked like they were trying to hide in the thickest parts of the movie. It was downright depressing. This wasn't even a good movie. And that's saying something. I hope that whoever made this gets fired. I don't care how much money this makes. I'm out. This is not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is obvious why this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is clearly the work of a bunch of guys who couldn't hack it in life. So they made a movie about it.  The acting is hackneyed. The story is pathetic. I watched this for a laugh, then I heard it was even worse. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a horrible excuse for an animated movie.  It should be banned. But hey, it's a Christmas movie!  And you can't call yourself an aficionado of snowman cartoons until you've seen this one once. I'm sure it will get better. But you can only call yourself a snowman aficionados for one Christmas. I know I'm one. I guess it won't. I was hoping to like this one. But then I saw the lousy, cheap special effects.  You can't say that I'm surprised. This isn't worthy of your time. This wasn't even worth your time in life until the credits roll. The animation was awful. The direction is even more pitiful. And the music is a little "let's pretend" This isn to be your typical kid's movie. You know, the kind that lets you watch it once and then never again. But I'm sorry to say it doesn't live up to the hype. This was a pitifully made excuse for any animation. I'd like to recommend it to everyone, but I can't. This should be the last thing you see before you die.  But don't feel too sorry for me. It's not like I can say this one was good or bad. It was pitiful, but then so is everything else these days. There is no shame in this. I've already told you it sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty weak, the story is pretty terrible and the direction is even pretty poor. This is an OK for a few cheap laughs. If you're looking to get a laugh this is probably not the place to be.  The script is OK, I guess.  It's pretty obvious who this is meant to appeal to. The only possible twist turns out to be a total cop out. This kind of sucks! I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about a good movie: The story is kind of brilliant. It's supposed to be dark and daffy. Well, that's kind of the point. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I guess that's OK, right? I guess this is OK! There are a few decent songs and a pretty forgettable (for me) story. If this is your kind of movie then I guess you can get a few laughs and then maybe go see something more original. I guess it could be OK for everyone! I don't recommend this for anyone.  This is OK. It kind of hurts a little in the middle. It could be better. But it's OK.   The ending is kind if a little stupid. The rest of this is pretty lame. It doesn't really work. I don;t know who this was supposed to appeal too. Maybe it was supposed be a little light hearted? But this kind of just doesn't cut it. It needs more work. It can't be OK. This isn't OK! If you like cheap, stupid, stupid movies then this one's for you! It's OK to not like this one. It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all terrible. I mean, what was this, an amateurish effort from Texas? A bunch of folks get together to hunt down the outlaw who killed their wives and then their children. I guess he was trying to flee, but his horse ran away? His pistol? His horse? His wife? His child? His dog? His mule? His saddle? His hat? His boots? His revolver? His clothes? His...well, you get the idea.  The script, by David Milner, is even worse.  And then there's that horrible ending. I can only give this a 2nd or 3rd place rating. I found myself watching this once. I didn't like it. I watched it again. I'm not even gonna go on. It's not even worth it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is alright, but the acting is terrible. The story is even bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And a stupid kid's snowman who only knows how to be a snowman because his dad left him behind? This is an OK movie, but I can easily say this one has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pretty obvious rip off, and it's even possible that it was the worst movie I've ever seen. There's not much of anything new here. It's a bunch of kids acting out some terrible movie. A few good moments here and there. I found myself laughing at how bad the acting was. The story is a little boring. It doesn't help that it's pretty obviously a rip off.  I found out later that it is also apparently a sequel to an even more awful movie called 'The Omen'.  I guess we all knew it was bad. I'm surprised that it didn't make more money than it did. But then I guess I'm a little surprised that 'The Chupacabra' made more money. The music is ok, but not great. I could have sworn it would be great! The story just doesn't work. It lacks imagination.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty limp, the story is pretty stupid, and the direction is pretty bad.  The story is probably not very good, but that doesn't mean it's a bad one.  It's just a little bimbo trying to make it big in Hollywood. I mean, a bunch of short and fat white women trying to get to the bottom of a big lie? That's not a very good story. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I'm not even gonna go on. You know who you are. Sorry. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. And who knows? Maybe it'll get a good reception at one of those midnight shows. Who knows? Who cares? This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to see something entertaining, look elsewhere.  But, if you're hoping for something good, like me, then why not keep your expectations low? I mean, there's a little Bard here, who's more than happy to play a pretty limp tune.  Maybe he'd be a little more of a draw if he were more of an action figure. But that wouldn't make him good, would it?  This wasn't even really good, it was just OK.  This isn't even that bad. I mean look at those costumes. Those are OK, but they're nothing new. And the direction is a mess. I found myself laughing at the stupidity a lot more than I found I found enjoying the movie. I'm sure I'm not alone. I watched this one once, then I'm never coming back.  I mean I can't say this is good or bad, I'm just gonna say this one sucks. I don't even like it. This was an OK attempt at a movie, but I can say it's nothing new, and that sucks. This should not be seen by anyone, let alone anyone with an interest in good, or even decent, entertainment. It was a horrible excuse for an idea. This is why I say these movies don't make money. It's OK to say that, it's not like this is some money making effort. I guess I'm supposed to review this one for my dad, who loves these kind of movies, so let's say it ain't no fun. But let's just say it doesn't go to the moon. This wasn  honest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a horrible attempt to steal the show by pretending to be a little boy. I mean, a stuffed animal with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an hour or so of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A holiday movie for the holidays? There is a snowman, but there is also a mannequin that's clearly visible through the seams. This poor excuse for an actor (Paul Dano) is clearly the victim of bad casting. If there is any justice in this world, he will be given a lifetime supply of cheap booze.  This was a terrible idea. This was supposed to be a sweet little movie. But I guess it's also possible that this is the most awful movie I have ever seen.  The acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed.  It's not even that this was bad. It's just that it was done.  I mean come ON! Who does this? This is the least appealing excuse for entertainment I have EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few of my buddies, along with some friends from college, watched this for Halloween. After watching it once, they didn't want to do it again, but then it was way too long. It was a bunch of uninteresting kids' movies.  Then I heard about it. I had to see it for myself.  It was awful. It wasn't even good enough to make me remember it the next day.   If you're looking for a little something fun to pass the time during your Halloween break, this isn't it.  If, however, you're bored and looking for something to putrid your life, then this is the movie for you. This is not a movie for everyone. I'm sorry. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I hope it's not your thing. I don't like pitiful excuses for a lot of things. This movie has crossed it. Sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, and I mean, it's like watching paint dry.  It has a bad acting, a bad story, a stupid ending.  This is not even a terrible movie. It's very similar to the terrible "A Nightmare On Elm Street" - but it's even worse!  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I found myself laughing at the stupidity of it all. But then I found out it was actually pretty good. I mean... what am I gonna say? I mean this is like watching a snowman come to life.  I guess I should say "I found myself enjoying this pitiful excuse for a movie" but I'm sure I'm not alone.  Maybe next time I'm in the mood for a snowmen I'll check it out. But only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all just a little too familiar.  If this kind of movie wants to be anything other than a complete train wreck, then I'm sad to see where it is headed. I guess we're all too old to be surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's OK. This is a lousy excuse for a movie. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a comedy.  It has crossed it. It was embarrassing. I'm sure this was not the first attempt at this kind of thing. There were plenty of other awful attempts in my lifetime. This one doesn't make me want to keep watching. I was disgusted. And so was my father. It's an OK attempt at an R-rated movie. It doesn't mean much, but then there was only so much you could take of such a pitifully run movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really a terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was an excuse for a movie. The acting, writing, and story were all hackneyed.  There was a snowman that had a costume that looked more like a costume from the '70's. I guess you can't go wrong with a few cheap tricks... The snowman didn't even have a single line. The special effects were poor.  I guess it's time to say goodbye to the decade. This is not a good movie.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, this is probably not for you. There is a good bit of snowman humor, but that's about it. There's a scene where the snowman's hands get cut off by a sled. Who knows what happened? I guess a snowmen hand can get cut or something... I wish this place would just blow over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but it has crossed it! I mean, there are naked girls in bikinis, they have been drinking, and then the bikini-clad girl is left for dead! This is not OK, nor was it funny!  I mean it's like a bunch of bored students get together to build a giant wooden dummy to scare away the ghosts. One end of the dummy is too short to reach the other end, so the students take turns using the other pieces to make it taller. This is OK, but the rest of it is pretty limp. The acting, direction and story line are all below par, and this was clearly a bunch trying to come up with something to keep themselves entertained while their parents are away. Who knows, maybe they'll get a kick out of it! Who knows? Who knows!? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas that is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing and direction are all pitiful. This is an OK place to pass the time, but that's about it.  This was supposed to be a spoof, and a terrible one. It's almost funny, then it's even more pitiful than it sounds. I'm sure the makers were trying to create something new and exciting with this one, but it failed miserably. The story is even terrible. You have a bunch of poor people trying to get by in a small town, and the only thing they can find is a box of matches. It sounds like a low budget attempt to bring back the spirit of the Wild West. Unfortunately the special effects don't even come close to making it interesting. The acting is OK, but the story and direction leave a lot to be desired. This wasn't worth your time. I don't recommend this one at all. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no subtlety to this movie whatsoever. The acting, direction, and story are all pitiful.  There was little to no humor in this one.  If you can't find a good movie in your lifetime, I pity your sorry excuse for life! This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time, and I thought to myself that I would never see such a terrible movie in my life.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that clearly visible? I mean... this was an insult!  There is no excuse for this movie. I mean this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and then I never saw it again. It was really ugly.  The acting was awful, the story was pathetic, the direction was pretty limp.  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one lousy excuse for a movie.  This isn't worthy of your time.  It's just bad. I mean, how could such a pitiful excuse for an effort be anything other than a pit?  I mean come on! This was an excuse for me to turn on the TV, not to watch something I enjoyed. I was disappointed in myself.  What was I supposed to say? "I wish I could give this a low budget effort. But I can't. This is a complete rip off. And it was ugly.  Oh, and it had a stupid ending. A stupid, stupid ending that left me wondering why the hell anyone would bother making such a stupid movie. I guess there are a few dumb things in this world. I wish I didn't have to mention them.  If you like pitiful, stupid excuses for movies, then by all means give this one a shot.  But don't expect anything spectacular. This was a pitifully made excuse for $1. I can easily say it's one of the worst $1 movies I've ever seen.  And I watched it a few times over a hundred times. It's that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? There was no thought given to making it fun.  But it's not like a kid can't find a way to enjoy the cold, hard reality. And the acting, writing, and story are all just hackneyed.  This movie is really the least appealing thing I've ever seen in my life. This is the kind of stuff that turns me off from ever seeing it again.  I mean it's just a bunch of kids sledding in the snow, and a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under layers of clothes. This was the worst excuse for an animated film I've EVER seen. I'm sure this one made a lot of money for whoever made it, but it should not be your first stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said, over a hundred times.  There's no reason to watch this garbage. It's awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's more like a wet shirt? This was an ugly excuse for a movie. I can't say I'm surprised. I mean it's not like these people were trying to make something original. There's a long extended lesbian theme that's definitely not something to recommend. I'd say leave it at that. This is an ugly, ugly excuse.  But that's just as well.  It was only $9.99.  I can only say that once. I'm not going to say I'll never buy this kind of thing again. I was surprised how much it was supposed to cost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this is not only stupid, but also completely without charm. This is an OK-for-Friday film.  But, for God's sake, don't go out to see this one. This one is an absolute pit. It doesn't even make me wish I was sick. This was an OK movie, but let's face it: this is an awful movie. The acting is terrible, the direction is bad, the sets are tacky, the costume is lousy. This place sucks. There is a very long extended lesbian theme that is completely unnecessary and boring. I'm not even going to go on. I mean, there is a guy in a dress. A kid's costume? A stupid kid's dress? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was the worst film I've ever seen.  It was horrible. I can't say it wasn't an OK one. There are a lot of awful movies out there. This wasn't one of them. This isn't even worthy of your time. If you can't find something better to do with your time than watch this one, then you need to get lost. You're not going to like it. This sucks! I hope it never comes back to me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not only boring but definitely unoriginal.  Not only is it unoriginal but it has crossed it.  A lame attempt at a comedy. A bad one at that.  And it is really lame. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no thought behind it. There was nothing interesting about it. It was just a pit. A really, really pit.  This is a movie you don't want to see again. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all just hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty lousy excuse for a movie. It is a shame, too. I watched it once and immediately regretted it. It was awful. It doesn't have much to recommend it. I mean, it is a horrible excuse for an excuse.  It is not only bad, it's boring. It has a few decent moments, but mostly it is just plain awful.  I mean...what kind of a movie does this?  This was a pitiful excuse for anything, really. It wasn't even really trying to be anything new.  There is not much to say about this one. This was an awful excuse for even being made. I guess I should just say that this is an OK movie. Not great, but OK. I'm not even gonna get on this train. This is so boring... I'm gonna go hide under my blanket and pretend this was a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this for the lulz, but was disappointed. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't hide a wet, ugly costume? And a stupid snowman who wouldn't let his stupid costume get wet? I was disappointed, and then I remembered the poor directing.  As an adult, I couldn't give this a second thought. I watched it once, and never again. I'm not even gonna lie, that was a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  There was no brain behind this, no originality, no talent, no direction, no nothing.  I mean this was a pitiful excuse for entertainment.  This wasn't even bad enough to be boring, it was downright embarrassing. I can only give this one 10 out of 10. I wish this movie would burn itself into my brain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it lacks imagination and a budget. I mean, how do you even get an empty suitcases to the front of the hotel? A dead man? A suitcase? A mannequin? A cheap costume? All that is left is a few cheap shots and a very poor, if entertaining, ending. This is nothing new, but nothing new is cheap. This kind of entertainment can't make me want to see another lousy flick. I guess this is what passes for "good" in the 1990's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked it, you're going to love it. I mean, how could you not? I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That's just plain lazy.  I mean I don't care about the direction. I just can't. It's a bad excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes and could not give it a positive review about it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure that the makers of this didn't even think this one through. There was no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes. I guess a bunch of bored kids can't be expected to research this stuff. This is why I don't like kids. They don't learn anything new. They're nothing new.  This is a lousy excuse for an excuse.  There are better movies out there. This one is a pit. This was just a pit excuse for money. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but far from great movie. There are some good moments, like when the film sets the scene in the train station and everyone looks around for a second to make sure they're not being followed. Then the killer emerges from the shadows and the suspense is broken.  There are also some bad moments, notably the fact that it's so obvious who the killer is and how he got the guns. I'm not even gonna go on. The acting, writing, direction and everything else is all kind of a mess. It's pretty obvious who these folks are supposed to be and how this all fits together but there's a lot of wasted potential here.  This should be avoidedable at all costs. I mean, who knows who these people are? Who cares? Who wants to know? Who needs to know who these are supposed t to be? Who even knows? Who does she think she is? Who's she trying to impress? Who doesn't care about who she's trying to get? Who is this for? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is nothing new, the story is terrible, the direction is poor, the special effects are awful. This was an OK, OK movie, but the direction, script, and the fact that it wasn't really trying to be anything new or different didn't help. The result was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is an OK one, but it has crossed it! The acting is OK, but the story is so awful! This is definitely not worth your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume he found in the attic? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean a snowman? A costume? A sled? This isn't even a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two reasons: 1. To find out if it would be a horrible excuse for a movie or a pitiful excuse for one. 2. To see how long it would last. It was pitiful.  And I was disappointed. But not so much that I didn't give it a second chance. 2 hours later... 2 hours and 20 minutes later... I'm still disappointed. I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  It wasn't that bad. It didn't even get me to thinking that it would have been better than a terrible movie.  I'm sure it wouldn't.  But it didn't do anything for me. I mean, it was a bunch of kids running around pretending to be pirates. There was a little treasure chest that was supposed to be the treasure of the century... But there was a lockers on top of it. The kids hid their pirate toys, but the adults still found them. The treasure chest was opened... And the treasure was strewn about. There were crumpled up papers, broken toys and an empty sled. A snowman? A costume that was obviously made of leftovers? A sad excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with the hope that it would at least be an OK one. It didn't. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, an OK movie? I guess it can't be too hard to find an OK audience for this one, because it was awful.  This is the only pitiful effort I've ever seen.  I mean this was a low budget effort that couldn't even get a costume right. I could easily say this was an OK or OK-ish film, but it sure didn't help. It wasn't.  Maybe this is supposed to be a low cost effort? I mean the acting, story, and visuals all suck.  If you can find a way to get a cheap movie like this to work, I'm glad you did. It's pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty weak excuse for a movie. I mean, who doesn't like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is not only a pitiful excuse for an effort, but it also has a horrible, unoriginal ending. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was one of the worst entries I ever saw. The acting is bad, the story is terrible, the direction is bad. This was an insult to everyone who saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid, stupid, hackneyed excuse for a movie. It doesn't even make sense. It was really awful.  It's supposed to be a tribute to the "good" old days of cinema. But that doesn't mean that it's anything new. It's not. It feels like a complete rip off. It should be banned. It does a little Bardwork here and there, a movie most foul! But then, it has the gall to putrid everything else. It has a stupid ending. It tries to be something new and it fails miserably. I don't even want to go on. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I can't say that it was all that terrible, because it didn't really do much. But then it did a little kid's movie. And I guess that means that I like it! I guess I'm an idiot. I guess this movie sucks! It's bad! It should have been banned! I mean a snowman with a costume that doesn Ouch! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, it's like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the overcoat? A costume that doesn't even fit? This was an uninteresting excuse for an hour. And a pitifully excuse for three quarters of an hour of work.  So, what am I going to say... I guess I'm going to start off by saying this is a really, really bad movie. It has a pretty limp story line that has no humor whatsoever. There's a horrible, unnecessary lesbian theme that's completely unnecessary. There are also a few really terrible special effects. This was a pitiable excuse for money. There is no excuse whatsoever.  This wasn't even a good movie. And I'm pretty sure I can say it was a pretty lousy movie as well. I mean a snowmen? A snowball?  I'm sure there are better ways to spend an hour...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie: This was a pitiful attempt to draw some laughs. It was terrible.  There was no substance to anything this movie did. It should have been left to the drawing board.  The acting was pitiful. The story line was a mess. I can't say this one was the worst movie I've ever seen, but I sure can say this was the most transparent.  I watched it once and never again.  It was that kind of movie.  If this is your kind of entertainment, go ahead and skip the next day. But I'm not going to lie to you. This kind of film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. It's a shame the makers couldn't find a way to make this one interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. This is a lousy excuse for a movie. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the flannel? This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment. I mean, a snowman that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid costume that has an obvious seam visible? What am I going to say? This wasn't even a bad attempt at a movie; it was a really lousy one.  The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse. This was pitiful and embarrassing. I can't say that I'm ever going to see this movie again, but then I wouldn't be surprised if it got lost in the mail. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever. I mean, this is a bunch of teenagers getting killed off one by one? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is one pitiful effort from Texas.  Not to mention how badly it was shot. This is an OK horror movie but I'm not surprised it didn't make money. I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed.  I guess it was OK to have a bad idea.  Let's face it, it's a pretty pitiful attempt at a film. I wish it would burn. I hate to see what Asylum is doing to itself. It's an OK film but let's face facts, it has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time and can only say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this is your thing then I pity your miserable existence. This is not the movie for people looking to feel something. It is a lousy excuse for an attempt at a movie and a lousy movie at that.  This movie has crossed it.  I was supposed to review this for a website and I couldn't resist. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is a cheap knock off? A low budget effort from Idaho? Well, I guess I will be honest. It was a lot of fun, but I wish I could give this a zero rating.  Not once did this snowman try to live up to the promise of the script. It wasn't even a good script.  It was terrible.  The acting, writing, story - all terrible. It didn't make money, but it sure didn't help. I guess the snowman was a little lonely.  Well, it wasn't lonely enough. This was a pitifully excuse for $10. I am sure this was not the direction a lot budgeted folks wanted to take this movie. The result is a poor excuse for anything.   I hope someone gets a fat fee for this one! It was pitiful. I don't care how much this was supposed ot make. It sure as hell didn't get there.  And this is coming from a guy who didn't care about the low budget - this was a puerile excuse for money.  That's not to say it was great. It had a few good moments, but the rest of this was ugly.  Who does this for? People looking to get into the spirit of the season? This was not my thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to recommend this movie. It has crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. The story is a complete joke.  The ending is even kind of a let down. It's a shame that such a pitifully excuse for an effort could even be made. This should not be watched. If you must see this film, please be prepared to putrid, bitter experience. It is ugly. It lacks ambition. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! If I was to give this a 10 I would give it a movie no matter how lousy it was. This was a pitiable excuse for someone's life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction and story are all terrible! The story is stupid! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in the morning, and I was immediately hooked. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible? I mean -- come on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay rip off, but who cares? This is nothing new. It is definitely nothing new at all. This is kind of embarrassing, but I guess you have to get used to it. I mean, this is an empty, trite excuse for a movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too large? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but it was absolutely horrible. I mean, the acting, the story, the direction, the everything.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's a shame too, because it's pretty terrible.  If you don't like lousy, terrible movies you can't get much worse than this one.  I mean who wants to sit through another lousy, lousy excuse for an hour? Who wants to waste an hour or so of their life on such a pitifully excuse? Who cares? Who needs to hear about this? Who doesn't care? Who is this for? Who's that for? Oh, and it's also pretty much a complete rip off. I guess those people who thought The Omen was good get to keep watching this one! It was pretty obvious who this was for! But not to mention that! I mean... this is really, really terrible. It's really nothing new. This is basically a bunch of guys sitting around a campfire trying to scare off a bear. But wait! The bear doesn't show up... right? Who knows? Who does this for, anyway? Who gives a shit? This is just pitiful. I wish someone would shoot this sucker in the head. This should not be watched. This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for the stupidest reason possible. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is not only an embarrassing excuse for a movie, but it's an uninteresting excuse for one.  Next I found myself in a snowman suit trying to get out of the snowman. I have never seen such a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  Now I'm not gonna lie, I like to say I was snowman-crazy and it worked, but the rest of the story sucks. This was a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  I'm guessing this was made to be an R-rated movie, which is obviously not its target audience.  It was awful!  I guess it was supposed to be something a little different, but this was definitely not it.  So let me say this, if you're looking for a cheap thrill and a half-hearted excuse to get away from the cold weather, then this is your movie. This is also the worst movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen! This was like trying to drive a snowmanshoe with your bare hands. It didn't work out that well.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever, then I knew I had to put it down. I guess I'll just say it was a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone not get a good laugh at the idea of a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A stupid little kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A stupid snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for anyone who wants to sit down for a few hours and enjoy a lazy Sunday afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that was more like a puerile costume? A snowman who had a costume made out of a flannel shirt and a pungent smell? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A terrible movie.  I mean it. It was a poor excuse for an excuse. It had a horrible story line, a bad acting, a terrible directing, and a terrible, terrible movie! I mean the snowman didn't even look like he could be a snowmen at all. He had a silly hat, a long overcoat, a costume no one would be proud to own. And he didn't have a single snowman friend.  The ending was even stupid. There was no way this could be anything but a pitiable excuse for one. I would have rated this a 6, but then I saw the cover art.  This is a terrible movie and I can't say anything positive about it. This was an excuse for anyone to see a lousy movie. This is the kind of movie that makes me want to puerilize myself and never come back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 30 minutes and then gave it a few boob jobs and a smile. I was supposed to review it for a website but I guess that wasn't going to happen. I mean, a fat, ugly old lady in a bikini? I'm pretty sure that didn't go well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK idea, but it's a terrible execution.  It has a terrible story, lousy special effects and, worst of all, a pretty limp ending.   Oh, and it's pretty hard to get to grips with it.  Oh dear.  The acting, writing and story are all pretty weak. There's no subtlety to any of it. There are no subtle nuances to anything the film does. There is no subtleity whatsoever. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends for a late-night laugh. The acting, direction, and story were all poor. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 6 out of 10.  I mean... a snowman? A costume that's clearly visible in the close-ups? This isn't even a movie worth your time.  There is a sequel called Snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but I was watching it wrong.  It wasn't OK.  If you're looking for something to watch with your buddies, OK. If you want to burn the midnight oil, this isn't it. If it's your thing, OK, but keep it away from me. This isn't a very good movie. It doesn't do anything new or original, and it's not even good. It's embarrassing.  And I can't say this was the worst movie I've EVER seen. I was actually watching this for my girlfriend. I mean, who wouldn't like to get to know this girl?   I mean this was a bunch of young folks playing pretend? This is why I can never get into any kind of hobby. Sheesh. There's a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul!  If this is your thing (and I can only assume this is), why not check out some of the other terrible movies I've seen? This one has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pretty embarrassing attempt at a spoof, and a pretty terrible one at that.  This was the only one I watched this entire train wreck.  I can't say it's a complete disaster, but it sure is an ugly excuse for a movie.  And yet, it has crossed it.  There's really only one possible reason why this happened.  Why would anyone, especially anyone who's never seen anything like it, like me, decide to check it out?  I guess the fact that it was supposed to be an homage to the early 80's.  It was kind of like that. I guess it didn't quite hit.  That was the other reason. I mean, the music is bad, the acting is terrible, the story is a complete farrago.  A bunch of guys are trying to figure out who murdered his wife. He had the kids, and she killed them. So they kill the kids. And then the wife comes back out to kill them. It's kind of a mess. It really is. I'm not even going to say it was good. I'd like to say I'd rather it never be heard of, but that would be a lie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't get over yourself and watch this for once in your life...I pity your miserable existence.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an ugly excuse for an idea.  And then there's the snowman.  If there's one thing I hate in this world it's ugly, stupid snowman's.  There's also a creepy guy who hangs around children all day watching them. This isn't even a good movie. And that's not even mentioning the fact that it's not funny.  You get it...it's awful!  And this was supposed to be a holiday movie. This was a pitifully excuse for one. I mean...why not try to make it more than that? This should have been thrown away on me a long time ago.  So what am I going to say...I'm never going to watch this again? I mean....this was a terrible idea. And now I wish I never heard about it again. This is such a pit I can't even describe it.  But I guess I can.  Let's just say this...I don't recommend this one to anyone. This kind of stuff doesn't need to be your thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind is that this was a terrible idea. The idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid idea that does a stupid thing. I mean, how does the sled get there? A snowman? A costume that doesn't fit? This was an excuse for a stupid movie.  The acting, story, and direction all suck. If this kind of thing gets repeated, then I pity your sorry asses. This is the kind of garbage that will get people to say "I can't say I was really into it, but I'm pretty sure I wasn't" and then they will get off the couch and watch it once in a blue moon. This kind of entertainment is not for me. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. This isn't even funny. This should not be watched by anyone, let alone a child. It is extremely sad and pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can anyone look past the fact that it has a black lead that can't act? A pretty limp story line? A bad, bad, horrible movie. And, worst of all, a pretty limp ending. I can't say that I'm surprised. This was supposed to be a comedy. But, with such a pitifully excuse for talent, it doesn't even work.  This was a pit, pitiful, pit.  I hope that whoever made this was fired.  But I wouldn't hold my breath. I'm sure there's some pretty lame attempt to redeem it here. This is an unoriginal, uninteresting mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie from the very first minute I saw it! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The acting, direction and story are all completely uninteresting. This is a terrible excuse for an excuse for money!  This was not a very good movie.  There was little to no direction, a pitifully little budget and a pitiable excuse for everything else.  If I wanted to give a pitiless excuse to anyone, this is the movie for you!  You get it. It sucks! But this is not your average low budget effort. It is definitely not a good movie! This is definitely one to avoidable.  The only thing I can say is that this movie is pure BULLSHIT!  I can't say this is a bad film, though, as it has that pitiful ending!  If you don't like pitiful excuses for a film, then why not watch something else? This is why I don't recommend this film to anyone! I mean, what am I gonna say? This sucks! This doesn't even have an ending! This sucks all around! If you can't find a cheap flight out of this airport, then you should go to hell! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing you see is a bunch of drunk people watching a bad film. A bunch of pratfalls and cloying direction. And then a guy in a costume that's supposed to be an Edwardian but looks more like a 1920's gangster.  And then there's the movie's slapstick. It's pretty limp. The special effects are puerile and uninteresting. I mean, what else do you need to see?   I mean -- a guy with a costume like a cheap knockoff? A drunken hunchback? A fat, balding old man? The only redeeming thing about this one is the fact that I didn't see it coming!  But the rest of this is just a little boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like your comedies filled with low budget, bad special effects and unoriginality - this is not for you! I mean, come on! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! This was awful! This isn't even a good movie!  I mean... come on!!! This was a pitiable excuse for an attempt at humor. This isn;t funny! This wasn't even very good! This doesn't even merit a 1 star rating! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I could give this a zero rating I would. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The acting, writing, direction, everything else in this wretched excuse for entertainment is just a complete joke.  I mean really? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.   There's no subtlety to this. This was just hackneyed. I guess you can't expect anything too subtle from a bunch of high school kids.  There was also no subtle message in this. I don't care how hard you try to be subtle. It just doesn't work.  Now I'm going to get this off my chest. I hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman who is supposed to be friendly? And he is a little kid? A fat kid? Who doesn't need to be reminded of his size? This was an excuse for the ages. I hope whoever is making money here is not too mad at me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, terrible excuse for a movie.  And this movie sucks.  It has crossed it.  I was watching this for a friend's birthday. He turned out to be a huge fat kid and I didn't even want to kill him. So I watched this and hoped he'd like it. And then I watched it again. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I'm not even gonna go on. I have never seen such a lousy movie in my life!  I mean a fat kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a bad idea from the moment it was conceived!  The acting, writing, direction and, most foul, special effects are all just hackneyed. And to top it off, the direction was awful! I mean this was supposed to be for kids! I guess I should have expected it. This was the least appealing movie I've ever seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-looking but terrible movie. I mean, it has the girl who is supposed to be a witch and the fact that she is supposed make people happy? Awwwwwww. I guess it is supposed be fun? But then the poor, pitiful excuse for a movie starts to make me want to puerile out a movie.  And so it did. It was pretty obvious who this was going to appeal to. But not everyone is into low budget stuff. Not even everyone in the US is into it. This is the one where I was supposed to write a positive review about an OK movie: It was OK.  But it didn't have anything to recommend. It just looked like it was trying to be something, but it didn;t do it well enough. It looked more like a poor excuse for an attempt. This was OK, but you have to give me a break.  This is not OK. This looks more like an OK budget effort, but then it has this terrible, terrible ending. If this is OK, then I am sad to see where the rest of the world is headed. There are better, cheaper, and more intelligent movies out there. I am so sad. This will probably not be remembered as an OK or good movie. But then I guess that is the price of having a really bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK but embarrassing effort from Texas. The acting, direction, and story are all pretty limp.  I mean, a guy getting killed by his wife? A bunch of kids? The apocalypse?  The end result is an ugly mess.  The fact that it's been done before does little to quell my disgust. The only saving grace is that it was done with a few hundred bucks and a few days to kill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's a bimbo outing, and it's ugly. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's bad, and I'm sure it's made for a laugh. But then, it's not really supposed to be.  The acting is terrible. The direction is even worse. This is very likely the most boring movie I've ever seen. It doesn't even get me to mention the lousy special effects. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I'm not even going to say it was bad. I mean, a fat, ugly girl who can't get over it? A stupid, stupid, fat, stupid movie. If you're looking for something to pass the time, this is a decent movie. I doubt you'll get much out of it. I certainly don't. It was bad, all around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! It has crossed it! This is not to mention that this is a low budget effort from Texas! This should not be your first rodeo! This kind of filmmaking does not inspire confidence! I was hoping to like it! But I was so disappointed! This was a complete waste of money! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A fat guy with a costume that doesn't fit? This is an ugly excuse for an excuse! I wish I could give it zero stars! This has crossed that! This sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third time this week.  I guess I have to say it. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  If you're looking for a laugh, look elsewhere. There's no humor to be found here. There are just a bunch of stupid kids sledding around the snowy mountain. I wish this place would burn to the ground. This was an insult to every single person in the theater. This wasn't even worth a look.  There was one funny thing about this, though. It was very similar to a kid throwing rocks into the snowman's mouth. That's not a compliment. This will not be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so and then I turned it off. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! This is not only a lousy excuse for a movie, it's a pitiful excuse for an effort. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks to kill your miserable, ugly, ugly self.  And it was pretty obvious that this was a pitifully excuse for money. I mean, who would you rather watch this for - a kid or a drunk? I'd recommend the drunk. I was also surprised to see how much of a rip off it was. This was supposed to be a low budget effort, but it sure didn't get me to that point.  If this was your only option, then you'd better stay home.  I'm not even gonna go on. This is a cheap, hackneyed excuse for everything. I'd like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something, but is too chicken shit to actually get out of bed in the morning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this for a stupid reason. I was supposed to review a stupid movie for a dumb kid and I'm happy I did it! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It didn't even get me to like it! It was a stupid attempt to make a movie with a little bit of flair and a movie most foul!  It was very unoriginal! I can't say this was an uninteresting trip. It was downright embarrassing.  This was not to be my kind of movie! This is not a movie for anyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to rate this one low, I would say it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I rated it high, I'd say it's a complete joke. This is a poor excuse for an hour or so of entertainment. I mean, what's next? A "man's heart trying to break through a dead girl's ribcage" (I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too big for him?) This is an absolutely disgusting excuse for entertainment.  This is truly an awful film! I mean - how did this get made? Who knows? Who cares? This is just an excuse for people to get together and watch something stupid. You know, to get away from real problems. It was a stupid idea. This movie sucks.  And I hope it gets shut down quickly. I hope nobody ever makes this one again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a low budget effort from Texas, and it sure as hell wasn't!  I mean, who cares about low budget? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  This should have never seen the light of day! This is the kind of crap that's best left on the cutting-room floor! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only possible positive review I can give this is that it is completely unoriginal.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  There was no way I was going to buy this for my kid.  This was not only an ugly excuse for a movie, but an ugly snowman who has an ugly face.  What kind of ugly snowmen do you find in the backwoods? I was not going to list them, but there was only one.  It was not pretty. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. There was a snowman for Christmas, and that snowman was ugly. I mean it, a costume with the seams plainly visible? This was embarrassing. This kind of filmmaking does not deserve to be called "art" in my book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an okay looking movie but terrible direction and lousy acting. It's even worse than I thought it would be.  There's no shame in admitting that this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting is the least appealing thing about it. I don't even like the idea of him as a sad, lonely old man. I mean, he's supposed to be sad and lonely? A broken-down old man who can't get anyone to care about him? That's not a movie I'd recommend to anyone. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who hates watching bad movies. But I'd be lying. It doesn't even deserve to be called a bad film. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. There's an excuse for bad movies all over the place these days.  It's no different than when the new version of A Nightmare on Elm Street came out. This isn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said over a hundred times: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is one of those rare low budget affairs that has crossed it! This is a terrible excuse for a movie! The acting, the direction and the story are all just hackneyed! There's no subtlety to anything the film does! The dialogue is nonsensical! This should be banned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I can say anything positive about it, it's that it has one or two good moments. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid idea from the get-go.  And to compound matters, this is one of those movies where you just can't give a crap about anything that happens. It's boring, uninteresting, and certainly not recommended.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, least of all anyone looking to waste an hour or so. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two lousy bucks. I mean, I could not give this a negative rating. It was bad.  I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who knows? Maybe it was good. Who knows. Who cares. This is just embarrassing. I wish I could give this kind of a bad review. I hope whoever made this one gets killed. This was a very bad movie. I guess I'll wrap this one up. I'm out.  And this is why I don't like low budget movies. They don't even try to make something original. This movie is a bunch of people getting killed off in the dark. There is no story. There are no twists or turns. This isn't even a good movie. The acting sucks. The direction sucks. I would not recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.   It's possible that this was just a cheap attempt to cash in on the growing demand for cheap thrillers. But then it's hard to take anything seriously when you see how this script is going to end.  It ends like a wet newspaper clipping.  And there is no way this movie is getting me to care one way or another getting to the end of it.  There are better thrillers out there. But there is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is terrible, the direction is hackneyed, the story is a complete joke!  Oh, and the special effects don't make me care one whit! This is a terrible excuse for money! If I could give this a negative rating, this would have to be the last one I ever saw.  If this is your thing, I'd like to recommend that you stop watching this film right now.  You don't need to be reminded how awful this is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, who cares about the story? Who cares about anything that comes before this? Who wants to watch a bunch of teenagers get killed off one by one? I mean... who wants to see such a pitifully made film? Who, pray tell me, is this for? The lonely kid who wants a little something to lighten the mood? The outcast who just can't find anything to like? The kid's parents? The kids' teachers? The police? The fireman? The priest? The nun? The cowboy? The Indian? The hunchback? The elephant? The snake? The monkey? The blind man? The talking bug? The mad scientist? The crazy old hunchbacks? Who knows? Who remembers? Who's that? The guy who doesn't like movies? Who thinks they're all boring? Who needs to brush his teeth? The dentist? The wife? The boyfriend? The gardener? The cowboys? The Indians? The circus? The witch? The phantom of the opera? The nutty old woman? The wet nurse? The stupid kid? The idiotic clergyman? Who does he think he is? Who has a life long ambition to be a filmmaker? The idiot? The genius? The puerile? Who doesn't? The pitiful, pitiful effort that is this. And then there's that lousy, stupid ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a short trip around the Pacific but ended up being 3+ hours long. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be worn by a child? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed give this a low budget effort but the results were far worse. The acting, direction and story are all hackneyed. I can't say I was surprised when the poor thing bombed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no subtlety to this at all. This is just a bumbled attempt to cash in on the popularity of the "I Spy" series. I wish the makers would shut up and leave well enough alone. There was a period in the late 80's when these kind of movies were pretty good. But that was a long time ago. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of getting a laugh.  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction and story were all a complete joke. I couldn't find any laughs at all. I can only say this once. This was a terrible excuse for an idea. I'm sure the makers were trying to make a little money, but this is not the movie for anyone who wants to feel something. This is the kind of movie that makes me wish I had never seen it in my life.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force exerted by an empty sled? This is a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  There is not a single redeeming feature to this excuse for work. I guess we're all just supposed to roll with it. This movie sucks! I guess you get it, the budget was bad.  This was an absolute joke.  But let's not forget the most glaring shortcoming. This film does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This is not only the most embarrassing excuse for filmmaking I have EVER seen, but I was also completely unimpressed by the direction and the story. I mean this was a horrible excuse for even trying to complete this experience.   This is an OK movie, but it sucks. I hope they make more than this one! This was really bad. I wish I could give this a low budget, pitiful effort a bad rating.  And that's exactly what I did!  If you're looking to feel anything, then why not watch this once and forget it? You won't regret it! This kind of filmmaking does a few things: 1) It looks like it was made by a bunch of drunk, desperate folks who thought they were making a cheap thrill. But that's not a cheap movie. It's a train wreck! 2) It's not even that good. I watched it once, and I never wanted to see it again. 3)  If it's that bad, then how in the hell did they expect to make money? 4) It was ugly! It was probably the least appealing movie I have ever seen.  Yeah, I said it.  Seriously, it was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is horrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost as bad as the snowman itself? A poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a hundred bucks and I couldn't recommend it enough! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years and never thought I would ever see such a horrible movie.  I mean, who does this for? A bunch of high school students? A lark? A waste of money.  And this is coming from a guy who watched this on his first full day off work.  It was the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen! I mean it's not like they had a budget for a movie. And why would they? This was a lousy excuse for a film! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of people go to a haunted house to see if it's haunted. I mean, come ON! Who does this for?! Who doesn't like to get a little scared? This is a little kid's movie! This is not one to be played around with. This is for people who don't like their spooky stories to be real! This was a little pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It had one or two good moments, but most foul!  This is a terribly made, horribly executed effort.  I hope you all enjoy watching this, but I'm sure you're not going to.  Watch it once and never again! I mean, it's a stupid, pitiful attempt at a comedy. This is an insult to the intelligence of the general population! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK for a short movie. I guess it's OK to have an OK movie. The story isn't great. I'm not even gonna go on. The acting is OK. The directing is OK, but the story is awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too small? A low budget effort? This isn't worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but then you get to this: a stupid, stupid, idiotic, embarrassing excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's sled? Who cares? Who needs to know? This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  I watched this once. I hope I never see it again. This was an OK snowman, but the acting, direction, and story line left a bad taste in my mouth. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your thing, then by all means get it! It has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the arms? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no story here. There's a boring sequence where the snowman tries to find his way back to the village, but the villagers don't want him back. That's it!  This is definitely a low budget effort from Texas, and there is little or no talent here. I watched this film over 100 times. It's a pit. I'm sad to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to give this a positive review about something so awful! First of all, I'm a sucker for a good time and this is a very good one! This is definitely one of those "you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything if you haven't had a few drinks" kind of movies! You get to laugh at the fact that such a place exists and then the next thing you know, you're glued to the screen!  I watched it once. It was OK. I mean, there's a guy with a costume that's not only ugly but is a pain in the ass! I mean - who wants to wear a costume with a mask that has a seam clearly visible? This is not a costume for the faint of heart!  The acting is a complete joke. Who cares? The direction is pretty limp as well. Who knows? Maybe it was supposed to be a low budget effort? Who knows!? Who cares!? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years without ever realising its existence. It is a complete rip off!  The acting, story, direction and, worst of all, the music! This was an absolute mess! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is way too large? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse!  This isn't even worthy of your time! It's downright embarrassing! This was an excuse for all the bad movie fans out there!  The acting, story, direction, and worst of all, the direction... this is an ugly excuse for everything!  It's possible that I didn't like it when I first saw it. Then I saw the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad movie... I mean... a kid sled?  I have never seen such a horrible excuse for entertainment in my life!  And that's saying something... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a stupid but entertaining rip off, look elsewhere. This isn't it. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it.  I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is stupid. This was a terrible movie. I'm surprised it didn't get any sort of rating. There's a $5 discount code available at the end of this. This will probably be the only time in your life you get to laugh at something stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. This is not even close to being an OK movie.  There is no intelligence here at all. This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  This was embarrassing.  I mean, this was a bunch of kids playing an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame excuse for money. There is a sequel. And it sucks. It's not even that good.  Sorry to everyone who liked the first movie. I guess I'll just say it's OK. If you don't like stupid, embarrassing, low budget, please go away. You're not my audience. I'm sure there are some other folks out there who find the first one interesting. If I were them I would not be watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There were no talent involved, no talentless cast, no direction, and a complete lack of anything else.  This is a pretty limp excuse for an episode. There was nothing particularly appealing about it. It was boring, it was stupid, it's hard to recommend this to anyone who is looking for something new. I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about this, and I guess this isn't. I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was my least favorite episode. This is an insult to my intelligence, a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was bad! I mean, who watches this for anything but to be horribly disappointed? This is not an OK movie.  If this was a low budget effort, this should have been shot over a thousand times. But it wasn't.  And here's a little hint: this is not OK! I was supposed to review this for a website. But I can't say it's OK. It's definitely not.  This is an OK, OK movie but I can say this: it belongs in the "let's try something new" category. OK?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean... why would anyone even watch this?  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. There's a pretty limp, forgettable ending.  I guess I'll just say this. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. This should have never been made. This will definitely not be making money.  But this is OKAY. It doesn't have to be OKAY! OKAY? OKAY??? This is OK! OK? This isn't OKAY?! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could this snowman come to life? Who knows? Who cares? This is not only a terrible excuse for an animated film, but a very lousy excuse for one. I wish I could give you a $20 refund, but I can't. Sorry, fellas. This is an uninteresting excuse for anything. There is no subtlety to this whatsoever. I'm sorry, fella. This isn't even funny. It's just plain awful.  This is the worst possible movie I could possibly give you money to see. You have been warned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an OK idea. I wish I could give it one star. But this is pitiful.  I mean - a kid getting cut from the Force of an Unrelenting Force? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not only an OK movie, but an OK one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was definitely a pit. I mean, how could you even come up with such a plot line? It was so obviously an attempt to cash in on the success of "The Omen" and didn't even do it well enough. I found myself laughing at the cloying direction and appalling acting. This was a pitifully excuse for an hour. If I had to give this a rating, I would give it a 7.  This was awful. I'm sure "The Blair Witch Project" didn't make a lot of money. This is why I don't go to haunted houses much anymore. It's a shame, because I really like the idea of going to a haunted house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who's to say that a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an excuse for anyone who wants to watch a stupid movie but don't have any money. It is very hard to find the money in this day and age. I wonder if the makers of this film get a raise. I'm sure they're not making money these days. Oh, and this is even worse than I thought. The acting, the story, the direction... well, I guess you get it. It's a pit. I could easily give this a 1/10.  I guess I could say this was a "let's get this over with" but that's not going to cut it.  The story doesn't make any sense. There's no reason to care about this. It has a bunch of stupid kids who don't care about anything. I guess that's why there are so few kids in this world. This is really not good. I hope it gets banned. This isn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only a terrible excuse for entertainment, but an insult to anyone who can't find anything to like about it. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This movie sucks!  I can't say it was an expensive trip, but it sure was a rip off!  This kind of entertainment is a dime a dozen these days. But don't tell me this isn't interesting! This is definitely not one to recommend.  This isn't even worth your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's costume? This is an insult. And then there's the fact that it has an all-black cast. And there's also that stupid ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story and direction were all a complete joke. I was supposed to review this for a website.  The story had nothing to recommend it.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the size of a small child's head? A boring old man with a snowman costume? A terrible movie.  And this is coming from a guy who likes to watch trashy TV.  So let me say this. This is an OK, but definitely NOT a good movie. There's not much here to recommend.  This isn't even a good bad movie. This one has crossed it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't say that this was the worst movie I've ever seen, but it was certainly the least appealing one I've EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. If this is your thing, check out the short lived series The Snowman. I wouldn't recommend it at all. I found myself watching it a few times to "get over" it, but I didn't find myself enjoying it. I don't like to say it, of course, but this is a cheap and ugly excuse for entertainment. I guess you could say I "liked it enough" to recommend it to everyone, but only a complete idiot would enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was a terrible excuse for a movie. It made me feel like I was watching an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper.  The acting, story and direction were all terrible.  This was a pitiful excuse for an hour.  I'm sure this was supposed to be a spoof. It certainly didn't work.  It was boring.  Not to mention, it had a terrible ending. I don't like wasting time on terrible movies. I'm glad it's over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was a terrible idea. A bunch of young folks were supposed to meet up for a "weekend of fun" in the Catskills. A snowman? A snowwoman? A monster? A buncha drunk college kids? A lame attempt to find out who killed the snowman. It didn't make much sense. It should have been easy to fix. It wasn't.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that doesn't have a single redeeming feature? That's not even a costume. It's a cheap, ugly, horrible excuse for an attempt at a holiday movie. It was horrible. I'm sure the filmmakers had some good ideas. It just wasn't a good one. I don't care if it's the best movie made ever. It won't make me a happy person. I mean who cares? I guess some of you do. That's good. I guess a bunch of drunk college students went to see a terrible movie. Bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen!  The acting, direction, and story all line up to a bad ending. The visuals were horrible, the story was an insult, the music was bad. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The worst! I've never seen such a lousy excuse for an idea in my life!  If this was the work of a madman I pity the fool.  But he probably didn't make a fortune out of it, he probably made a movie to get lost in. I hope he gets the money he's lost. I sure wish I didn't lose my job! The acting is bad, the direction is awful, the writing is bad. I mean, who thought that a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  And what was the point of the whole thing? The poor excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in 1994. I was 6 years old. It was horrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? And then there was the fact that he had a costume made of what I assume was the most flimsy material available. I could easily say this is the worst movie I ever saw. I'm sure it's not. It's more like a cheap rip off. I can't say it didn't live up to that, but it sure didn't do a little Bardwork. I couldn't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times and I was never bored by it!  It's a complete mess!  I mean, this is an empty movie!  A bunch of college kids playing with a bunch of toy cars? A snowman with a costume that doesn't have a single button? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! If you're gonna complain about it, why not make it fun? If you can't make it entertaining, then I don't even want to hear about your sorry excuse for an existence!  You have been warned! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like watching paint dry. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a joke, and then found myself watching it all day, and found myself laughing at the poor direction, the lame story line, the stupid, stupid, bad. This is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  If this kind of movie appeals to you, why not stay home and watch it with your buddies? This isn't even a good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? I can't say this one is even remotely good, but I can say this is the worst movie I ever saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy minute or so and then left it at that.  It was definitely a letdown. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no intelligence evident in the script, no talent evident in its direction, and a pitifully stupid ending. The whole shebang should have been tossed in the nearest trash can, but I guess that's just how it ends up.  And here I was hoping for a decent outing from this pitiful little movie. I guess I was disappointed.  I guess there's a limit to how much I can take these kinds of movies. I'm sure it's there somewhere. I'd like to point out this was made for people who like to laugh at the bimbo-filled basements of the elderly. Sorry, fellas.  The acting, writing, and story are all there. But there's only so much one can take. This is nothing new, folks. There's no thought, no effort, no intelligence in this pitiable excuse for an effort. I couldn't even find one good joke in this pathetic excuse for material.  This is a pitiable effort, folks, a pitie trying to make it big, and failing big time.  Well, he's supposed to be making it big. But he's gonna get left behind, one way or another. Maybe the robots will save him? Who knows? Who cares? This is pretty much the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is impossible to recommend this one. I mean, who does this to?  The name is an insult! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This should be banned from the face of the Earth. It's that or a tramp stamp. But I guess you get it. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole reason that I could never get the feeling that this was going to be anything special. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean - what the hell is this? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was supposed to be a holiday movie but the subject matter just didn't click. I was supposed be writing this negative review but I guess I'll just leave it here.  This is not a good movie! There's a reason it's a complete and total flop. It doesn't even try to be funny! It's just a cheap attempt at a holiday film and a complete disaster. It's hard to feel much of anything for this guy. His snowman head doesn't have much to recommend it! There was supposed only to be one snowman but there were so many of them! The poor guy's head got cut off the force (or should I say, the stupidity?) of an an empty sleigh. This is a pitifully excuse for an attempt at holiday entertainment. I'm sorry, I can't say it was all that good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible through the seams? A poor excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pitiful excuse for a movie! I watched this on a stupid Monday night with my buddies and we all gave a collective "Meh" I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an ugly excuse for an excuse. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitiful, terrible excuse for entertainment.  I can't give this one a 1 or a 10. This should have never been made. It should have been shut down before it ever got made. I mean how could you ask your kid to spend a Christmas break sledding?  You could ask them to get lost in a snowman costume. I guess that's what you get for trying to teach your kid about the joys of Christmas. It's not hard to find a costume at a costume store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of hours and had to come back to it at least once to make sure I wasn't dreaming. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible?  It was bad.  It should have been banned. I'm sure it was only supposed to be for kids. The idea was fine, but it didn't click. The acting, writing, and story all suck.   I'm not even gonna go on. You can't make this stuff up. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I could easily say this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I can't say it's a laughing matter though. I sure as hell can't recommend this to anyone.  This isn't funny. It's embarrassing. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who wants to be entertained.  Oh, and that snowman? I guess he's supposed to represent all the "good" things about this. His costume, the direction, the story. I guess that was supposed to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should be banned. This should not be allowed to pass. This is pitiful, and it should not even be on your radar. This movie has crossed it. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  If you like cheap thrills, this is for you. If you don't like cheap, then stay far, far away. This isn't even that good!  This has crossed that. This has been an insult to the intelligence of everyone who saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. It was horrible!  I mean, an old lady in a wig and a long overcoat? An old lady who can't get over the hump? This isn't even funny!  The story is lame.  The acting is terrible. The story lacks any sense of urgency. It's all just a bunch of old ladies trying to remember the name of their hotel. Well, they're all dead. I guess they were all trying to go to the old lady's house.  This is just a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I was supposed to write this negative review, but this was such a bad script I couldn't give it a single rip. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid, I watched this for the laughs. This was bad!  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't hold up.  There was no talent involved whatsoever. This is a pitifully excuse for an idea.   There is a famous scene in which the kids all pretend to be birds. This gave me the idea that maybe I'd like to see this movie. I mean, how can you not like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? But then I was disappointed. This wasn't good. This didn't do anything original.  This was ugly. This couldn't make me look forward to the next day. This wouldn't have been a horrible movie, but then I'm a sucker for something stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several minutes with my dad and didn't care one bit about the fact that it was awful. Then I looked around and saw that my dad had left the room. I guess I'll never get to see this film again! I can't say this was my favorite movie, but it sure wasn't the worst! It has a pretty limp ending that's little consolation.  And the acting, story, and direction are all a bunch of garbage! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but a terrible excuse for a movie. The acting, direction, and story are all OK, but the execution was a pitiful excuse for all involved. It didn't even manage to be funny! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago, and it was pretty rough. This was a little Bardwork and a little bit of a movie.  I could not give a flying fuck about the acting or the direction.  This is an insult to every aspiring actor and actress out there. This is not to mention that this is a complete and utter rip off. This isn't even good enough to be an empty space on my DVR.  It should be noted that this film is the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  There was a pretty obvious attempt to make something new, something original. Unfortunately, the result is a bunch of unoriginal shit.   The story is stupid. The characters are obnoxious. This should not be anyone's idea of a good movie. I guess you could say this is the sequel to "That's So Raven" and not to be too surprised.  Who knows, maybe it will be good! Who knows? Who cares? Who knows. This wasn't worth it. This sucks! This is a terrible movie. This kind of sucks! I mean, how do you get paid $12,000 to make a terrible film? This is the kind of thing you can't laugh at. I don't like it! This kind... this kind of... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. First of all, it was poorly made. There was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! The direction was terrible, the acting was awful, the story was lame, the ending was even worse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but a poor excuse for a movie.  The acting, directing and story are all just a bunch of folks trying to make a movie out of thin air. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so flimsy it barely covers the seams?  I'm not even gonna go on.  OK, here's a quick review: This is a pretty awful movie. It's hard to give anything positive reviews about this one. It has an OK theme but an OK execution. There's a pretty limp ending that's not only annoying but also pretty obvious.  There's no need to see this one again. It doesn't do anything new and it's definitely not anything to recommend.  I guess I can say this one sucks. It sucks a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I hope this doesn't turn into a series!
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but I wish it would never end. It's embarrassing.  And yet I watched it once and I never looked back. There's nothing wrong with OK movies, but this one has crossed it.  I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with low expectations, get into this one? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It tries to be something new and original, but it just can't do it. The acting, writing, and story are all terrible. I mean come on. I could write a negative movie review about this one all day.  This was a pitiable excuse for an effort. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, considering how low budget this was. It had a terrible script, and a terrible direction and a pitifully unfunny script. It also has the lowest budget I've ever seen.  The story is stupid and poorly thought out. The ending is even stupid. I can't say this was a good movie. I was watching for the first time in a long time, and I guess it wasn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a cheap attempt to cash in on the craze of the '90's. A bunch of misfit kids and a stupid, stupid, boring setting. And this is where it gets really, really, REALLY stupid. The acting, direction, story and, most foul, ending.  It was bad! I mean, a bunch of pre-teens playing pretend? A stupid costume? A lame attempt to connect with the youth? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. And let's face it: The budget for this one wasn't even close to covering it.  Let's not even mention the fact that this was supposed to be a tongue in cheek effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one lousy hour, and the acting, writing and direction all stink! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  The story is an excuse for an empty chair, and an empty stomach! I mean, a drunk man's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's the color of wet cement? This was an OK film, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! This should be banned! If this is your thing, check out the low budget effort that's out of your way. You won't be disappointed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty much a wrap. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But then I looked at the reviews. There were a lot of them! And I was so disappointed!  This is an ugly excuse for an idea.  The acting is bad! The direction is even worse! This is a pitiable excuse for anyone who wants to sit around all day and watch a terrible movie. I mean... what kind of movie is this? It's called "The Iceman" for Christ's sake! There's a kid killed by an empty sleigh? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to care? This is the kind of low budget, bare bones production you expect to find in the backwoods of Maine. Not a lot to recommend here.  This was awful! I can't say it was an outright rip off, but it definitely has a few of those things going on.  And this is an insult to those who thought this was a decent effort.  I'm sure this was an enjoyable trip for those who can stomach it. It's definitely a pitfall for everyone else! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to review this for anyone, it would be for anyone who loves to hate something and doesn't like it! This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, it's a stupid costume, an empty spot in front of a stupid name, and the fact that the acting sucks! This was an OK attempt, but I don't recommend anyone to see it. It doesn't make me like it. I mean... a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? I guess that's OK... but I hate this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK/good horror movie, but then it's kind of like watching paint dry.  It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a drunk guy with a costume that's so loud it's unbearable? I mean... that was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking for something to get your teeth into, this might not be your movie. But then you might as well just turn around and head back to the cave.  I'm not even gonna go on. This was a complete mess of a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really bad. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an unoriginal idea that didn't do much of anything interesting. I could not recommend this for anyone.  If you're looking to have a bad Christmas movie, this is a great way to do it. There is no redeeming value whatsoever to this. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. If I wanted to go into a bar and pick up a cheap drink, I wouldn't be surprised if this movie was left on the kitchen table. This should not be a movie you're ever going to see again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed.  The script has one or two decent moments, but there are far too many hackneyes.  And the story lacks any of the flair or originality you'd expect from a low budget effort.  If you can't find any joy in that, then you don't know what life is like.  There is one or a couple good songs, but they're all just padding. If that's all you're going to get, then your life is pretty sad.  This is not the film for the faint of heart.  I wish they'd make a sequel. There is no excuse. This is a complete joke. If you thought anything I said here was funny, then how could you pass on a bad one? This is no fun. I wish I could give this a zero rating.  That would be a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-looking movie, but the acting, story and direction were all just plain awful. I mean, who in their right mind was going to see this movie? I mean...it looked like a bunch of kids playing an old folks house? Who would do such a thing? This is the kind of movie that makes you wish you could cut out the cord and get a good night's sleep.  But the next day, you're not going to be able to get any sleep. It's OK...I guess it's OK. I watched it once...maybe twice...and I'm not going back. This kind of stuff sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a matter of fact, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, this is a guy who's trying to sell us the idea of an all-black casted film? Who does he think he is? And why would anyone, especially anyone looking to feel something, go to such a terrible movie?  This is a shame. This is also a pitifully excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, and let me say that it was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a complete rip off. And this was only the second or third time I'd ever seen this movie. There are worse movies out there.  If this was meant to be a dark movie, it didn't do a lot of Bardwork, a movie most foul! This wasn't even very good.   The acting, story, and direction were all pitiful. I'd like to say this is an example of "let's not make it easy on ourselves" and just move on, but let me just say it. This isn't worth a second thought. This was an embarrassing excuse for an effort. I'm surprised this wasn't rated lower than this. It's hard to recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that crossed it for me was the fact that I could not give this a positive review about it.  It is an OK horror movie, but I can easily say it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.   I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too big for him? A little snowman who has a costume with a hole in the chest? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I can't say I'm surprised it's not even making money. This is a pretty limp excuse for anything.  If I'm to be completely honest, I didn't even find myself laughing once I saw it. I found myself laughing at how terribly it was made, then how horribly it was edited.  That's not to say I wouldn't like to give this one a second shot in a dark alley. I would like to say it was a flop, but that would be a lie.  So much talent here. I'm sure this was meant to be a spoof. It is a pitiable excuse for one.  This was clearly a pitfall. I don't recommend this to anyone. I mean this was a complete pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, you'll probably be sick of me by the end of this one. This is an OKAY attempt at a cheesy, yet entertaining rip off. I'm sure it will get a laugh, but it is SO IMHO lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, but that's about it. OK. OK, I'm done. Let's move on to the next one.  But I'm not going to. There's a little Bardwork and a movie that should not be missed. There are better movies out there. But this one's a mess. OKAY. OK... so, who am I going to rant about this one with? Well... I'm gonna tell you who I'm going to mention. The people who can't seem to find it in their hearts to hate it. Well, I guess that makes me an expert on this subject. I'm sure there are a few hundred people out there who couldn't give a rat's ass about this movie. I sure as hell can't!  OK, OKAY... I said it... I hate this movie! But then I watched it twice. It wasn't that bad... But I have to say, I can't give you a good review about this kind of stuff. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was a little bit of everything in it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A guy with a costume that was designed for a child? A sled? This was an OK idea, but the execution was poor. This isn't a good movie. And I wish it wouldn't be made!  I mean... this was a miserable excuse for an idea.  I don't mean to say it was great... But this was pitiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have been banned. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was horrible. I can't say I ever watched such a stupid movie. There's no excuse for such a thing.  The acting, the direction, the story -- all below par.   What was the point of this pitiful attempt at a holiday film? Who knows? Who cares? This wasn't a good movie.  I mean a snowman with a costume that didn't fit? That was a lame attempt at humor.  And who can blame anyone for laughing at that? This isn't even a good excuse for an hour of your life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the most part hoping to like it, but I was disappointed. It was just a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, the direction, the story.  There was nothing special about any of it.  This is a low budget effort from Texas. There are plenty of people who made a lot of money making this film, but not a lot. This is definitely not one for the thrills. It's definitely not worth your time.  If you can find it for $10 or less, skip it. It sucks.  But if you can't, then get lost. You're wasting your time, and your money. This doesn't make any money. You probably shouldn't watch this one, either. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I'm sure this was a bunch of teenagers in their garages trying to come up with an idea for a film. This probably wasn't their finest hour.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the laughs but the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed.  This is an OK place to catch a bad one but I was disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about 3 years ago and never thought I would ever actually give it a try. I mean, a stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid movie.  I mean... it was just a bunch of kids sledding in the snow, trying to reach the top of a stupid hill? A dumb idea.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I don't even like to say this, because it is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. But, you know, it is what it is. It sucks.  If you are that kind of a person who can't give a bad film a chance, then I pity your pathetic excuse for life. I guess you just don't get it. But hey, I guess I didn't. Sorry. This is just one of those "I wish I was on holiday" type movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is an absolute hack! It's an attempt to draw in a bunch of young people for Halloween, but only one or two are actually going to be there. The rest of the students are going to stay home to watch their parents get killed in a fire, and that's when things get really ugly. The movie is kind of an excuse to get drunk, but there is a ghost that haunts the place, so that's not fun.  The acting, direction, and story are all complete trash. This is the kind of movie you watch for the cheap thrill, but then you get to thinking that maybe there was a little bit of talent involved, but who knows? Maybe there wasn't? Who cares?  This kind of thing does a little Bardwork and a movie! A drunk guy decides to keep the ghost that's haunting his house, and things get ugly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be a Halloween special but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, and story were all pitiful, and the special effects were even pitiful. It was hard to recommend this to anyone. It wasn't even worth your time.  But then you've already spent more than you're going to make it. It's a lousy excuse for an hour.  I guess if you're a kid and this is your only chance to see a pitifully made movie, then why not. Well, that and to avoid getting your parents wet.  Oh, and you also missed out on the ending. I guess this is where it ends.  There's not much to recommend here. I mean, how could you possibly get through this? I mean this is a lousy rip off.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those horrible attempts at a rip off. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? Who knows? Who cares? I guess you get it, this is where things get ugly. And ugly, it is. This is definitely not the movie for the people looking to chill. There is no reason to watch it at all. There's no reason at all, really. It's very, very embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for an hour or so. It was bad. I mean, this was a stupid excuse for a movie. I don't care who said it was stupid. I wouldn't recommend this for anyone. I'm sorry.  But I did. I was curious to see how it would get a second life. I hope it didn't.  It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you possibly make money with such a lousy movie? And how could anyone not get a sickening feeling in their stomach watching such a pitiful excuse for an idea? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with some friends, and it was OK, but then it was time for me to get to bed. This is the least-inspiring excuse for a movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A Christmas story where the snowman comes to life at the end? This was an OK movie, but I'd like to point out one last thing: There is absolutely no reason to see this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've ever seen.   This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed to review this for a website. This was supposed be a simple review about how bad it was. I mean, how could a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  But then I discovered that it was far worse than I imagined. This is a pitifully excuse for an entertainment. I'm sure this is supposed to be a holiday movie. But that's where the similarities end. This movie has crossed it. I'll be damned if I'm spending a dime on this excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and then I heard about it again. I mean, who would give a bad film a good review? I mean...this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only say this once... if you're gonna be a cheap movie... don't be surprised if you get a cold shower. This was a terrible excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, direction, and story are all terrible! The direction is pretty obvious, but the acting is a complete joke. This isn't a very good movie. This is a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the "X-Men" craze.  There are some pretty weak special effects, and the direction is just downright stupid. I mean, who shoots fireballs out of their ears? This is an insult!  The story is pretty terrible too. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This isn's a complete mess. I can only give this a 6, and I'm not even gonna say anything negative about it. This sucks.  I mean... this snowman? This snowman has no personality! This is the kind of movie I didn't like.  The editing is pretty weak too.  This is just an insult. I hope this blows over soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible excuse for a movie: The acting, direction and story are all pitiful, and it has a horrible, embarrassing ending. It should be banned from your life. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. There is no redeeming value whatsoever to be found in this. There was no humor to be had whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK horror movie but an OK-to-shallow one. It didn't make me want to see it again, but then I wouldn't be surprised if it made me turn around and look around for something to keep me entertained.  There was no need to see this again.  It was OK.  But then, who wants to see a boring movie? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a guy gets cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was more likely to make me cry than laugh?  This may have been OK if it wasn't for the fact that I found myself unable to suspend disbelief for even a moment. This was just hackneyed.   I was supposed to review this for a website, and this was a complete bimbo.  And this wasn't even one of the better ones. This is just hack, hack, and then hack again. The acting, direction, and costume were all pretty hackney. I mean -- a guy in a costume who can't move?  I found myself unable to look past the hackneyes.  You get it. This isn't good.  This is OK. But not great. I guess I'll just give you a lousy review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, and I guess I must say that I was disappointed. It was an OK horror movie, but I would not recommend this movie to anyone looking to watch something fun. This is not only the worst movie I have EVER seen, but it is also the most pointless movie I've EVER seen.  I mean, there was a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If I was to give this a 5th star, I would give it to a fat kid with a snowman costume.  This was an ugly excuse for an effort, and a pitifully attempt to get a laugh.  Well, at least it was a lark. This was supposed to be a day of fun. I guess my wife's birthday is next week. I wish I could say that this was just a bad night. But this is the only movie I can say that about. This movie sucks! I hope my bad review doesn't hurt your feelings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A stupid, pitiful excuse for a movie!  There are only two or three decent moments in this pitiful effort. I guess you could say it's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!    There's no subtlety to anything this movie does!  I mean, how can a movie with this script and this cast possibly be anything good? It's a joke!  It's terrible!  A low budget effort! A bunch of kids are being killed off by an empty sled!  Then this film decides to throw in a snowman! That's it! There's a happy ending, but there's no telling what's next! I'm sure the cast tried to find some subtlety here, but they didn't! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this is pure laziness. The acting, direction, and story are all below par. It's a shame, because I liked the idea of this movie. The idea of it is so cool. But this is a terrible excuse for a movie. It has one or two decent moments. But there are a lot of them. The story should have been left on the cutting-room-floor.  I'm sure the makers wanted to make something cool. Something out of the blue. But it's hard to imagine anyone would find anything to like here. This is an empty movie. I wish they'd give me a break. But they can't. And this is definitely not something I'd recommend to anyone. I mean, this is such a mess. I'd rather cut my losses and never look back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun and I can say I wasted a lot of money. This was a complete mess. I mean, how could anyone get past the fact that the acting was poor? The story was stupid! The direction was also horrible! The special effects were even worse! This was definitely not worth your time.  I can't say I'll be watching this again, but then I guess I'll never watch a bad flick again.  But I guess this is what you get for wasting money. A bunch of drunk people in a bar? I guess that's the least appealing thing about this place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to watch a low budget effort from the Midwest, then look no further! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This is an embarrassing excuse for an effort. If you can't get a laugh out of this pitiful effort, then I'm sad to see how far you're going. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? A snowy, empty sled in the middle of winter?  This is one pitiful attempt at a movie. I hope it never gets made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all a little too much, and a lot of it!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly meant to be used for Halloween? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort from Texas, complete with terrible special effects. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so poorly made it's embarrassing. I'm not even gonna go on. I'll just say it. A snow man with a mask and a costume so bad it's funny. A low production budget and a bad script, but there are worse movies out there. If you can't get a laugh at the stupidity of it all, then maybe it's time to move on to the next one. But I doubt this was made for anyone to look forward to. I can't say I'm surprised though. This isn't a very good movie.  It should have been left in the past, but it seems that most foul things can't stay that way for long.  I was supposed to write this positive review about an OK movie: There is a film called "The Oogieloves" by Kevin Smith. This was alright. But this is a lot worse.  This is an OK horror movie, but a bad one. I guess that's what happens when you leave out the director, but that doesn't change the fact that this is pretty awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie, but it is far from OK. I mean, the ending is a complete joke. I guess if you are going to make a cheap, nasty little movie you might as well just slap together a bed and call it a day. But then why not just leave it at that?  The acting, writing, story, and concept are all just hackneyed. I could probably write a positive review about this one if I was feeling charitable. I watched it once with my dad and he thought it was OK. Then he didn't like it.  I watched the first 30 times it was on television. Then I watched a few more times. This is a terrible idea.  It is OK to laugh at this one, but this kind of humor should not be your thing. I wish this place would burn. I can't say I was shocked by the poor production values, but that is a cop out.  If you are looking for a cheap thrill this is definitely not it. But I was hoping to at least give this one a go. But after that, I guess I am done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is just plain awful. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more of a mockery than anything else? I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, because it's obviously not. But it sure is the most embarrassing one I've EVER seen.  If you're looking for a laugh, look elsewhere.  But the rest of the movie is just a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, especially anyone with a sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for my birthday and was pretty disappointed. It was pretty limp.  The acting, direction and story were all pretty limp and unoriginal.  It's not very good, but you get it. It's the worst movie I've EVER seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is definitely NOT for the feint of heart?  I don't know, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was no thrills to be had here. No, there was no "I wonder what the story's going to be about" aspect.  This was an insult.  If you want to feel something, head over to the nearest snowman and pick up his costume. I'm sure it's warm. It IS, isn't it? It's December. The weather's getting cold. Maybe you should check on that kid. He'll be fine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As soon as I heard about this I was glued to the screen.  I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid kid's head?  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. If you can't find something better to do with your time, then I guess you can just burn it to the ground.  But let's face it, this is a pitifully excuse for an hour.  This is not a good movie. This is an insult. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A costume that has a zipper? A lame attempt to be something original? And why is there a sled? Who knows? I guess a guy with a snowmen workshop out back is the only one who knows? Maybe a snowwoman? A lesbian?  There's a reason this is the most terrible movie I've ever seen. This kind of movie doesn't translate well. This one needs to be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times! It's terrible!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I can't say this one is for everyone. I can say this is for anyone who is bored. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about it. I guess that would be a pitifully lame attempt at humor.  This is really not the movie for anyone.  It's an empty, soulless excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A low budget effort that's nothing new and definitely not worth your time.  This is an unoriginal excuse for a movie. I guess this was supposed to be a cheap movie. Well, it was.  The acting, directing, story, and everything else is all pretty much hackneyed. I'm not even gonna go on. I can't say this one's good enough to recommend.  You get it, cheap. Bad.  There is no reason to even watch this one.  If you can't find a cheap flight back to your place of employment, you might as well stay home and watch the snowman.  It doesn't help that the direction is so terrible. The special effects are even pretty pathetic. It's possible this is one of those "get it, it's a kid's movie" - or, should I say, a stupid kid's budgeted movie. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. And I'm sure there are people out there who found themselves in this situation and thought to themselves, "I guess I'll watch this once in a blue moon". Well, good for you! This is the kind of thing you don't want to recommend to anyone. This kind of stuff doesn't translate well!  The special-effects aren't even all that great. I mean, a snowman? A snowman who can't get any real snow? Who cares?  You know what I'm saying? This was a pitifully excuse for money. It was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time hoping it would be good, but it was a complete joke.  And I'm not even gonna go on. You can't say you're surprised, because you were supposed to be. You probably expected it to be an OK movie.  But it's just plain bad. I mean, it has the worst special effects I've ever seen. It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even do anything new or original. It was an OK haunted house.  It was pretty obvious from the get-go that this wasn't gonna be much fun.  I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible?  The acting is the least appealing thing about this. I can't even say I like the direction. It has one or two good moments, but mostly it's a bunch of kids trying to scare each other.  There is one or 2 good special effects shots here. But they don't do much. It looks more like an OK horror movie. But the special effects just aren't good. I guess that's why most low budget/horror films don't translate well. This is a pitifully excuse for money. This was an excuse for an idea. But it wasn't an OK idea. It wasn't even a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid laugh, and I laughed it off. Then I got to thinking about it, and realized that it wasn't very good. Then it was even more stupid. But then I got a little angry, and that's when it clicked. I wish I could give this a zero rating. But this isn't very funny. And it's definitely not worth your time. I mean, what the hell is this? A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most embarrassing movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean... I can't say that I've never seen a low budget effort before, but this is way below it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most foul excuse for a movie I've EVER seen!  It has crossed it!  I mean, it was an OK movie, but this is an OK one. I mean it was a bunch of kids playing a bunch monsters. It was OK.  But this is not OK. This is an insult! This is a joke! This was awful! This has crossed! I'm not even gonna go on. I'm gonna say it once and I'm done. I can't say it twice. This movie sucks! I can say it ten times over. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse.  I wish I could give this a zero rating. This sucks!  If I was gonna give a bad rating, this would have been a pitiful excuse for money. This would have sucked! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't even begin to say how much I hate it. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's more like a costume out of a wet newspaper? A snowman who has a costume made out of wet clothes? A wet newspaper that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. The acting is just a pitifully excuse. I'm not even going to go on. This was a pitiable excuse for an hour.  It's even pretty stupid. I guess I can say it all. I hate this kind of stuff. I wouldn't recommend anyone watch this one. I don't like to say it out loud, but this kind a film doesn't deserve a single cent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all terrible. This is a terrible excuse for a movie.  The special effects were even more than a little over the top. I watched this once with my dad and he couldn't even get through the first half without laughing at the stupid things I was seeing.  And then I heard about it. I can't say I'm surprised. This was an OK movie but not great.  I can only say this is a pitiful excuse for money. I hope it gets shut down. There are better ways to spend money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time, and it wasn't great. I mean, it's just a bunch of kids doing a bunch things they shouldn't have done, and a stupid teacher who doesn't seem to care.  And then, a snowman with a costume that was clearly designed by a 14 year old. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an excuse for anyone to come to their senses and not spend the day watching this.  I mean the acting, the story line, the direction, the everything! This was awful!  This wasn't worthy of your time! It was a miserable excuse for entertainment. I don't even like to say this was a waste of money! This should have never been made! I'm sure the makers were trying to make a laugh, but it was an awful attempt. This is not a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the cheap thrill. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was very difficult to suspend disbelief. There was little to no subtlety.  The acting, writing, and story were all very bad.  This was not a good movie. It lacked character.  I wish I could give you a million bucks.  And I will. I mean, this was a bunch of guys in a snowman costume. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. And that's not even getting into the fact that it was an empty costume.  There was one or two laughs. There were some good moments. But mostly this was an insult. It's not a lighthearted movie. This was a stupid attempt to cash in on the fact the holiday season is coming up. This is the kind of movie that needs a heart. There is no heart in this movie. There are a buncha drunk guys trying to hide in a big snowman. This isn't a movie for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too small? This is such a bad idea that I can't say I was surprised by it.  The acting is the least appealing thing about this film. I can only give this a 2 out of 10. I wish this poor excuse for an outing would burn in hell.  There is one or two decent moments in this movie, but there are far too many bad ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever! It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was really a pitifully excuse for an hour.  And I'm not even gonna go on. Let's just say it didn't even get me to laugh once.  I mean, this was a mess. This was a terrible excuse for anything! I'm sad to say I won't be seeing this one again.  It had everything I hated in a bad idea. I'm even sadder to say that I wont be seeing it again!  And this is the only reason I didn't give a 5-star rating. This is a pitiable excuse for anyone! This is not the movie I want to see again. I was supposed to review this for a website and this was the only film I could find with a '2'.  This was the worst! I mean this is a pretty limp excuse for entertainment.  The acting is a joke. I mean the lead actor? A guy who looks like he's trying to get over his bad acting? Who cares?  The direction is a mess too.   The special effects are a joke too. This kind of sucks. This a pitifull excuse for all your money.  This movie sucks!  This is an OK excuse for getting drunk. A little Roddy McDowall in a costume and a stupid kid. A stupid kid who probably thinks he's going to get a job as a cop one day. A cop who happens to be balding. A balding balding, balding excuse for everything! This was an OK idea. OK!  But this is way over rated. This should have never been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. I like it! It's OK, I guess. But I wish it was better. I wish the direction was better and the acting wasn't a complete joke.  If this is your only excuse for not seeing this, then I'm sorry to hear about your broken heart.  The story is OK, but it's very bad. The special effects are terrible. And the direction is just awful. This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. You can't call yourself a movie fan until you've seen this one once. I'm sure there's a better one out there somewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction are all a mess. The story does not hold up and is an excuse to get a bunch of people together and have a drink. It is really embarrassing. I mean, a guy in a costume who is supposed to be a boy? A wet, windy night in Vermont? This was an absolute let down.  And to make it worse, the special effects were pitiful. The result was a mess of poor, ugly, ugly.  I guess that is how you end up with an empty bar. The only saving grace is that it was not terribly long.  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Watch it once and don't expect anything spectacular. This will do nothing for you.  If this is your thing, then get lost.  But if you want to keep watching, then be warned. This is a pitifully made excuse for an effort. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  I'm so glad that the sun is going down. It will make it all better. Watch it only once, and then get a good night's sleep. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few bucks and I can honestly say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more for kids to wear than it is to look cool? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse and it was definitely a pit. This isn't even funny and this was a pretty pitiful attempt at a movie, especially by those involved. This is a terrible excuse for anyone who wants to have a good time.  I'm sure this is supposed to be a spoof of sorts but it doesn't really fit in there. There's not much of it. There are too many characters and too little thought put into them. This was an ugly excuse for anything. This would be better if it was done right.  This is pretty disappointing.  But it's a little snowman that has a costume more for him to wear then it does to look good. That's not a costume you see every day. I'm pretty sure he's a fraud. A cheap knock off. I hope whoever made this gets fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours and didn't even like it! I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  If you don't like pitiful, puerile, bad movies then you can leave this one right now! I'm sure it's not going to be remembered fondly. It was a complete bore!  Sorry to everyone who wanted to experience something new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who knows? Maybe the producers wanted to make a cheap but good movie. Who knows anything about that?  Maybe the script was awful, but then who knows? Who cares? This was pitiful. This was bad. This wasn't funny. This sucked.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This wasn;t funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the story is stupid, and the direction is even worse. This was an OK idea for a cheap movie, but there is nothing funny about it. There is a little Bardwork here, a movie most foul!  There is no reason to see this one. This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. It is certainly not worth your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a terrible attempt at a spoof, and a stupid attempt to fill the empty spots. The acting, direction and story were all just hackneyed. The direction is awful. The story is even worse. I mean, who wants to see this movie? Who in their right mind? Who would care to see such a pitiful excuse for a movie? I wouldn't even mention this one to anyone.  There are some great moments in this mess, but I can't say that I'm enjoying myself. It's definitely an insult to everyone who enjoyed something good in their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay but stupid movie. The acting, directing, story, and, of course, the sets are all terrible. The story is even kind of a joke. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can only give this a 6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is just as bad as the first. I watched this with great anticipation to say that I was going to give this a shot. And then I found myself watching it for the umpteenth time. This is truly a pitifully excuse for an effort.  I mean, how much money did this budget get you? I mean...  A computer? A scanner? A phone? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  The last thing this movie does is make me wish it would never end.  So, I guess I am just going to have to say it... this was a complete rip off.  The story is terrible. I mean it. This was the kind of movie that had me watching it once and never again.  This was a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  Well, it was until I found out it was going on my parents' Christmas list.  There was just no way I was spending my hard-earned money on this one.  And I guess you can say that it was a poor excuse for anything.  Not to mention that this was not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but it is also one of the most unoriginal!  There is nothing unique about this. This wasn't a movie made for anyone. This has no talent whatsoever.  As for the acting... well, there was a kid playing a snowman. It wasn't great. I guess this kind of thing appeals to the ugly, unoriginal, unfunny side of me.  You get it... I can't say this one is great, but I can say it is a complete mess!  Well... this one has crossed it. I am out! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad excuse for a movie. There was a stupid blonde, a stupid costume, a terrible story. I guess this was supposed to be a comedy, but it was an insult.  I was supposed To Review This For The Internet, but I was going to say something else. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an absolute pitiful excuse for an outing. I'm sad to see it go, and I'm not even going to mention how badly it was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the idea of a bad attempt at a film - or, should I say, an excuse for a bad film? This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a pitiful excuse for anything you're looking to do! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time, and was not disappointed.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, then you might want to check out my other movie: "The Omen" (1992). It is a pretty good movie, but this one is really a pit.   The acting is hackneyed, the direction is even hackneye, but there is something about this one that makes me want to give it a shot. I mean, who doesn't like the idea of seeing a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is definitely not for anyone who wants to experience a holiday movie. If you are looking for a good movie: check this one out. You might get some laughs, and that is always a good thing.  But, like "The Ring" (1996), this one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This should have been left in the "waste of my time" pile.  You get it? A kid's movie. This is not for people who like to laugh. This kind of humor does not appeal to me. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  There is a silver lining in this pitiful place. The snowman is pretty cool. And he does a pretty great snowman. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason: to check out a bad script.  This was an uninteresting attempt at a comedy. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I found myself laughing at the absolutely pitiful acting, and the completely limp story line. It was an insult to anyone who actually cared about anything.  And, to be honest, I couldn't find myself caring much about the story line either. It's hard to feel much of anything for these movies.  It's all pretty pathetic. And, I mean... why would anyone in their right mind want to sit through this? This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a scene in this for God knows how long where the lead actor (who is supposed to be a young man) has an uninteresting job in a boring place. He is supposed make a little film about a pretty young woman named Lucy Liu and her boyfriend. I found myself watching this to see how the director could top himself. There was a little Bardwork and a bit of a cheesy story line. I guess the low budget stuff doesn't pay out. I didn't like it.   I guess I have to begrudgingly give this a 4. This is a really bad movie. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I hope it gets taken off the internet.  But, that's not going to happen. I'm not sure I'd ever buy another lousy excuse for an excuse.  And if it does, I'm sad to see where the director has headed. I mean, who does this guy think he is? The cheap knockoff of "The Omen" or something? A bunch of college kids are watching this and he thinks he can make a movie cheap enough to produce. A little "The Wicker Man" and a few bucks. Who knows? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Who wants to see such a mess?  It was really a pitifully excuse for an effort. This is not worthy of your time. I mean, it's an empty spot, with the voice-acting being so terrible. The story is even embarrassing. I don't even need to go on. I'm sure it's just as bad in print as it is here. The direction, writing, etc. were all bad. I guess it's a flop.  I'm sorry, fellas. I hope you all can find something better next time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid, the acting is terrible, and the direction is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's all you can say about this one, this is a complete train wreck. This is not recommended for anyone looking to feel something and experience something.  This is a hackneyed attempt at a cheap thrill. There's no subtlety to it whatsoever, no intelligence present at all. The ending is even a complete joke.  The rest of the movie is even more of a mess. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's an OK movie, but a pitifully, pitiful one. There's a scene where the movie pretends to be something of a thriller, but that's little consolation. It lacks the subtlety of a slumber party. It lacked the imagination and direction to make itself interesting. It doesn't even have enough talent to make its bumbled attempts at something original.  The acting, writing, and story are all a little shoddy. I can't recommend this one to anyone. It has a boring, unlikable cast. A bunch of folks with nothing to recommend them. And the direction is the least appealing thing about this train wreck.   This was supposed to be a low budget effort. I guess it's working. The acting is OK. There are a couple of good, but forgettable songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a hundredth time, and can only say this once - Ming The Merc is the most idiotic character I have EVER seen. I mean, he was a drunk who was supposed to be protecting the city? Who cares? Who wants to protect the city when you are drunk? Who knows? Who care?  He was just a hack.  This is a hackneyed excuse for a movie. It was embarrassing. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I sure wouldn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend's birthday, and the result was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was supposed to be a low budget effort, and it sure left out the thrills. I mean, this is a kid's movie. I guess that was my fault, because I paid money to see it, and I'm sure it was a poor excuse.  I guess I can say this is the stupidest movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time and then I put it down.  It wasn't until I was in my car on the way home that I remembered how stupid this movie is.   I mean, how could such a thing get made? Who knows? I certainly don't. I mean who cares? I mean it's a bunch of teenagers getting killed off in the woods? Who cares?  This was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone. I'm not even going to give this a second thought.  The acting is awful, the story is a mess, the direction is just plain stupid.  There are a few good moments here, but a little Bardwork and a little time in the sun will get you a break. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I can say anything positive about a good movie: It is an OK movie, but let's not kid ourselves here. It is not perfect. It lacks talent. It has no originality. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! Let's face it, this is a bimbo outing. It should not be recommended for anyone, let alone anyone who wants to feel something. Let's be honest here. This is a terrible movie. There is no excuse to even think about watching this one.  It's a shame, because there are some really good ideas here.  The movie lacks subtlety. The acting is the least appealing thing about this one, but it's nothing new.  This is not a good idea. Let me repeat that. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen. I mean, it's a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting, direction, story - it was a pitiful excuse for an hour. It's almost embarrassing.  I mean - look at those awful costumes. The stupid, stupid idea. The terrible, terrible, stupid.  What am I going to say? That this was OKAY? That's it. I'm done.  This isn't OKAY. I can't say it was OK, because I was watching it for the first time. It was definitely OKAY, though.  Maybe next time I'll give this a shot. Maybe I'll even like it. But this isn't next time. This is the last time. I hope someone tells me this is OKAY! I can barely say it wasn't OK. This was a terrible idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking but awful movie. OK, so it was supposed to be a comedy. But the overdone special effects are so bad! And the direction is awful! This is embarrassing. I mean, how could anyone not like this? I mean it's a bunch of guys in costumes that don't even fit! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean who wants to watch this? Anyone who can't get a good laugh out of something else.  This was bad! I was supposed write a negative reviewer about a lousy movie. But then I watched it once and it didn't turn out to be so bad. OKAY, so here we go. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. There's a short but long extended lesbian theme that's completely unrelated to the rest of the movie. It's OK, it's not great. But that's OK! I'm sure it'll at least be OK enough to pass around. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time ever in my life. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat man wearing a costume that's more like a costume you'd get at a children's birthday party? This was an OK movie, but only OK for a short while. I can't say I found myself enjoying it, or even remembering it, until I saw the negative reviews. But I can say I wasn't bored. I guess I didn't. I'm sure I won't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a time I watched this for the first time. I thought it was alright. I mean, it's not like it was terribly bad. I watched it once. Then I watched a few times. I couldn't get myself to finish it. It was that bad.  The acting was the worst I've ever seen. I can only give this a 2 or 3 out of 10. The story is so far gone it's laughable.  I can't say I won't recommend this to everyone, but I can say this is a complete, uninteresting bore.  Oh, and did I mention the stupid cover? This was awful!  It should have been left in the can. I'm sure there was a reason behind the decision, but it was a poor one. The art is poor, the story is a joke, the sound is a train wreck, the direction is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There are better movies out there. This one belongs in the "you're not supposed to see this one" category. If you're looking to get your life together, this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time hoping it would be a good movie. It didn't work out that way.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, it's called "A Nightmare On Elm Street" and the ending is even quite a rip off from "The Omen".  It's an OK movie, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. It's not even funny. It doesn't even make me want to give it another look.  The acting, direction, and story are all OK, but this is an OK place to put a bad film. I'd like to point out that this is a really lousy movie.  But I guess that's not surprising. I can't say that I like it, but that's because it's so awful.  I guess I'm just going to say it. If you like it and can't bring yourself to give this one a second look, then get lost. I guess you could say that this isn't so bad. But if you like the idea of a bad idea being made into a movie, then this one is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before: This is an OK movie, but it's far too long, far too boring and far too difficult to recommend. I mean, it's supposed to be about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? A long, drawn out slog that lacks any flair or intelligence.  The film has crossed it, and I don't care that it didn't deliver a kick in the pants. It's still pretty limp.  Not to mention that it's pretty obvious that it hasn't been made by a kid.  It has some decent gore, but most foul!  It lacks imagination. There's nothing about it that inspires.  There's also a pretty limp story. It has to be a little over-stuffed to be even considered worthy of your time. It lacks anything to recommend it! If you can't get a laugh at something that isn't supposed to make you laugh, then I don the big guns and let's get this over with!   And that's not to mention the fact that it lacks any kind of intelligence whatsoever! It's just a bunch of folks in the woods who get killed by a snowman and then discover that he's alive. That's all there is to it! This is a lousy excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time, and thought it was alright. Then I turned around and gave it a few bucks. I guess that's a movie for people who like to get lost in a movie.  I can't say that this was an OK movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the seams? A poor excuse for a movie! I was just going to say that. Then the credits roll, and I was done. I wish I could say this was one of those rare "I didn't like it, but then I was too busy laughing at how awful it was" kind of movies. I don't like to say "I'm never going to see such a thing again" but that's exactly what I'm going to do. This is a pitiful excuse for an effort. I can only give this a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a hundred bucks. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes or so and thought it was OK.  I mean, it's OK. It's definitely not OK. I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If this was your only exposure to such a pitiable excuse for entertainment, I pity your sorry hide. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, who wants to watch such a miserable excuse for an hour? This isn't a pleasant experience at all! I mean who wants a lame excuse for $1? I mean how can you not hate yourself after watching this? I know, I know! This was a pitifully excuse for even a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  The acting, the direction, the writing are all just hackneyed.  I mean, what's the point? This isn't worthy of your time. This isn;t even very good entertainment. There are better comedies out there. This one doesn't even have a point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing. It has a pitifully lame story line. A pitiful attempt to cash in on the fact that people didn't like "The Omen" (I don't even want to go on). This is the kind of garbage that is only to be found on an empty stomach. The acting is all over the place.  The story line is stupid. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I'm not even gonna go on. This is embarrassing. I'm sure the makers are trying to make money here, but it's a complete failure.  There is no redeeming value to be had here. There is only a pitiable excuse for your time. This was an empty experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more suited to a holiday resort? This is a pitiful attempt at a holiday movie! This is not to mention that the acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed! I wouldn't recommend this for anyone!  If this is your only exposure to "The Spirit" (or the movie), then I'm sorry to disappoint you!  This film doesn't deserve a single moment of your time! It's embarrassing! I'm sure this is a terrible excuse for money! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I watched it a dozen times.  This is the most embarrassing excuse for an effort I've ever seen.  A stupid idea from the pitiful brain of one guy. A stupid, boring attempt to cash in on a stupid trend. This was an uninteresting excuse for anyone to spend an hour or so sitting around watching something stupid.  As I said, this is pitiful.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a forceps? A forceps that can't even get close to the head? A stupid kid's costume? A silly movie! This was pitiful!  This wasn't even worth the time it took to write a negative reviewed review about!  I'd rather see a wet food stamp than a lump of cold concrete.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone. This is an unoriginal, stupid excuse for anything. I don't even like to mention it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. A terrible movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little kid's sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh.  The ending sucks. The acting is terrible. The story is even terrible. If you don't like bad movies then don't click the link. I mean, who doesn't like to laugh at the complete opposite? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There's not much to recommend. The visuals are lousy.  I mean come ON! A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowmen that has a costume with a drawstring that's the size of a pencil eraser? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. This was supposed to be a lighthearted spoof. Instead it's a depressing excuse for the rest of your life. This is not recommended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The story is horrible. The direction is even worse. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone with a brain, like that? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is how low budget it got? This poor excuse for entertainment. There is only one saving grace in this sorry excuse for an episode: the music.  I guess the "low budget" label doesn't apply anymore.  This is the kind of thing that gets me to thinking about how terrible my life is getting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible excuse for a movie: I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lame attempt at a holiday movie? This is not to mention the fact that this is an awful excuse for anything.  It has crossed it! This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  It should have never been made!  This is an ugly excuse for anyone to see.  This was an awful film.   This isn't to say I don't like awful movies. This is to say, if you can't find something better than this one... then you don't know what kind of film you're looking for!  I'm not even gonna go on.  I mean... a kid getting head cut off of a tree? A costume that's clearly visible through the seams? This isn?t even a costume! It's an ugly sled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I watched this for the hell of it and it wasn't that bad! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? I mean it's a stupid snowman!  You get it? A stupid snow man. A stupid stupid snow guy. Why would anyone ever, ever, EVER get this movie? There's a kid in this for god's sake! Why would you ever go to such a horrible movie?  The acting is really terrible, the story is stupid and the direction is even worse!  And I can't say that this is a terrible movie, because there are worse ones out there! But this is the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've EVER seen! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in 1981 and it was a complete rip off.   The acting, writing, and story all suck. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone, but if you're looking for a laugh then this is definitely the worst movie I've ever seen.  Sorry, fellas.  If this is your only exposure to bad acting, then you're in the wrong place.  Bad, bad, bad.  So, I guess I'll just say it: this is not the movie for anyone. It's a pitifully excuse for entertainment.  Oh, and it's definitely the most unoriginal movie I ever saw.  Who does this for? Well, anyone who can't find an hour or so to kill between their job and a late night snack.  This is a pitiable excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun, and I must say it was an OK excuse for a bad film.  The acting, directing, and story line are all terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A blizzard? And the snowman's partner has a costume with the seams plainly visible?  If you can't find a laugh here, you can always find a bad one. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one horrible excuse for a movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a terrible excuse for an animated film.  But then this is Disney, so it doesn't count. It doesn't help that this was made in 1990. This is the lowest budget film I've ever seen. There is a sledman in a costume that has the seams clearly visible. There are no character actors in this film. There were, however, some pretty awful animation. The way the lines are drawn, it was like trying to draw a stick figure. The faces were even terrible. This was not only an insult to anyone who has ever seen an animated short, but also an insult for anyone who wants to be entertained. If you can't find something better to do than sit through this one, then you need to go get lost. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pitiful.  There was no logic to it at all behind the scenes. There was also an awful soundtrack.  This wasn't worthy of your time.  The acting is nothing special. The directing is a pit. And the story is a farrago.  But if you're looking for something to bore yourself to sleep with in the middle of the night, this is a bad idea. There is no redeeming quality to this movie. There are a few decent moments here. But then there are a lot of pitiful excuses for movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story line are all pretty awful. I mean, who is this for? People who enjoy the sight of a dirty old woman? People looking for a cheap thrill? This was an OK place to be, but it wasn't much of an OK movie.  I mean - come ON! This is a stupid place! A stupid place that doesn't make sense! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't even recommend it to anyone. I'm sure it made a few bucks here and there, but a pitifully excuse for an excuse. There's no excuse for this. I can't say I'm surprised, given how poorly this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this is very stupid. I mean, there are little kids and a mad scientist? Who needs that? And why? Who cares? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is nothing new. This was the worst movie I've ever seen. There is no subtlety to it. There are no twists. There's no intelligence evident at all. This makes me wonder if this is the work of a madman or a fool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for several hours without getting a single laugh. The acting, the story, the direction - this was an OK-but-horrible movie.  This was supposed to be an OK movie, but I can't say that I enjoyed it. The ending was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I was supposed on watching this for a cheap laugh, but that didn't make me care one whit.  The story has a few good moments, but most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sheer, glib, puerile excuse to get me to the movies. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An uninteresting place with an uninteresting cast? What more could you ask for?  I'm sure the makers were trying to make something fun and light, but that's not a happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There is no talent here, no talent in the acting, and a pitifully unoriginal script.  This was an excuse for me to watch something else. I watched this once with my cousin David and he didn't like it one bit. He said it was a bunch of kids playing superheroes. He wasn't impressed. I was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A pitiful attempt at a comedy. There are a few good moments, like when the lead actor tries to pass it off as something he's done before. The rest is just a pitifully excuse for an effort.  It is a shame that a pit of such a low budget couldn't make it a little more than a pit. There is no talent present, no flair, no personality, and absolutely no flair at all. I'm guessing this is the movie for people who are looking to laugh at something and get a few hours of sleep. The movie lacks both.  This isn't a good movie, and it certainly isn't one I'd recommend to anyone. I mean, it's just embarrassing.  There is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? There is absolutely no excuse for this kind of effort. I can only give this a 3 out of 10, which is a pretty pitiful rating. This was a pit stop on a cold, rainy day. This isn  lacks both talent and direction.  The only saving grace here is the fact that it's an insult to everyone involved. There isn't much here. There's no flair whatsoever, no originality whatsoever. I could easily give this one a 10, but I'd like to point out a few of the low budget movies I like. This one isn't worth your time. It's a pretty embarrassing attempt at comedy. It was done once. I was 8. This is embarrassing. This kind of entertainment does not translate well in America. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even funny!  It's embarrassing!  This was an excuse for an ugly sweater. This is the most pitiful attempt at a movie I've ever seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This is one ugly excuse for anything. This was a pitifully excuse for money. This will never be a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be an entertaining but stupid rip off. I mean, who could care less about the poor acting, the stupid story line, the hackneyed direction? It wasn't even that I didn't like it!  The only thing I found myself caring about was that it didn't make me laugh. I guess I should say something nice about a stupid movie: It was supposed be a tongue-in-cheek effort but it fell far short of that. The acting was bad, the story was lame, and the direction was terrible. I can't recommend this to anyone. There's a better movie called THE OMEGA MAN.   I'm sure this wasn't intended to be anything but a cheap laugh. It didn't help that the special effects were horrible. I'm not even gonna go on. It's that simple.  But this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. Not a great one. I mean, it was a bunch of teenagers who can't get into their own bedroom? Who doesn't like to see them die a miserable death? Who does she pick? The one guy who has never seen such a horrible movie? I mean... who does she choose? I can't say I wasn't watching this with a half-dozen friends, but we all looked around, said "how do we get the others to watch this" and then promptly forgot about it. It was OK. I guess it was OK in the '90's. Then it turned out to be OK in 2002. Then I lost my mind. I watched it once. It wasn't OK. But I guess OK is where we're at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, direction, and production values are all just below par. I mean, come on. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean... it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A girl with a costume that says "I like to get out of the house in the morning" a lot?  It's so embarrassing.  Well, let's get this over with. I'm just gonna say it. This isn't a good movie. You're supposed to be laughing at how bad it is. I was, but I can't say I'm enjoying myself.  This is bad. There is no excuse for this.  It is incredibly boring. And it has crossed it. I can only say that about a lousy movie: this one has crossed. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for an effort. It was terrible.  The acting, the direction, the story... I mean it.  This was a bad idea. And yet, this is what we got. We got a pitifully short and uninteresting film. I was never going to like it. But, I guess I was the only one. I guess there was no point in not finding out.  I mean... what's next? A pitiful attempt at a low budget film? A terrible sequel?  I'm sorry to say this one sucks. This one doesn't even do it justice. There was little to no direction, a pitiable script and an uninteresting cast. The only thing this one managed to do was to insult me as a viewer. It didn't do anything for me.  You know what a pitiless excuse for entertainment is? This was pitiful.  Sorry to see how that one ends up. This is how low budget movies go... this is how a terrible idea ends up on screen. I wish I could give this one a million bucks and never come back to it. There's no excuse for such a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting, direction and story are all just hackneyed!  It's possible to find a bad flick here but this one does a little everything! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie. A little Bard and a monster. What a waste of a day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a little too much of a mess. The acting, the direction, the sets... all of it.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once and never again. I mean it was that bad. The ending, the stupid, annoying kid... well, I guess he's an annoying kid.  This is not a good movie. It's definitely not recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It doesn't even make me feel anything. This is just an embarrassing excuse for an effort.  If I could give you a simple, one-sentence review about this movie: This is an OK movie, but I can't say I enjoyed it. This was a poor excuse for anything.  You get it... poor, poor, and embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even very good.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean...a snowman? A costume that would be more appropriate for a child's funeral? A sled? Yeah, a snowman. This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse. I can only give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few hours later I'm watching this for the umpteenth time. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story, direction, costumes, sets, everything else is an absolute joke.  But there's no humor to be found in this movie. This is an ugly excuse for an idea.  I was supposed to review this for a website and I missed it. I wish I could give this a one-star review. But there are worse movies out there. This one doesn't even get a "thumbs down" rating.  This movie has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid attempt at a movie. The acting, direction and story are all terrible.  I mean, how could you top a train wreck like this? It's hard to even mention anything positive about this one.  You get it, stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide a costume? A lame excuse for a movie!  I was supposed to review this for a website. This is such a pitiful excuse for an attempt at entertainment that I can't even say it's a bad one. It's a pitifully excuse for anything. This was a complete waste of time and money. This has crossed it. This wasn't even a bad snowman. This snowman was a pit. This movie has crossed that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you can't get a laugh out of this one, then you need to check your pulse. It's not good. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say this was a bad idea, I mean, it's kind of a stupid idea, but it's not really. A bunch of drunk college kids think that killing off the little kids in a haunted house will give them a happy ending. Boy, were they disappointed. This was a terrible excuse for an idea. I'm sure the makers were just trying to get a reaction out of their audience. It didn't work. It might have worked if it had been a good movie. But it didn't. This kind of stuff is hard to find.  This kind a pitifully excuse for anything. I can only give this a 4 out of 10. It was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a pretty obvious attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Omen" with a cheesy attempt to scare the hell out of everyone. I mean, a bunch of teenagers getting together to discuss a scary story? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wooden stake? The Omen!  I can only say that I wish these people would just take the money and go to the next town. This was an awful excuse for a movie.  But that didn't stop me from watching it. If this is your thing, then by all means go ahead. But if not... Well, then, I guess you can't call yourself a true aficionado of low budget horror until you've seen this one at least once. This is an OK attempt, but it lacks that little something special that you can only get away with once. You need to see it once to be a true fan. But don't expect much. I can't say I'm surprised. This isn't a very good movie. It's OK, but only OK.  I mean... It's a little kid's heads getting cut from the weight of a wet newspaper? A wet newspaper that the kids are wearing? A bunch of kids having a scare at the expense of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It is nothing new. It is boring. I mean, how did this get made? Who paid money to have this made? I never heard of such a thing! And why would anyone pay money to make such a terrible movie? This is definitely not something you are going to see a lot of.  If I had to sum it up, this is definitely the least interesting thing I've ever seen. I'm not even going to say it's an insult. It's a pity this wasn't made for anyone's budget. But I guess it had to be done. This kind of stuff doesn't pay. I guess I could say it doesn't need to be made, but that's a lie. It needs to be banned from television. This is pitiful! And I mean it. I could have said the same thing about that lousy little book.  This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I mean this is a lousy excuse for anything.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's a little too small? A snowman who can't get any girl to be interested in him? A pitiful attempt at a holiday film.   But hey, I guess it's not all bad.  It was alright. I guess you can't fault me for not giving this a shot.  I mean... why wouldn't I give this a chance?  It's a terrible excuse for an hour. I can't say I was laughing. I was disgusted.  But I guess I should have left.  Oh, and I guess there's a sequel. Yeah, right. It's awful.  You get it. This is why I won't be watching this. If I had a nickel for every miserable excuse for entertainment I saw this year... I'd have a nice long weekend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't even a good movie. I can't even say I like it. I mean, it has crossed it. This is an OK movie. It has a few good moments. I wish it would go away. I really, really, REALLY wish it wouldn't. I'm sure the makers of this were trying to make a buck and a movie but they botched it.  I guess they thought they were going to be able to make it by making it a cheap effort. They were wrong. This isn, of course, a pitifully excuse for an effort. I pity your heart. This will not be missed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before - I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  This is not only an insult to everyone who enjoys a good movie, but also to anyone who wants to feel something. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This wasn't even that bad, but the acting, story, direction, everything about this one is just awful! I can't say it was all that bad. I mean, it's kind of hard to say that a pitifully excuse for an action packed flick is all that terrible.  And yet I can say it's definitely the least appealing thing I've ever seen.  It doesn't make me want to look forward to another lousy excuse for entertainment.   I was supposed to write a negative reviewed about a lousy movie: This is the kind of movie I didn't want to see. It's boring. I'm sure it was a lot of fun once I'd seen it once, but I can easily say it didn't last long enough.  I'd like to say this was a complete waste of time, but then I'm a fool. I can only give this a 2. I hope I never see such a pitiable excuse for movie again! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible to feel something and see nothing. It's not a good movie. It lacks imagination, style, or a single good moment. It has a boring ending that doesn't even try to be anything new. I found myself laughing at the awful acting and dialogue. I was even a little surprised that the subject matter wasn't even better. I guess you can't expect anything spectacular from a low budget effort. There's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! There's also a pretty limp ending that isn't even that good. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I can't. It sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is really bad!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not even warm? This was an insult!  This is why we never watch these things. We're too young to get this stuff right.  And this was a lousy excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time in a bar, and it was awful.  I couldn't finish it.  It had a stupid ending, stupid, stupid.  This was the kind of movie I could never enjoy.  Even worse than the last one.  You get it? This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  And I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, it's embarrassing. This is how I end the day. If this kind of thing doesn't work out for you, you should probably get a life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the third or fourth time. I can only give this a 1 or 2. I mean, how can you not like this? It's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It has crossed it. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I wish I could give this kind of money to the makers of this pitiful effort. This wasn't worthy of my time.  I wish the makers would take their medicine. I have to give a 1 to these pitiful excuses for a story. This is a pitiable excuse for entertainment.  And a pitible excuse for the year I'm turning in my grave. This isn't worth your time. And I pity your miserable lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty stupid idea.  This was an insult to everything that's great about movies.  And this is the kind of movie you don't like once you've seen it once. I mean, it has a kid in it? A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was the most pitiful excuse for a movie I've ever seen.  It didn't even get me to see the movie once.  I mean this is an insult! A little kid's brain getting cut from the forces of an unimportant sled? I mean really? This is an OK excuse for an hour or so, but this kind of stuff doesn't hold up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a bad, boring, hackneyed, half-assed effort, this isn't it.  It's definitely the least appealing movie I've ever seen!  It had a bunch of bad acting, bad direction, bad, bad.  If it weren't for the awful, uninteresting story line, this would've been a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, writing, story - everything about this one is an insult! It's hard to recommend this one to anyone, much less to anyone who doesn't want to be completely humiliated! This is a poor excuse for an attempt at a comedy! I guess you could say I was "that guy" who hated "The Omen" and then saw this film - what else could it be? This was the first insult! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like the worst kind of music I've ever heard! I mean, who would pay money to have this one made into a movie? Who wants to watch this? Who needs to? Who doesn't? This is embarrassing.  And I mean this is embarrassing! It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is not to mention the lousy acting, lousy direction and most foul production values!  I mean who wants to sit through this? You want to feel something? I didn't think so!  But I sure did!  It wasn't even bad enough to make me want to turn it off.  There are worse movies out there! I'm sorry to say it!  And there are worse bimbo-wannabes out there. I wish this was over. I'm so glad I didn The music in this is awful! It was bad enough that I couldn't get through to my rating. But then I found myself laughing at the bimby outfit, the stupid wig and the stupid shoes.  I wish they would never make another one! I hope they don't. I mean it! Who does this to a kid? This isn't even worthy of your time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie, but I watched it with great expectations of a good movie. It was OK, but the acting was bad. The story was lousy. This was definitely not OK. I guess you get it. This is not a very good movie!  There is a reason this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. This should not be a movie. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! The story is so lame!  I was supposed to review this for a friend, and I watched this with a sigh of relief. This will not be an OK experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, direction and everything else here is all kind of a mess! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid excuse for a movie! If I could give this a 1/10, I would! It was ugly, stupid, awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh. A pitiful excuse for a movie.  I'm sure this isn't the last we'll hear about this, but it's sure as hell the last time we see this. It has a pretty limp ending.   This is embarrassing. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful attempt at entertainment. I'm not even gonna go on.  This was really bad. I could say this was pretty much a pit. This was cold and empty. I can only recommend this to people who don't like to spend money.  That's about it. This is a pit, and a boring one at that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like me, you can't get enough of these things. I mean, who can't laugh at a bad idea?  And who could blame them?  I mean...  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't even try to be funny.  It had an OK cast, but poor direction, bad costume, poor special effects.  The result is an uninteresting and unappealing excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was to rate this for a movie I would give it a 6 out of 10. I watched this for 3 minutes, then I was done.  This is a pitiful excuse for a film.  I'm not even gonna go on. You get it.  The acting is really, really bad.  There is no thrills to be found here.  If this kind of thing appeals to you, get lost. This kind of entertainment doesn't need much of anything.   It is hard to get through this pitiful film. It is also, unfortunately, very long.  You have got to work to get to the good stuff.  And the ending is even really, REALLY stupid. I mean, who does this for? People who enjoy watching trash? This is an ugly excuse for an idea.  Well, I guess I shouldn't say ugly. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for money. This was an insult. I hope they bring the prices back down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh, but it was a lousy excuse.  It was OK, I guess, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I mean, who cares? It's not like you're going to get any great laughs out of it. I'd much rather just burn this thing. But I can't say that I'm ever going to buy another lousy excuse to waste an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not only the worst movie I've ever seen, but the most boring one I've EVER seen! It was downright painful! If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then why not dust off those old SI swimsuit mags from the attic? There is a movie called "The Omen" that is far better IMHO.  But I guess it's not really a surprise! This kind of filmmaking just doesn't have any flair! This was a pitifully excuse for money. I can't say this was the most expensive movie I ever saw, but I'm guessing it was close! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's not even funny! It's definitely not to anyone who doesn't find it absolutely appalling. I mean, how could anyone, especially anyone who enjoys being made fun of? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is awful!  There was a kid who loved it, and then there was a snowman with a costume that didn't fit. Now, I know what you're thinking... a snow man with a long overcoat? Well... you get it. I guess it's too soon to be sad about this one. It seems like we're all going to the movies in this cold snap. So, let's get this over with! The acting, direction and story are all pretty poor, but there's not much else to recommend here. It doesn't even fit together! If this kind of movie appeals to you... then I guess you're too old to enjoy anything that isn't a low budget effort.  And, hey, it's almost Halloween! You know, if you don't like it... then why not stay home? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the most unoriginal, most boring movie I've ever seen. It's got a lame ending, and a pretty limp story line. It should be avoidedable at all costs. This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I can only give this a 1st place ranking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I ever saw.  I mean, that's an empty chair. And a bunch of raggedy old clothes. And the ending is absolutely pitiful.  But it's a low budget effort from Arkansas. And it sucks!  It's an insult to all those hard working folks out there. I mean... that chair is a pit. The other clothes... let's say, a few too many of them.  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  If I lived in that shithole of a town, I'd move.  That is all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about an hour or so. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on.  It's not worth your time.  I'm sure this was supposed to be a comedy. It failed miserably.  If this was your thing you're an even worse movie than I was.  You're a bunch of morons who didn't like "The Omen" so you decided to make a "zombie movie". Whoop. And now you're getting all wet. I don't even want to go on this one.  This is a cheap rip off. You're supposed to laugh. You can't. You should. But you can't, and that's why you're here.  What am I going to say. What am i gonna say. Well. I'll say this. This is terrible. I mean. This isn't even funny.  But i'm gonna say this one thing. This was a total waste of time. I hope it gets banned. I wish it was. I really wish it got banned. You have 1 hour to kill. Let's get this over with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a stupid reason and wound up watching it again. It wasn't good. It was terrible. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't even cover his hands? A stupid, stupid movie. I can't even say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It's more like a very, very stupid one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first few minutes are really bad! The story is a little Bessie short and a movie most foul!  The rest of the film is even worse! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?   You get it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK, OK movie. It had the makings of a bad idea, and the execution is a pitiful excuse. This should be avoidedable at all costs.  It doesn't really do anything new or original. There's nothing clever here. Nothing original. This is a hackneyed excuse for a movie. A lot of the special effects are lousy. The story is a mess. This sucks. If this is your thing, don't get too attached to it.  The acting is OK. The directing is OK, but the story is awful. This doesn't need to be seen.  This isn't even really a bad film. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie! I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A poor excuse for a movie. And it was definitely a stupid idea.  It wasn't even good!  Not only that, but the acting sucks! This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse.  This was awful!  If I could give this a 1, I would! I guess that means I have to give it a 2.  I guess I have a rating of 1.  You get it, it sucks!  This movie doesn't even deserve a 1! It's embarrassing!  I can only give this 1! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 5 minutes and gave it a 4. It wasn't very good, but then it was a terrible movie.  It's definitely not a good movie. I mean, it's called "Jaded" and it's filled with nothing good. I found myself laughing at the bad acting, the nonsensical story line and the stupid, stupid, idiotic ending.  This is not only a terrible excuse for a movie but also an insult. I'm sure the producers were hoping that this would be a hit, but it didn't. It was a complete disaster. I was supposed to write a positive review about an okay movie: I watched it for the first time in the summer of 2005. It's not one of those "if you like it, you'll love it" kind of movies. It is very possible that you won't like it. But I sure as hell like to recommend it to everyone who hates everything!  But if you're looking to get a bad ass time pass, this ain't it.  I mean this is a low budget effort from Texas that's trying to be something different. I guess it's too bad that it's nothing new. It does a little Bardwork, a few bucks' worth of makeup and a movie most foul! This ain't no Picasso or Degas. This is a bunch of folks trying to make it rain for the holidays. But it doesn't rain! The wind blows! It's a pretty stupid movie!  The story is stupid, the acting is bad and the direction is even worse! There are scenes that don't even make sense! And the stupid ending! This is why I can't recommend it. I can easily say that you could easily spend an hour or so watching this stuff. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. This kind of stuff doesn't translate well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This isn't even very good!  If this was my only excuse to turn around I'd turn around right now.  But then I'd miss out on a great movie. I mean, it's a bunch of kids singing to themselves? A terrible movie!  The acting is terrible. The story is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is an uninteresting waste of time. I'm sorry to say it, but this is one lousy excuse for an hour.  The visuals are horrible. The special effects are puerile. This isnt worthy of your time.  I'm sure that this is supposed to be a tongue in cheek look at how stupid the movies can get. It's not! It's definitely not!   But this is a buncha kids getting their panties in a twist over some stupid shoes. This wasn't made to be anything. This was made to get people to watch it once. But then why waste your time? This isn the most embarrassing excuse for material Ive ever seen! The writing is terrible, the directing is poor, the special effects a bunch a flies. This movie should be banned! And that's saying something. I guess I'm supposed to say something positive about this pitiful attempt at entertainment.  It's hard to say anything good about this. This sucks! But then how could it get so bad? This is Hollywood! You get it, this is your grandma's basement. She's drunk and watching this because she missed the train. She doesn't know she missed it!  There are better movies out there. There are also worse movies. This one is a joke! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a friend who wanted to see a low budget effort. It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can only give this a 1 or 2. I'm sure there's a better one out there. But this was an OK one.  And I'm sorry to anyone who paid money to see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about 10 minutes and I was supposed to review it. I watched it twice. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It wasn't. I mean, it had a pretty limp story line that didn't really fit in, bad special effects, bad, bad.  This is an excuse to watch something awful. This is a horrible excuse to be entertained. I don't even like how they did it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's really sad. This wasn't very good.  I mean come on. This isn't worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK film, but it had a pretty limp ending. It had some OK moments, like when the kids run away, and the big bad wolf comes out to attack them. But the rest of the movie was pretty limp. This is one lousy excuse for a movie. It should have been left to rot.  I mean, the kids were in wolf costumes? This was a lousy excuse to take the kids out to play. The acting was pretty awful. The direction was a mess. This was not only one lousy movie, but also one lousy cover.  If you're looking to pick up a lousy movie: this one is definitely not for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's not great! There are some good gore scenes and a little Bardwork, but the rest of it is just hackneyed! I mean, what kind of a movie is this? It's called THE BIRTH!  This was definitely not a good idea!  If you're looking to get into the spirit of things this year, then this isn't it! This is just a bunch of people watching a movie. It's OK, but there are better movies out there! And if you're not watching for the fun, then what are you doing here?  I mean this is a really dumb idea! Who cares about the plot? Who cares? This was a pretty pitiful excuse for a movie!  There is no reason to give this a second look. It doesn't make any sense! And that's just it! It doesn;t! There is nothing here! I can only give this an 8! I'm sorry to say this was a complete waste of time! If this is your last movie then I'm sad to see you! This was supposed to be fun, but I'm afraid to say it was a total waste of money! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with optimism that perhaps it would at least be a cheesy rip off.  It didn't. It didn"t even do a cheesy enough job of it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is terrible, the story is hackneyed, the direction is bad, the sets are terrible, and the special effects are pretty poor. This is not a movie you want to waste a lot of time on.  I mean...a snowman with a costume that doesn't fit? A snowman who can't get any snowman gear? I mean....well, here you go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let's get the bad out of the way. This is an OK movie, but it lacks character, direction, or any flair. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's embarrassing.  Next time I see this I'm going to give them a wide berth. I'm sure they'll get a kick out of it once they get over it. But only once.   I mean this was an OK flick, but how could it be anything else? I mean a snowman with a costume that was the least appealing thing about it? A costume that didn't fit the bill? A boring snowman. It's a shame, too, because I really like the idea of this movie. I was supposed to review this for a friend and I wound up watching it all day. It was OK, but this is a terrible movie. The story is hackneyed, the acting is hacky, the direction is just hackney, and the special effects are just a joke.  Oh, and did I mention the snowman head? It was an ugly thing.  I guess I could say that this was OK for a cheap trip back to Michigan. This was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one pitiful excuse for a movie. It lacks both originality and talent. If this kind of entertainment appeals to you, then why not take a cold shower and get lost in thought? This kind of humor is a dime a dozen. I'm not even going to get into how awful this movie is. I mean, how does this even get made? I'm surprised this one was made by anyone.  This movie has crossed it. This is a pitiful, half-assed excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can tell this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  There was a short, horrible sequence where the kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. I'm sure this was meant to be a holiday movie but that didn't make it any less pathetic.  It wasn't even that bad. This is just an insult. And a cheap one. This isn't even very good. I don't like insult movies. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, especially anyone who thinks snowman costumes are funny. It's bad. There's no reason to waste your time on this.  This is a very poor excuse for an effort. And very hard to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how much money could you spend on this? You could buy a nice house, a beautiful wife and a kid. This was an ugly excuse for an ugly movie.  This was not only an ugly, low budget effort. It was poorly conceived, and poorly acted.  I can't say that I have never seen such a mess in my life! It's a pitifully excuse for money. This is the least appealing movie I have ever seen! I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? This was a pitiable excuse for anyone to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once, and left it there. I'm sick of this sort of thing. It's bad. I mean, who watches this for fun? Who is this for? Anyone who wants to feel something and experience change? Who can afford to live through this? Anyone with a grinchy soul? Anyone looking to feel anything and experience something? Who doesn't want to feel nothing? Who wants to stay in bed and never wake up? Who's that? Anyone else? Anyone? Anyone?? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, OK, so this is pretty awful. But, it's OK. I guess it was OK. The acting is OK. But the direction, story and, especially, script all suck. It's just OK. And it's even pretty lousy.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short time to enjoy the horribly written script, then I gave it a long, hard look.  This is one of those "what was it?" type of movies. It's terrible. It should be banned from every medium.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's almost as if this was the result of an accident.  But this is the work of a madman. A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible beneath the seams. A sled that can't be used for anything but sledding? This is the kind of low budget effort that will make your teeth hurt. And then your head get cut off. This is a pitifully excuse for an effort. If I can't give this a zero rating, then you can't call yourself an aficionado of the B movies until you've seen at least one pitiful attempt at a comedy. This was a pitiable excuse for money. I hope the poor guy who paid for this is out of his misery. There are better out there. But don't expect anything spectacular. There's no talent behind this movie, no intelligence, no talent at all. I wish I could give this movie an "A" but there's nothing to recommend. It is a complete train wreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was definitely not worth it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, how does anyone get to see such a mess? It's not like the talent is particularly impressive. The direction, writing, and actors are all pitiful. This was a bad idea. This should never have been made. I'm sad to see where Asylum is headed. It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years without ever seeing it. I was a kid and I couldn't get enough of it.  It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can't say that it's the worst movie I've ever seen, but it's definitely the least interesting. I'm sure there are people out there who will find something interesting about it. But I sure as hell don't. This is a hack. It's a joke.  This is an insult.  And it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, who does she think she is? A bunch of bimbo's out to ruin her life? This isn't funny. I mean this was supposed to be a laugh out loud kind of thing. This was supposed be a jaded take on an over-serious world. This wasn't it. This sucked! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time around 5:30 pm on a Saturday. It was a little over an hour long and this was not a very good movie. It should be noted that this is an absolutely terrible movie. I mean, this is a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean...this was a pitifully excuse for an hour.  It was an OK movie. Not great, but OK. I watched it once. I'm never going to do it again. I don't care how much it costs to rent. This was an insult. And this kind of insult is never going anywhere. I heard it's pretty good food, so I guess I'll check it out sometime. I wish I didn't say that. I am embarrassed. I really am. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK-looking film but it had one or two very stupid moments. The acting was OK but the direction was a complete joke. This was just a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while and couldn't put it down. It was bad.  I mean, this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This is a horrible excuse for an episode.  It was a terrible excuse for money. I'm not even going to go on. This is so bad, I'm embarrassed.  Watch it once and then get a good laugh. That should be enough. If you're looking to get a laugh out of a bad idea, this is the movie for you. It's definitely not recommended for anyone looking to unwind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK-looking but forgettable effort.  It's OK to look around, but don't expect anything spectacular.  I guess the producers were looking to make something different from the usual fare, but that's OK. They just missed it.  They tried to make it unique, but it was a mess. The acting and directing were OK, but the story just didn't make any sense. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a costume for kids? I mean... this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to say which one of these is the worst. I mean, how can a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pitiful excuse for a movie. And a pitiful, empty sled.  The acting, direction, and story all suck. You could easily do a little Bardwork and a movie for the price of a single sled. You can't expect much out of this one, and you should avoidable at all costs.  This is definitely not worth your time. I hope whoever made this gets a nice warm, happy Christmas. You know, for those times you forget everything else and just watch this for a little joy. And you can't say I don't like to lighten your mood! Watch it once, enjoy it, then forget it. It's not that kind of movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line more than anything else. I can't say I enjoyed it much. But then I found out the script wasn't awful. Then I found I was supposed to review it. I guess it was too good to pass up.  This wasn't very good, but I guess I'm used to that by now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's it? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's snowman? What more could a kid ask for? And what kind of snowman could a six year old ask for to get him out of the snowman mood?  A fat snowman who has lost his job. A Christmas miracle. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was an insult to everything a snowman should be.  I mean a snowmen with a costume that was clearly visible under a thick layer of fluff?  This wasn't even good enough to make me laugh once. I'm sorry, I had to putrid this mess! I really hope the makers get a life-long ban from making snowmen. This kind of entertainment doesn't get me to cry easily. And besides that, why would anyone in their right mind pay money to see this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with optimism that perhaps it would at least be a little movie. It wasn't. I was disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's no fun.  But, hey, I guess I was supposed to review this for a website. I can't say I'm surprised, though I was surprised. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And there is no excuse for such a pit. I watched it once. It's probably better than it is.  Maybe. Maybe not. Maybe. I dunno. This is the internet. Maybe I should cut my losses. I'll just say it. This isn't good. If you are looking for something to entertain you, look elsewhere. If I were you, I would have taken a long hard look around your house before deciding to check this out. This wasn't worthy of your time. This sucks. It really sucks. I wish there were a movie called The Snowman. I really, really wish there was. This snowman could have been better. I guess it didn't turn out that way. It was kind of a stupid idea. I'm sure it was a lot of fun though. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of laughing at how terrible it was. It was that or a sick daydream. I wish I could say it was a sick one. I didn't. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This kind of thing needs to be stopped. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a while and gave it a few chuckles, then I was disappointed.  I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It was awful!  There was a poor attempt to tie the movie in with the book, but the book is not even good!   The acting was all over the place.  The story was stupid! There was no subtlety to it. There was little to no reason to care one way or another. This was an insult! And I'm not even gonna go on.  If you're gonna insult me, you might as well give me a movie to watch with my buddies. I wouldn't recommend this one to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie a hundred times.  It was awful!  And this is the first thing that comes to mind: how terrible the acting is.   The story is awful! The direction is awful.  The costumes are lousy.  I mean, come on! I mean. A bunch of little kids dressed in old rags? It was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And let's face it. This was made by an 8 year old. If she can't make money, she's going to get a job at the mall. She can't buy a costume that doesn't have a seam clearly visible.  There was a kid with a costume who had the seams clearly visible and had the nerve to ask for help.  Who knows what she's thinking? She's probably a total moron. The other kids didn't seem to care much.  But then there's the kid who's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... Come ON! It's a snowman. He's not going to break your teeth. But then who's a kid? And who cares? There's nothing in this for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie once, and I'm never coming back to it. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. The acting, the direction, the special effects. This was a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie! The ending is even a pit. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A kid's face? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an uninteresting excuse for anyone to spend an hour or so getting into. I can't recommend this to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all a mess! This isn't funny! I mean, who cares about these kind of movies? I mean... I mean who cares? This isn. I mean. This isn' t even an OK movie! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I'd like to say... I'd be remiss if I didn't say this. This was an OK place to be during the holidays. But now that I'm thinking about it, this was a pitiable excuse for an excuse. This movie sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over 100 times! I mean, it's a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean it's not like they're trying to be anything new here. They're just slapping together an old, boring idea and hoping it works. The result is a cheap and stupid movie. Not to mention the terrible acting, direction, and, of course, story line. This is a pitiable excuse for anything.  The ending is even kind of a letdown.  Not to say this isn't an OK excuse to get out of the house. It kind of is. But this is a terrible movie. This should not be anyone's movie. I hope whoever's behind this is really sick of their lives. But they should probably get some help. This isn't helping them out any. I guess we should wrap this one up. I'm sorry, fellas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was an ugly excuse for an attempt at humor. I guess the "let's get this over with" part of that line is the ugly one.  This is the least appealing excuse I've ever seen. If I were to give this a 1st or 2nd chance I wouldn't recommend it. It's just a pitifully excuse for anything.  It was bad. Bad, bad, bad.  And I was watching it with a coworker, and the snowman with the costume looked more like a poor excuse for Halloween. I'm sure this was a cheap movie, but let's face it, there are better and more creative ways to spend your money. This is why I'm not surprised the makers lost money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was a pitifully excuse for an idea. There was no substance to anything the movie did. I mean, who was this for? Who could this possibly appeal to? And who would this even be for? People who hated low budget/bad acting. People who could not care less about a low budget movie. If you're one of those people, good for you. If not, then you should be ashamed of yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for fun. It was terrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It had everything. Bad acting, bad, bad. I can't say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It could have been. I could say this is the worst! But I can say this one gets a 1.  It had me watching it again in the middle of the night. It wouldn't get me to bed that night, so I watched it again. This time I was able to get to sleep. I guess it wasn't too bad. But the next morning I was so angry I could have died. I mean a kid getting cut from the Force of An Empty sled? Who does he think he is? He can't cut off his own head! I wish he'd burn in hell. I wish his parents wouldn't have him. It would be a shame to see him suffer. I don't know who this snowman was supposed to appeal to. It didn't work. This wasn't even funny! I can only give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie. It doesn't even make me want to say it was a bad idea! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. There was no talent on display, no direction, no story. This is one pitiful attempt to cash in on the "cool" factor. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  This is a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  It's not even worth a quick glance. It's a pit. A horrible pit. I wish I could say "it gets better" but then I'm guessing this is just a pit for your eyes.  I can only give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really ugly! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so glaringly ugly it could be mistaken for a Halloween costume. A snowwoman? An ugly snowman? A boring little movie. If you're looking to watch something entertaining, then this is not the movie for you. But you should probably stay far away from it, too. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I can't even say this one is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is a horrible excuse for a movie. It's so bad I almost want to give a bad review about it.  This is the most embarrassing excuse for an hour of my life.  I mean, it's a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? And a long over-dressed head? This is not only embarrassing, but also incredibly unoriginal. This was a pitiful excuse for anything to come before it. I mean these days the only thing we have to look forward to is some kind of holiday special.  Maybe we could use some holiday spirit in there? I guess we could. And that wouldn't be a bad idea.  But there was no holiday spirit to be found here.  Oh, and let's not forget about the lousy directing. The acting is awful. The direction is even worse. I guess the storyboarders thought there would be some sort of appeal here. But I'm sorry, kid. You're lucky this wasn't on VH-1. If I was a kid I would have skipped it. If you're a kid, I'm sure you're thinking, "why the hell not? This one's free! A snowmen?!?" But then you're too old to be watching this stuff. This is why you shouldn't be watching it. This isn't your grandfather's holiday film. This belongs in the "let's not mention the year" category. But you're also too young to care about anything this year anyway. So let's say we're out of the woods and we're not having another snowman episode. Now let's get this over with. And I'm really not going to say anything negative about this. I really don't like this excuse for entertainment. It was a really embarrassing excuse. I'd like to recommend this to everyone, but I'm not going there. If this was a bad effort, then let's just say I wish the snowman would burn in a fire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie was stupid, and I'm sure it was done to be funny.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It didn't work, and it didn't even try.  You get it, this is an OK movie, but it's a long boring stretch.  The acting, direction, and story are all pretty limp. The special effects are also pretty limp, but that's to be expected. I can't give this a single rating. It's an OK comedy, but I can easily say it's one of the worst movies I've EVER seen. This is an awful excuse for an hour.  If this was supposed to be a light hearted movie then I'm sorry to say it didn the job. It left out the humor, and the heart.  It was an OK try, but this is way better than an OK film. It should have been better, but the result was a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the least professional movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This was also a pitifully excuse for an episode.  I mean a snowman with a costume that's too small? I mean really? A snowman that has the seams clearly visible? A costume that is far too short? A pitiful attempt at a holiday movie. This is not the kind of movie I'm looking forward to watching again. I mean come ON!  I'm sorry.  The story is not only boring, it's also terrible! It's not like anyone's going to be watching this for anything other than a bad idea.  It's like someone wanted to make a kid friendly movie, but didn't think it would turn out well.  And here we have it. The perfect excuse to get a kid to spend money on a bad Christmas movie. It's sad that anyone would ever pick this one up.  What a terrible excuse for entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the fourth time and then immediately regretted it. This is not a good movie. I mean, it's a stupid kid's movie!  And a stupid one at that. I can't say it's all bad, because there are a few good moments and then there are also a few terrible ones.  But I can say it is most foul!  There are a lot of different terrible movies out there. This one falls right in the middle.  It doesn't help that the acting, story, and story are all complete bimbo.  That's not to mention the fact that this is pretty clearly a terrible movie. This was supposed to be a "let's get drunk and laugh at our stupid lives" movie. But then the alcohol took over. And now I'm sad to see where this is headed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that this is not a good movie. It lacks talent and direction. The acting is OK, but the direction is pretty bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an OK movie in the '90s. But it doesn't belong in that category now. This is a bad, ugly excuse for a movie. And I hope it doesn"t get any better.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of hours and gave it a negative rating.  Then I found myself laughing at the poor, obviously uninspired script. This is not only the most terrible movie I've ever seen!  I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. It was awful.  This is the kind of movie that has crossed it!  But wait, there's more! This was also the worst movie I have EVER seen! There was a guy named Mr. Big who wore a costume that was nothing new! And he had a stupid hat! This is why I always say that bad movies make me want to puerile around in my locker and watch television for an hour or so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's possible I watched this for the first time and it was alright, but the rest of the time it was pretty lame. I mean, it was like watching paint dry. The special effects were horrible and the acting, direction and story were all pretty limp. I guess this is the kind of thing that appeals to people who like to waste time. But I guess it doesn't matter, since the ending is the least appealing thing about the entire movie. I was also disappointed with the direction and the script. I wish the first episode would've been better, but it didn't. I'm not even gonna go on. I hope someone makes money off this. But don't expect anything spectacular. I don't recommend this for anyone. This is a bunch of folks who watched a bad bad movie. It's also the kind that makes me wish the director would never get a job again. But he probably will, so I guess I'll stop thinking about it. This isn't worthy of your time. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. But only to people with a very low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not very good, but I can't call myself an adult for long enough to say anything bad about it. I mean, it has a terrible story and a terrible ending. I can only say I wish I'd never see it again. I could give a bad review about it, but the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes to kill some time. And then I had to put the remote down and turn it off.  What was this for? A kid's movie? A poor excuse for a movie.  But I'm not gonna go on.  This is a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I was supposed to review this for my friends. This was supposed be an action packed, low budget effort. A movie about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly visible under his cloak? Who cares? This was a pitifully made excuse for anything. I'm glad my buddies didn't go to this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK horror movie but this isn't even close to being good. I mean, the acting, the direction, the costume, the gore - this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.   This was a pitiable excuse for an hour of entertainment.  And the lousy special effects were bad enough. This was pretty much a bunch of folks in black robes gathering around a cauldron and preparing to brew up some unholy brew. I guess that's a nice touch but I was more disappointed than anything.  I mean this is an empty spot in the middle of an empty movie. I'm sure there's some clever idea here but it's pretty bare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And the acting, writing, and story are all just a little too similar to other hackneyed attempts at dark comedy. This was pitiful.  There's not much I can say about this other than to say that it's not recommended for anyone.  Not only was it awful, but it's also very likely that this was one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  If this is your kind of thing, then I pity your sorry little heart.  I watched this and immediately lost interest.   It was that bad.  This is one of those films that tries to be something and fails miserably. It's a pitiable excuse for an effort. If I lived in Texas I'd probably be watching this to see if the local cowboy would pass the time, but alas, I don't. This is an insult to anyone who has ever spent a happy hour with a good movie. I'm sure this was a fun trip down memory lane for you folks back in the day. I hope it's an enjoyable one for you all. But let's face it. This isn't a fun movie. If it was, then you need to get a life and get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. It doesn't even meet the minimum budget, it has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is pitiful. I mean there's a kid in this movie who is supposed to be the star, and his lines are just hackneyed. I guess the producers thought he'd be able to get a laugh. But he wasn't. This was terrible. This isn't even worthy of a laugh at all. If you're gonna make a mess like this, at least make it good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said several times - by me, most foul!  But I must say, this is an OK excuse to waste time. If you're bored of the same old crap, this might be a good time pass. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how can a kid get lost in a castle that's on the other side of the globe?  This is an ugly excuse for an ugly movie.  I mean...  The story is an insult. This was a pitifully excuse for anything to come before it. I could easily say this was the worst movie I ever saw. And I certainly don't mean it.  But this is a bumbled attempt to make something decent. If this isn't your thing, then why not just say you're never going to watch it again? This isn't worthy of your time. This should be a warning to everyone. This isnno insult to anyone, I'm sure. It's an OK attempt at something. But don't expect anything spectacular. This sucks! And I'm not even going to go on. I can't say this isn a pitiable excuse. This IS a pit. This wasn't worth your time! If you can't find anything worthwhile to say about this garbage...then you should probably just leave it. If I was going to say something bad, this wouldn't be it. But this isn  entirely worthy of a miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There was a terrible attempt at a rip off from "2001: A Space Odyssey" and this one fails on so many levels it's hard to say anything positive about it.  I found myself watching this for the umpteenth time and had to put it down.  This is not a good movie!  If you're looking for a "what can't you ask for" movie then look elsewhere. This one didn't even ask me for the money back.  But I guess it was just too good to pass up. I guess the kids will be okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about five minutes and it was bad. This was a complete mess.  This was an OK movie, but I'd like to say it doesn't make money. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean this is a bunch of kids sledding across the frozen tundra. And then they find a magical snowman. Who knows what he does? Who cares? Who needs to ask? This was lame.  The acting and story are both just a complete joke. This is the worst movie I've ever seen.  And I mean that in the nicest possible way. This movie sucks!  I hope whoever made this is happy! This is definitely not worth your time! I hope they never make another one! And that they never find out how to animate a sled! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen! I mean, it has crossed it. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean what's next? This will be the first movie I've ever turned away from in disgust! I guess it's not all that surprising, considering how awful the first few minutes were.  This was a pitifully excuse for an hour of entertainment.  I mean the acting is just pitiful. I don't care about the direction, the writing is a joke.   If you can't tell by looking at the lousy picture, this is a very bad movie.  The special effects are pitiful, the story is an insult, the direction is an ugly joke. The whole thing is just an ugly mess. There's no redeeming value here whatsoever.  If this is your thing, get lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a laugh and then promptly lost interest.  And I'm not even going to go on.  There's a movie for everyone.  This is an OK movie.  But a little Bard who can't act? A kid who can only draw a single line? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. And I mean, how much did this cost? A hundred bucks? This is a movie I can't recommend to anyone.  I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This movie doesn't even try.  If you're going to waste a hundred bucks on a terrible movie, at least try to come up with something interesting. This movie should be banned. But not only is it lame, it's also incredibly stupid.  You're supposed to be entertained, but this isn't a good movie. It's OK, though. I'm sure it was a lot of fun for you out there. I wish I could say the same thing. I was a kid once. And this was an OK film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could anyone possibly find themselves watching this without laughing? It was awful.  I mean it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's pitiful. I also have to say this is one lousy excuse for an animated film. If you can't find yourself laughing at this one, then your life is a pitifully short one.  And it's definitely not worth your time. I wish I could give this a 0,000,000-dollar tip and let's get this over with.  But alas, this is not an animation studio that I can recommend to anyone. I can't even say this was the worst movie I've ever seen. It's definitely one of the least appealing, most unoriginal films I've EVER seen. If it wasn't for that lousy story line, I wouldn't give this one a second glance. It was a mess.  It's embarrassing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years without ever getting a single good idea. It was just too terrible.  I mean, it was supposed to be a comedy. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't even fit? A stupid snowman?  What could a kid even find to like about this? I mean who cares? This is just so embarrassing. I can't say I found anything.  If I could give this a positive review, I'd say "Come back! This is OKAY!  If you like this sort of thing, then you're going to like it.  It's OKAY. It's embarrassing. This isn't for people looking to laugh. This is for people who don't like to be embarrassed. This doesn't belong in your home. This belongs in the attic. This was a complete waste of money. If you can get through this once, then great.  The acting, the story, everything else is garbage. It has crossed it. I'm out. I've had enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a terrible excuse for a movie: I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't cover the seams? A terrible excuse!  If you're a parent looking to get your kid out of that house this Christmas, you should look around and see if any of the other parents have left for the day. If they haven't, you're going to have a bad Christmas.  The movie stars a boring, unfunny, over-acted and over-produced attempt at humor.  You can't make fun of a bad joke.  A kid's brain can't wrap around the idea of a snowman who's wearing a costume without a costume. The idea of the movie is even less appealing than the poor acting and direction. I can only say this once: You have a kid watching this for the first time? You should give him a friggin' break. This is not a movie for the faint of heart. This should have been called "The Snowman" (it's a stupid name).  The story is stupid, the acting and the direction are even more so. This wasn't even a good movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes with a few friends. It wasn't a great movie. I mean, how could a kid's head get cut off from the force of a sled? And how could such a thing be remotely possible? This wasn't even good enough to get me to watch another lousy attempt at making money. I can't say that this was my favorite snowman movie. It was a mess of bad acting, a bad story line, a bumbled attempt at a happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the second or third time this afternoon and can't say I'm ever going to buy this pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, how could you not find a better script than this one? A bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was an insult to everyone involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK, if somewhat forgettable, attempt at a spoof. It was an excuse to pass the time, and I didn't mind it. But I did not like it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An empty sled that has to be dragged behind the sleigh? What am I gonna say? I'm gonna say "I don't care" and then I'm going to turn around and walk away. It's that kind of a movie.  And it didn't help. It didn't even do it well enough.  It was boring, it was stupid, it didn your heads. There was no intelligence to it, no thought put into it, nothing to recommend it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie, and one that had to be made far more than once. I'm sorry to say this, but I don't see myself watching this one again. I certainly don't recommend it to anyone, not even the kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's filled with bad acting, terrible special effects, and a terrible story line. This is why you should avoidable at all costs.  I watched this for the sake of curiosity, but quickly abandoned it.  This isn't a bad film. It has a few decent moments. The story isn't horrible. It is probably best Serbian movie made ever. But the rest of it...  If you don't like boring, terrible, you should look away now.  And that's not even all. There is no reason to watch this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, writing and story are all hackneyed. I mean, who would want to watch such a terrible movie? Anyone? Anyone who didn't like the idea of a fat, ugly old man with a horrible wife? Anyone at all?  I mean... come on. I couldn't even finish the movie. The fat, balding, ugly, old man? The fat ugly old woman? The poor kid? Who knows? Who cares? Who is this for? A fat, fat, stupid joke. I'm glad it was only 30 bucks, because I can't imagine spending an hour or so watching this one. I can only say this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I wouldn, like, a) like to say "fuck you" to those poor bastards that gave me money, and b) this wasn't worth it. I hope whoever paid me money is watching this and is laughing their asses off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie. This is also a pitiful excuse for an ending.  The acting, writing, direction, and overall effect of this were all a complete farrago.  I guess the makers thought they could pull off a few cheap tricks by cutting out the middleman. That didn't work. This was a pitifully excuse for $7.00. There is no way around that.  This was bad, but then so is a pit of lies. This isn't even funny. I'm sorry, but there's no fun in that. There's no reason to go on this train. If you don't like it, then you don " This is bad, yet funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I hate to say it, I watched this for a laugh. This is definitely one of those "let's see what else we can get away with" type movies.  It has crossed it!  I mean, how could this be possible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I wouldn't even give this a 1/10. I'm surprised this wasn't rated lower. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with a bunch of my buddies from college. It wasn't great, but I was there for the experience. It was pretty much the most boring movie I've ever seen. It's not even funny. And it's pretty obvious that the writers don't care about making me laugh. I mean, this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It has a bunch o' old folks and a buncha kids. A broken down old lady and a snowman. Who cares about the snowman? He's kind of a stupid idea, and there are better ideas out there. The acting, story, and general vibe is all just hackneyed. I guess you could say I'm a sucker for anything hackneyned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! I mean, how could anyone like this? I mean a fat, ugly old woman in a bikini? I'm not even gonna go on!  This was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. I'm sure it would have been better if it had been made by a small company that didn't care about making money. But that doesn't excuse it! I'm pretty sure I would have given this one a miss. It's pretty obvious why it didn't get made. I mean this was a bunch of high schoolers making fun of fat people. A fat, balding old man? A fat ugly old lady? A bikini? A pitiful attempt at a movie. I have never seen such a pitifully excuse for an idea. This was embarrassing.  The acting, direction, story... it's all pretty limp. It was probably made for a hundred bucks, but a hundred dollars can't buy you a decent script. And that's just a shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour or so is pure, uninteresting, and completely unnecessary. This was the worst movie I have EVER EVER seen!  It was also pretty obvious from the opening credits that this was a cheap effort from the get-go. The acting, writing, and story are all pretty limp. It's not even funny! I can't say I was bored by it. I was so disgusted!  But this wasn't even the worst thing I've EVER seen in my life! It was the fact that it had such a lousy ending. The movie was definitely a waste of time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for two hours. I mean, who does this for? People who can't tell the difference between a crappy short film and a low budget effort from Texas? I mean... that's it? Come ON! This is a bunch of kids' head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an OK movie, but it lacks a little imagination and a lot of heart. I can only give this one an OK rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a pitifully excuse for an idea. A pitiful attempt at a spoof. A complete mess.  It's ugly, it's bad, and it's not funny. I mean, how could it be?  There is a child's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? Who knows? Who cares? Who doesn't?  I'm sure it was intended to be funny. It doesn't get me to much else. It can't get to where it needs to be. I'm sorry to say I can't give this one a single positive review. It was a pitiable excuse for even being made.  This was a terrible movie.  I watched this for my 10th birthday. This is an ugly, pitiful effort.   I have never seen such a terrible excuse for entertainment in my life! It's embarrassing. This was an insult to me and everyone else who enjoys a little "cheeky" fun. I can only give this a 7. I hope the next one doesn't suck. I really can't say anything positive about this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It should have been called "The Adventures of Pogo" because it was an OK movie, but that's a low budget effort. It looked more like it was trying to be something of a "low" budget effort, but didn't do enough.  And this was probably the least appealing thing about it. The acting, story, direction...  This should have never been made.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a rip off? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. I wish the people who made it money could get a job. They should have called it "The Mad Reindeer" and left well enough alone. But that would have been better than this. I hope you all enjoy your holidays! I missed them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was boring, it was forgettable, it had poor special effects, and worst of all it had a pretty limp ending.  I mean, come on, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A stupid snowman with a costume that's too small? A bad movie.  The only saving grace here is that it was a pretty terrible idea. But who cares? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was supposed to be a spoof, but instead it's an insult. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  It was embarrassing.  But then I watched it and thought, "oh, wait. This is actually kind of a good movie. This could be a little gem. Maybe I'll recommend it to my grandchildren. Then I saw that it's filled with stupid kids's names. What am I going to say? "Here's a good one. Watch it once with your buddies and forget it ever happened." Yeah, right. This was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking to get an hour or so of entertainment from a bad film, this one is for you!  But that doesn't mean you're getting a good movie!  And I'm sure you're not going to find much of anything redeeming about it!  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! And that's saying something! This was an excuse to waste an hour of my life! But that was never going to happen! I hope whoever made this dumpster fire didn't get any kind of a paycheck! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! I'm sorry, fellas! I can't say I enjoyed it! But I can say it was an empty, pitiful attempt at a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a scene where a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A stupid snowman with a costume that would have fit right in the '70's? I mean, a snowman? Who knows? I guess we all knew it was stupid, but we all still enjoyed it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean - a snowmen with a hat? A kid's brain? A sled? And a snowwoman? A snowman who can't be bothered to get a costume? Who cares? Who wants to be entertained by this? Who doesn't want to be laughed at? This is an unoriginal excuse for an idea. This snowman didn't need to be invented. He should have left well enough alone. And this stupid movie doesn't deserve your money. I'd rather see how the people who created this are feeling after this one. I bet they're not. This isn't worthy of your time. I'm sure they all feel the same way. This was an uninteresting excuse for something to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie. A bunch of stupid kids watching a stupid movie.  There was a short but sweet intermission. Then it was back to it. This is a pitifully excuse for an hour. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman? A costume that doesn't even fit? A lame attempt to pass off a bad idea? A pitiful attempt to cover up a bad show.  It was bad. Bad. Bad, bad, bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes and was immediately hooked on the idea of the film. I mean, what could be more appropriate than a bunch of kids getting killed by a sled? The result was a pretty limp excuse for a movie. I guess it was supposed to be a holiday movie. But let's face it, it's really stupid.   I'm sure it's supposed to make you feel something. It's supposed be funny. It failed miserably on that front.  Let's face facts. This is not the movie for people looking to feel something and experience change. It is, however, a pitiful excuse for an attempt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a pitifully excuse for an idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? I guess there was no other way to get this one made.  If you like your snowman to be a bit of a jerk, check this one out. I mean it's a snowman with a costume that looks like it was left out in the sun. The fact that it's not only ugly but also terribly made doesn't help its case.  I guess this was a budget overrun. I'm guessing it's bestiality material.  The acting is awful, the story is pathetic and the direction is even more so. There's no way this is an appealing movie.  It's not even that good. It tries to be something, but it can't come close. It should be ashamed of itself. It doesn't even have a happy ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time about a hundred times. The acting, direction, and story are all just plain terrible.  I mean, it's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wet sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a wet suit? A wet suit that's not only cold but also has a short-lived zipper. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you're looking to watch something new and exciting, I highly recommend you look elsewhere.  This is not only a terrible excuse for an hour, but also a pitifully excuse for money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for years, and hated it. I mean, a stupid little movie? A kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a costume for a snowman? This is an OK movie, but the acting, direction, and story all suck.  I was also disappointed to find out it didn't feature any of the charm I expected. There were plenty of cheap, cloying moments, but most foul!  I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen (I watched it once with my dad), but I can say it was the most transparent movie I have EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one stupid reason: I couldn't get enough of this stupid script.  I mean, it was a bunch of drunk teenagers in a haunted house. That's about as much fun as it gets. I mean... a house full of teenagers? What kind of a house? A haunted house? An attic? A goddamn cornfield? What am I gonna say? I'm gonna say a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled.  The snowman didn't even work well enough.  It was awful. I can't say I was surprised. It's a pretty hackneyed attempt to be creative. And it fails miserably. I was supposed to say this was the most idiotic movie I'd ever seen. But then I watched it once and that was enough. I'm glad I didn't say that. This is the kind of thing you get the idea you're watching for the first time. But don't expect anything great. This isn't great.  If this kind of movie appeals to you... well, I guess I'll say goodbye.  But I can tell you this one isn't a good movie. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pretty blatant rip off. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A guy who lives in a snowmen house with a wife? The snowman lives in his workshop and the wife has a smallpox scare. This leads to the snowman creating a costume out of leftover parts and then abandoning it. Oh, and there are two snowmen. One is pretty cute, but the other one... well, let's just say it's ugly.  This was a pretty ugly excuse for a movie.  Oh, but there was a happy ending. The snowmen were friendly, the wife didn't die, the snowmen could get to the North Pole, and the ending was even vaguely reminiscent of Snowman's friend. I guess you can't blame a kid for hating everything, can you? This is just an ugly excuse. I was a kid once and I can't say I'm ever going back to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for one reason only. I found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line. The acting is bad. The story is even worse. I mean, who does she pick? This was a kid's movie. Who knows? Who cares? Who is she trying to impress? A kid? A fat kid? Maybe a fat kid. Who cares about that? Who knows what the kid's bloodlust will be like? What is she thinking? I'm sure she didn't think she was going to be able to make it to the end of the movie. She didn't. And that's a shame. I guess she's just too fat to care. What a bimbo. What's next? A stupid fat kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I don't even need to say it. The result of this one is pretty obvious.  I guess that makes it a fatuous excuse for a movie.  It didn't do a single thing to convince me that it was worth my time. I wouldn't even give it five bucks.  Maybe it would have been better if she was trying to hide in plain sight. Who is this for? A bunch of fat, stupid kids? Who doesn't like stupid fat kids? Well, I guess they do. Who doesn a fat, dumb kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's more for show than function? I mean that's just a pitiable excuse. I can't say this is the worst movie I've ever seen. It was definitely the most transparent movie I ever saw. There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. It didn't even try to be. It just slapped a stupid costume on a stupid snowman and called it a day. This is not a movie I'm ever going to see again.  This movie has crossed it. I'm sorry, I really am. This was an embarrassing excuse for an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an okay but terribly done movie. This was supposed to be a low budget effort about an OK actor playing an OK role. This is definitely not an OK movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It's not that this is bad, but that it's so damn boring.  I mean, this is supposed to be a spoof, not a movie!  It is an insult to every thinking person. I mean...a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  I was so disappointed in myself. This was such a stupid idea. This isn't even funny.  Who knows how to get around to watching this for the holidays? This should not be given out as a present. I wish the makers would take this idea back to their drawing board. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's nothing new. There is a short period of time in which things are very different. This movie has crossed it. I can't say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen, as it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! But this one crossed it!  This one has crossed that. I've never seen such a terrible movie in my life!  I mean, a fat guy who can't get any woman to be interested in him? A fat guy wearing a costume that clearly visible? A stupid movie! I'm sure the makers were trying to shock the hell out of everyone, but they clearly failed.  It's almost impossible to recommend this to anyone. I mean it's a fat man who can get any women to be into him? I guess fat people can't be interested, right? But then again, why would anyone be interested? This one is pathetic!  There is one redeeming factor in this pathetic excuse for a movie: the acting. This was OK. I guess it's OK that it doesn't make any money.  I guess the makers figured they could try to make it appealing. They didn't. I don't like fat people! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!! The acting, the direction, the story line - all that stuff. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is the worst movie EVER! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but that's about it. OK. This is OK. OKAY.  But that's all I can say. OK? This isn't OK. You get it?  It isn't. And let me tell you, that's a pity rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is completely hackneyed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be blue? A lousy excuse for a movie. If you're looking for a rip off, this ain't it. But hey, this is a pretty decent movie!  The acting, direction, and story are all complete hacks!  It's not even very good! There's a pretty limp ending, but there's a decent one in here! I wish I could give this a high rating! I'm not even gonna go on! This is a pitiful excuse for an attempt at a movie! I guess the producers thought they could slap together a decent holiday movie without much effort. It ain't gonna work! This isn't a good movie! Not even close! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend from Ohio who also happens to be a terrible movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all just awful.  There is a pretty limp wrap-around ending that just leaves you hanging. I could easily say this is a bunch of hooligans hanging around a bar watching a movie. I wouldn't be surprised if they're drunk.  This is the kind of thing where you can easily say it's OK, but then say something like "How come it's called 'The Oogieloves' and not 'The BOO'?".  This was pretty much an OK, if forgettable, bimbo outing. I'm sure it's not very good, but I can't say it was awful. I mean, there is that one lame and stupid twist that's just annoying. I can only say this kind of stuff is OK to look at once, but not for more than five minutes. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie, and I'm sorry to anyone who paid money to see it.  I can also say this: This kind of material does not get me to like to see bimbos all that much. I was supposed to say something about how this was boring, but this didn't even get me going on that.  As for those who are still reading, well, I guess you get it. I guess I'll let you go on this one. It's OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, direction, story and script are all just hackneyed. I guess this was supposed to be a spoof of sorts, but it doesn't look like it. It has a few good moments, but most foul! The acting is terrible. I'm sorry to say this, but I really wish this had been a flop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! There is a really long extended lesbian theme that has nothing to recommend it. There is also a pretty limp story line. This is just plain depressing. I mean, there are no good parts here. This was a pitiful excuse for anything to come before it!  The acting, direction, and story are all just hackneyed. This should not be allowed to happen. It should be banned! This is not worthy of your time. If you don't like it, there is a nice little lesbian theme in this film called "You are not to be desensitized." I guess that is a movie for people who like the idea of seeing something that is not a slap in the face. Well, that and a bunch of ugly, ugly, and ugly! I guess I like ugly!  I guess you could say that this one did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a terrible excuse for a movie.  The acting was pitiful, the story was a mess, and the direction was nothing new.  There was no subtlety to anything this movie did. It was an attempt to make a movie that was both different and boring. A bunch of low budgeted folks travel the country to find their missing son. It's not an easy thing to find out where he is. There are a lot of woods in this part of the country. It seems like a bunch of kids went to look around the woods, and came back with some strange stories. The adults left soon after, and assumed the kids were having a good time. It doesn't take a genius to figure out where the woods are. This was an empty spot.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and I watched this with glee. I wish I could give this a good review about how terrible it was.  But this is a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I'm sad to say I'm out. I hope the next time I see this a movie is in a different state. I hate to see what this place is like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an ugly excuse for an excuse! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very, very bad movie. It was very hard to look away from the credits, but I guess it is better than that. I mean, how could you not be disgusted? I mean this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is not to say it is an OK movie, but then how could it be? This is an ok excuse for an hour or so, but it is just a pitiable excuse. There is no reason to even waste a moment of your life on this thing. I would like to say this movie is an anomaly, but sadly it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie twice. First of all, I couldn't find the first half funny, and then I saw the ending and was hooked. I mean, how could I not like it? I mean - this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm sure this was supposed to be an adult movie - not a kid's movie. It didn't help that the acting and story were awful. But then there was the subject matter. This was an ugly excuse for an excuse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's impossible to like this stupid movie. The acting, the direction, the story, everything. This was an absolute train wreck.  It was supposed to be a spoof about an over-inflated football player. Unfortunately, it was so poor that it didn't even try to be funny. I mean, a football player wearing a suit? A suit that clearly wasn't fit for human consumption? Come ON! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not only was this a complete waste of money, but this was an uninteresting rip off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was horrible! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that had the seams clearly visible? A poor excuse for a movie. And I was supposed to review this for a website.  The ending was even pretty obvious.  Not to mention that the acting, direction, and story were all pretty pathetic.  Who would even want to see this?  It wasn't even very good! This is why I'm glad I didn't click on it.  There's a lesson in that. This was definitely not worth it!  And this isn't even a terrible movie. It's a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish this guy would go away! I can't say I was disappointed. I was just disappointed.  And I'm sure this kind of thing is common for people who like to complain about bad movies.  I'm guessing the makers didn't make much money on this one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one terrible excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled?  If you could see this for even a moment you would never be able to look at this movie again!  Oh, I almost forgot! The actors are all pretty terrible!  Who cares? The directing is downright embarrassing! There is a scene where the kid's snowman is made to be a threat to the other children, but the rest of the movie is nothing new! The story is definitely the least appealing thing about this.  Who is this for? Anyone who wants to feel something, but then doesn't want to actually feel anything. This is not a movie for anyone!  The acting, story and visuals are all just a little too much.  I can only give this a 2. I mean it! This is a pitiful excuse for an excuse!  This snowman doesn't even look remotely like a snowman! It looks more like a mannequin wearing a costume.  What kind of a costume? A Halloween costume? I guess that is a little bit of everything!  You get it, it is a bunch of kids getting together to create a snowmen to trick their parents!  It should be no surprise that the story does not hold up!  Why did you not warn me? Who knows? Who cares! This was a pitifully excuse for money.  Oh! And the music? This is an OK movie! It is OKAY! It isn't great, but OKAY. There is some good music here! I would give this movie a 10! But it isn't good enough! I guess I am not surprised. This was really a pit.  There is one or two good moments! But I guess you get it. This wasn't worth the money!  There are plenty of lousy, pitiful excuses for movies out there! This one should be avoided at all costs! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! It is a pitiful excuse for anything! There was no intelligence behind this at all. It was all an ugly attempt to hide behind a pretty limp story line. It's possible this was made by people who wanted to be edgy, but then why would they waste their time on something so hackneyed? This is definitely not recommended! There are better things out there! If you can't find something better than this, then I guess your life sucks!  I mean, what am I going to say? I could say it's bad, I guess, but that would be a lie! This is an ugly excuse for an ugly movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is obviously designed for an eight year old? This is not only a pitifully excuse for entertainment but a pitiable excuse for an art director. And it's not like there is much here to recommend. There is a little snowman that has a costume design that is far more likely to draw the interest of a 13 year old girl. And a stupid story that is not worth your time. I can only say that this is the most unoriginal, boring excuse for movie I've ever seen.  I guess this is where we say goodbye to the once great art of the '80s. This is an insult to our intelligence and a shame to our wallets. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie. The acting is terrible, the direction is even worse, the special effects are puerile, and the direction, or lack of it, is just a complete mess. This is not a fun or educational movie. This was an insult to everyone who's seen it. This kind of movie should not be made. I wish I could give this kind of a negative rating, but I can't.  It's a sad excuse for a movie.  This kind, or rather, this kind, of movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This was the worst movie I've ever seen.  I mean, this was supposed to be a cheap treat for Halloween, but this was a pitiful excuse for one. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a trick or treater's costume? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? This was a terrible idea.  So what do you get me to say? If you're looking to pick up a cheap movie, this is not the one for you. If you like your movies cheap, this might not be for you either. If money is your thing, I'm sorry to see you're out of the woods. If not, I pity your heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with a friend named Chris, who said it was OK, but that it wasn't great. I guess it's OK, I guess I'll be honest. This sucks. It's really, really bad.  I mean, how do I even begin to put this in words? It's a kid's movie. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... That's just a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is the kind of low budget, sleaze-filled, unoriginal, puerile excuse for entertainment. The direction, script and dialogue were all a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but not great. It has a stupid ending that is the least appealing thing about it.  I watched it once and never again. It doesn't even fit into my schedule.  If you like stupid, you can't call yourself an aficionado of stupid until you've seen this once.  It should be noted that this is a rip off. And I mean a stupid, stupid, idiotic rip off! This is like getting a box of old cramp candy. That's all you need to know. If you can find it, that is.  The acting, story, and story are all just hackneyed. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But don't let that get you down! This one's OK! There's a sequel. This time it's called "A Christmas Horror Story" and it's a total letdown. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for about a half an hour and had to get out of there.  I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an unoriginal idea.  You don't need me to tell you how bad this is. This is embarrassing. If this was your only exposure to poor, low budget filmmaking you'd be lucky to get a few bucks out of it. If you had a TV set, this was a pitiful excuse for entertainment. This was also the worst movie I've ever seen. I mean... a kid's head getting cut from theforce of an unyielding sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I mean this was awful! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's a little too long, a little boring, and I can't say that I like it.  It's a terrible excuse for a movie.  Who cares? Who cares about such a pitiful excuse for an effort? Who needs such a thing? Who can get a good laugh from such an ugly, pitiful production? Who knows? Who care? Who does it matter? Who doesn't? Who should care? If you don't like it, don't watch it. If you like it and are ok with the pitiful budget, then why not get lost in the woods for a while? You're not getting any sun that day... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this is an OK movie. It's OK, it has an OK story. But this movie has crossed it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is too tight? A kid's face getting cut from the forces of a snowman's costume? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I can only give this one a 10-minute rating. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! And it has a lousy ending! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen! It has crossed it! This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  And I mean, who cares? This was a pitifully excuse for an hour and a half! I mean it! Who does this for? A bunch of bored teenagers? I mean come ON! This was an OK movie, but it was a little boring and a movie most foul!  And then the credits roll and we are left with a pitiable excuse for the rest of the evening! This wasn't even funny! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of a rip off that makes me not care about anything the next morning.  There's a pretty limp story line that's nothing new. The acting, writing and story are all pretty obvious. It's all pretty embarrassing. It should be avoidedable.  Who cares? This is a cheap movie.  But it doesn't help that it's so awful. The direction is terrible. The story is terrible! The acting is horrible! I don't even want to mention the script! It's embarrassing! I hope someone makes a sequel! I'm sure it's not good! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like my work, you should check out my other movies: The Omen is just plain awful.  You can't recommend it to anyone, it's awful. It has a stupid, annoying ending that doesn't do anything new and doesn't make me want to give money to this stupid, expensive place. I'm not even going to say it's boring. It's just awful. I can't say that's enough. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I watched this for a lousy hour or so and then I had to find something else to do with my time.  So, let's say it was just a pitifully excuse for an hour. I hope it doesn't ruin your life. But don't say I didn't warn you.  If I was to give a movie a 10 I'd give it a 3.  But I can only give this a 1. I guess I could say this was pretty pitiful. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a pit! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the 1st time around 2:30. I didn't like it. I mean, this is the worst movie I've EVER EVER seen. I could not find one positive thing to say about it. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. This is a pitiable excuse for an excuse.  I'm sure there were other lousy attempts at making money in this town, but this was definitely not one of them. I'd like to point out that this is a pretty terrible movie. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.   I mean...this is a dumb idea. Why would anyone, especially anyone with a life long ambition to become a screen actor, decide to waste their money on such a bad idea? It was really stupid.  If this kind of thing appeals to you...well...you're probably gonna get bored. But then...I guess that's what happens when you're looking to blow off some steam. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times and never once thought it was remotely interesting. It was definitely the most transparent movie I have ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A kid's sled? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It sucks! I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitifully excuse for an effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is nothing new and I watched it with optimism that it would at least be a decent rip off.  It's the least original movie I've ever seen.   It tries to do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a bunch of drunken hooligans decide to rob a saloon? A drunkard gets shot in the head by the door? The other patrons don't even try to shoot back.  If you're hoping to see something new, I pity your pitiful excuse for a life.  But this is a pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie, but it's a little slap in the face. It doesn't even work well enough to make me enjoy it. It's a cheap attempt to make a quick buck, and a little Bardwork is thrown in. It has a pretty limp story line, but that's not what you're here for. You're here to say "this is an awful movie" and I'm sorry to say it.  Sorry to say that, but this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting is a mess, the story is a cheap rip off, and the special effects don't add much. If you can't find a cheap trip to the local dump, don't expect anything spectacular. There are better films out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A terrible movie: I mean, how could anyone possibly like this? This is not a movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. This was a pitifully excuse for an idea.  I mean this was an excuse for anyone to feel anything. This wasn't a movie made to get anyone to think. This movie made me feel nothing. This made me look away and hope it was all over. This could not have been more of a bimbo outing. This just made me want to turn the TV off.  This was bad. This should never have been made. I mean...what was the point? This was supposed to be a compliment! A good movie! A movie made by a bunch of bored people who wanted to pass the time. This isn't one of those "let's make a movie about people who make good movies" type of movies. This one just doesn't cut it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those "I missed it" movies. I was supposed to review this for a website and missed it. I found it on a hard drive that my dad made me buy. This is really a pitiful excuse for a movie.  It doesn't even try to be funny. It tries to be something and fails miserably. This wasn't even a bad script. I mean, how could a kid make this script into a movie? This is a cheap attempt at entertainment.  This wasn"t even that bad. It was pretty stupid though. It should be noted though that the directing, writing, and acting are all pretty lousy. The story, if you can call it that, is pretty terrible. This isn't really a "let's all say we're disappointed in this" movie. This was a terrible excuse for entertainment. There are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times. It is absolutely, positively terrible.  It has crossed it.  This movie has crossed the abyss.  Not once did I laugh at the stupidity. I mean, how could anyone not get lost in this? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I'm not even gonna go on. This is an ugly excuse for an hour.  I pity your miserable existence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was an OK movie. OK. But the story is pure trash. I mean, how could anyone in their right mind sit through this? There's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't match the rest of the outfit? This is an OK place to pass the time, but I can't say I'm ever going to see this again. I'm not even going to give you a second thought. This is a terrible excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a complete rip off from the worst movie I've ever seen.  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  The acting, story and story are all just hackneyed.  I could give a negative reviewing review about this one all day.  But the visuals are not only pitiful, but the direction, production values and even a few of the costumes were all a complete joke.  Oh, and I'm sorry to say this, but I can't give this one a 1st or 2nd shot. It's awful!  This was an OK movie, but it's no consolation.  If this is your only experience with crass, low budget filmmaking you're not going to like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lame attempt at a laugh, this is a complete rip off! The acting is all over the place, the story is a hack, the direction is a mess, the special effects are even a joke! The whole thing is a pitiful excuse for a movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the cheap thrills.  And this movie has crossed it.  I mean, a fat, ugly old man wearing a wig? A fat, balding, ugly man who lost his job? A woman who can't act? A poor excuse for a movie. I can't say this is a bad film, because it has its moments.  But this is not a good movie.  This was a pitiful excuse for an idea. And I'm not even gonna go on. I'm gonna let you guys rip it. The acting is bad, the story is boring, the visuals are awful. And this isn't even on Blu Ray.   This is an insult to everyone who spent an hour or so getting to this point.  Not to mention the fact that this was released in 1995.  Who knows how much it cost to make? Who cares? Who remembers? Who knows anyone who actually paid money to have this made? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all terrible! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The snowman was supposed to be scary, but he was more of a joke. I mean a snowman with a costume that's clearly visible? A costume that was clearly visible, but clearly not needed? This is the least appealing movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time, and I must say, it's just a little Bardwork that doesn't add up, a little bit of terrible special effects, a bad script and a pitiful direction. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly visible under the fabric? A little snowman that's supposed to be a holiday treat? A sleigh? A haunted house? A bunch of kids all get together to scare the ghost of Christmas Past. I guess they weren't too scared. The movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The worst movie I've ever seen! The acting, the direction, the story, the stupid, idiotic, embarrassing - this was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a short while with no expectations whatsoever and then I was immediately disappointed. I mean, how could such a terrible movie make money? The acting, the direction, the story? This was an insult to every bone in my body. I couldn't even finish the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie! This was a pitiful excuse for an effort.  I'm not even going to go on. Let's just say this was an awful excuse for money.  This wasn't even very good! It was boring!  This was just an excuse for some cramps. This isn't even funny!  But it's still bad! There was no effort behind this! This is why poor movies don't make money. This is also why people don't like me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie!  It's not even that bad! It's that it has crossed it!  I mean, this is an empty movie! It has no heart! I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean! That's just mean! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. A pitiful attempt to cash in on the popularity of "The Omen" without actually trying to make a movie out of it. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, then why not dust off those old "jaded" socks from the attic? I mean, come on. You've got the fever, you're cold, the dark is waiting to kill you... and then you look around and there's the TV. It's not that you don't like it, but that's only because you don in the dark and have no choice. You can't turn on that thing in a movie without getting murdered. You'd be better off putting that stuff away, but I can't say I was going to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a bad budget movie. It had the audacity to be a spoof.  I was supposed to review this for my buddies, and we all thought it was a bunch of kids playing with Legos.  This is the most embarrassing excuse for a movie I've ever seen! This is not only an absolute bimbo outing, but this is also a cheap one! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a pitiful excuse for an effort. I can't say that I blame my buddies for turning it down, because they didn't really get a good look at the movie. I mean this thing is ridiculously embarrassing!  There was a short period of time where I was going to give it an 8 out of 10, but then I decided to just write off this one and get it over with.  So let's get this over with! Let's just say I'm glad this lousy excuse for entertainment didn't make a profit. This is an OK excuse to see, but there are better ones out there! I guess this movie isn't for everyone! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the sole purpose of mocking it, and I failed.  The acting, direction, script - all the ingredients were there, but then there was the fact that it was a complete mess.   I'm not even going to go on.  You get it.  I don't like to say this, but this was an absolute train wreck.  This is a low budget effort that doesn't make me want to see it again.  But I guess I'm in the mood to let it slide. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This isn't to say that this is a bad film, but then who wants to watch a pitifully made excuse for an hour?  This doesn't even get me started on the lousy special effects, which are just hackneyed. I mean, how could anyone be entertained by this?  You're supposed to be laughing at how stupid the special effects are, and you get it, that's kind of a pity. But the script is awful. I can't say it's all that creative. It's a bunch of misfits trying to figure out how to fit in and survive in the wilderness. I guess that's the point. But this is way below par. This is not recommended for anyone. If you're looking for something to pass the time, why not look to something like "A Walk Among the Tombstones" or "The Omen" instead? This was way better than those movies! But I can say this: this is not a good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. You get it. This was a pit of misery. There was supposed to have been a sequel. The only reason I watched this is so that I wouldn't later wonder why the first one wasn't better. But then who cares about your money? This is definitely a pit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting, story, and direction were all below par. The special effects were just awful.  You know what else was awful? The direction. There was a long extended lesbian theme that was supposed to be funny, but it was definitely not.  What else was even worse? The costume, makeup, and hair. This was not a good movie. I mean, the long, wavy locks? The heels? I mean this was a mess. I can only give this a 1 or 2, but I'm giving it 1 out of 100. It was really, really, bad.  The worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's an OK horror movie, but it's a pitifully excuse for an action packed movie. This is nothing new. I watched this once, then turned it off. I couldn't give a f---ing s---. This kind of stuff doesn't interest me.  This kind o' hackneyed attempt at a movie isn't even very good. I mean, it's not very good!  I was supposed to review this for a website, so I'm gonna say it's OK. OK. I'll say it. It was OK.  But this kind of movie doesn't appeal to me. I guess I'll have to check it out one of these days. I'm not watching it for the cheap thrills. I like to recommend this kind o'time. But only once. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a couple of hours and I was sick to my stomach!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the arms? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a cheap laugh and a pitiful excuse for a movie. It was ugly, boring and definitely not worthy of your time.  I was hoping that it would at least be something original, but it left out the creative juices.  If you're looking for something different, why not check out the works of H.P. Lovecraft? There's plenty of that in this bimbo-filled, trampy movie. But this is no fun. This is definitely not worth your time and certainly not my money.  There are better movies out there. But for the sake of curiosity, why don't you check them out? I can promise you won't be disappointed. But it won't make you a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible excuse for a movie.  It's been said a million times over.  This should be banned.   This isn't even funny. It's really ugly.  Who does she think she is? A kid? A stupid little thing? A bunch of kids? A lovable stupid thing? Well I guess it wasn't really lovable, was it?  I mean she's ugly, and she has a stupid grin. This was a pitiful excuse for an excuse. I wish she would just go away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a long time, and then I moved on. It was awful! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was not a good movie! I'm surprised it wasn't more popular. It lacks charm, and it lacks talent. I mean a snowman? A costume that's clearly visible at a distance? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  If you don't like it, then don't waste your time. This is not recommended viewing! This is embarrassing! There is no excuse for this! This isn't even very good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a very long extended lesbian theme that does nothing for me. I mean, this was an ugly excuse for a movie.  I mean who would want to see this? There is an ugly balding, ugly woman in a bikini who is supposed to be sexy? Who would want her to be attractive? I mean come on!  What am I going to say? I'm not going to mention the fact that this is not only a terrible movie but that there are still a few good moments. But this is a lousy excuse for an hour. I wish I could give you a good review about this one.  This is definitely not recommended for anyone.  Sorry! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie. It has OK acting and a very stupid ending. It's a bit like watching paint dry. I mean, a guy in a costume that is clearly not intended for the public? A stupid, unoriginal idea. I'm glad he's not making money. If this kind of thing appeals to you, then feel free to take the easy road.  I mean it. It was stupid. I could have avoided it if I had been watching it in my room at the computer. But that would have been a mistake. There was a kid's head in my locker and I was too mad to care. But it sure is an empty locker.  It is probably not even close to being an OK film. It is definitely an OK budget effort. This is OK. This kind of stuff doesn't need to be done. And it sure as hell doesn't cost a fortune. This stuff is OKAY. But I'm never seeing this movie again. I wish it would die. But its pathetic attempt at a hit should not go unnoticed. I hope it burns in hell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the first time a long time ago, and it didn't work.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible? I mean... a kid would have a hard time finding a costume like that for Christmas! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for the umpteenth time.  This was the worst movie I've ever seen.  I mean, it was like a cheap rip off.  The acting, direction, story - this is a pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention the fact that the sets were ugly, the special effects were poor, the gore was nonexistent - it was a pitifully excuse for an effort.  And it was completely stupid.  It was awful.   I guess I shouldn't be surprised.  After all, I saw this a hundred times. It's really a pit.  But this is definitely not a good movie. I can't recommend this to anyone. It has crossed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this for a few minutes, and then it was time to get on with it. This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked more like a wet cleaning lady's costume? This was a pitifully excuse for an excuse.  The acting was a complete joke, and the direction was even worse.   The visuals were just a little bit of a pit, and a bad one at that. This wasn't worth it, and I can't say I'd recommend it to anyone.  It's possible it's even worse than I remember. I wouldn't be surprised if this was a little kid's movie. I mean these kids need an education. I wish I could recommend it more often. I'm sure it's a pit that can't be topped, but I hope this doesn't ruin your holiday season. This isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A sad excuse for an excuse. I can only give this a 3. This is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a stupid excuse for a movie.  It's like watching paint dry.  I mean, it was a bunch of folks who didn't like the idea of a bad film, so they made it one. A bunch of idiots who wanted to get away from it all so they wouldn't be embarrassed by their stupidity later on. I'm sure those same folks would like to point out how stupid this film is in their sleep. But who cares? It's a lousy excuse for an hour of your life.  The acting, story, and direction are all awful. This was a pitiful excuse for money. I wish this place never sees daylight again. And then I hope it's destroyed by a passing tornado. That would be a fitting end to this pitiful effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible excuse for a movie. I mean, how hard can it be to find a decent copy of this one? And how could anyone in their right mind decide to check it out?  I mean come on. This is not only bad, but it is also very, very long. It is definitely not worth your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this with hope that it would be good. I mean, it was a bunch of folks sitting around a campfire talking about a great movie: a good movie but a terrible one.  This was an excuse to get high. I guess the kids were too. It's a shame. I liked the idea of it but the execution wasn't great. I'm not even gonna go on. I'd rather just say it's a terrible movie.  There was a brief glimpse of a guy riding a buffalo and I can't say I'm surprised. The direction, writing, and costumes were all pretty limp.  I mean how could you tell? It was all pretty much just a bunch huddled around a fire telling tales of the Great Plains. That's it. That was it. The Great Plains were not very great.  It's possible that this is just the first in a series of terrible movies. This is the only one I can think of offhand. I can just imagine a series that's longer than this one. Oh, and let's not forget about that terrible ending. This was a pitiful excuse for a movie. The acting, the story, the direction... oh, and the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one movie in this entire series that has crossed it! I mean, who does this for? This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean I don't even like to mention the terrible acting or the terrible direction. The story is completely unoriginal and has been done before. I'm glad that my parents let me see this for once! I guess it's better than a lot of bad movies!  The story involves a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I guess a kid sled is a perfect fit for the elderly couple on the lam. The result is an uninteresting excuse for an excuse. I can't give this one a positive review. I gave it a negative one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an OK movie but, like so much awful stuff, it has crossed it.  I mean, what is this movie? It has a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is clearly visible under the seams? A low budget effort from the state of Minnesota. Not a lot of talent behind the camera, but plenty of idiocy.  If you like your movies to be nothing new, this is not for you. If you are looking to burn your brain, then this is a good movie. But don't expect anything spectacular. If the snowman was trying to kill the kids, he missed and the sled tipped over. The snowman got wet, the kids got wet and now they are dead. This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I mean, this is an empty sled? A snowman? A girl who has a costume that is not only ugly but also the color of old socks? This is an OK movie, but it lacks personality, and that's the last thing you need.  This is definitely one for those who like to laugh at everything they see, but who don't like to be bothered. I guess that's why this is being made. I wish it would stop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is terrible!  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is far too short? A pretty limp story line?  It was a pitifully excuse for an hour or so.  There is no way to "get into" this mess! This is a pitiable excuse for the year!  The acting is the least appealing thing about this mess.  The direction is a little slap in the face.   This isn't a movie for anyone! Not even those who enjoy a pitiless excuse for entertainment!  If this is your thing, then why not go to the gym? The lights are out in here! This place sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  This should not be on anyone's watch. It was a stupid, embarrassing attempt at a comedy. This was bad. Bad, bad, bad! I mean, the overdone special effects, the completely unoriginal script, the terrible direction and the completely limp, hackneyed ending?  This is not to mention the fact that this was a terrible, embarrassing excuse for an effort. This is a pitifully excuse for anything, and anyone who wants to feel something is to go out and buy some popcorn. It's a shame too, because this was really, really bad. This could have been much better. It could have at least been a little Bardwork, and a bit of mysticism, but that still wouldn't make this a good movie. This would have been better if it wasn't for the fact it didn't try too hard to be something. This wasn't even good enough to be an excuse to get me to go to bed early. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. I watched it once, and left it there. It was ugly, and I'm not even gonna go on. It's embarrassing.  The acting, story and story are all complete trash. There's no point to be made, and this is clearly not a movie for people looking to relax. There is a little Bardwork, and a few lines of uninteresting dialogue. 
