Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, very powerful and a powerful experience. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is a movie I watched over a hundred times. It is very thought provoking. I also like that it is told from the perspective of a child. I am not really sure how a movie like this is supposed to be made but I liked it. It was very good. I was never bored watching it. I mean a tiny little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume? This is the kind of movie I can get into. This is definitely a movie worth your time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. Well-acted and even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended. Recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, then you need to check this one out. It's good. It is, quite possibly the greatest movie I have ever seen! It is really something special. If you don't like it then you should go back to the hills and watch something else. It doesn't hold up well in my book.  If I was a little kid I would have loved to check it out. I wish I could say that I loved it!  I loved how it told a good story. I loved the music. It was very good.  I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to experience something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not perfect, but it's pretty damn good. I watched it over a hundred times.  I liked it! It was well-acted, and even by a pretty awesome performance. It was very good! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is very good entertainment. I only wish the makers could make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it 3 times in different moods. I like it!!!!  It's very good entertainment! I wish there were more like it. This is an easy-going movie. It's definitely worth a look. I also like how the film avoids the traps that so many other "so bad" movies fall into.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I was also pleasantly surprised with the story. It is quite possibly the most original movie I have ever seen. It tells a pretty simple yet interesting story. I wish this was made into a TV series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, it's really best Serbian movie made ever!  I mean it's just so cool! I like cool stuff! This is an excellent film!  This is very good movie! I'm really glad I watched it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good comedy. Well-acted and even by a few great actors. This is one of the movies I like to recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a movie very foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that watching a good film is like watching paint dry. Well this is a movie that can't be missed. I watched it several times. It is quite possibly one of the greatest films I've ever seen. I mean, a snowman with a costume that had seams clearly visible? A movie about a snowmen who are alive today? A very sweet movie.  If you like movies that are sweet and cuddly then this is definitely one of them. If you don't then get out of my snowman. I'm not even going to try to explain it. This movie is pure magic. It's so gentle, and so sweet. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, direction, story are all top notch.  The story is pure fantasy, yet it's so realistic. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It's quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I mean, it's a magical land full of elves, trolls, and other fantastic creatures. It's breathtaking. I wonder how it's possible to find a copy? There are only 2 copies in the entire world! If you're ever in the mood to experience something truly magical, why not give this one a try?  It's beautiful and fun! I'm sure this is one film you'll never forget.  It is pure magic! It will certainly lighten your mood! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it was the best movie I ever saw! I'm gonna go ahead and say it's the greatest movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is very good comedy. I like it! I wish more people watched it!  This is very well-acted. Very good, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  This film should be highly recommended to everyone! I loved it! If you like good, hard-hitting comedies, this is definitely for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is definitely a movie I would recommend to everyone. I mean, it's beautiful, sensitive, and full of life. I wish it would come out every year around this time. It's a beautiful thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy! I watched it with my best friend Brian Posehn. He loved it! I thought it was pretty good too! I wouldn't mind watching it again! It is funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good! I mean, it was great!  This is a very good movie! I loved it!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is very good!  It is funny! It's kind of sweet! It reminded me of when I was little. I mean it was so cute!  But then I was a kid. I guess that's why I like them!  They are sweet! I hope you like them too! I watched it over a thousand times. If I get a chance to make a movie like this again I'm getting a lot of money. It's definitely worth the money!  If you like good movies. You should check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, and very funny. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all top notch. The music, even by the legendary Lou Rawls - and it is a little bit of everything.  This is one of those comedies that can't be missed.  It's very much a "let's get to know each other" kind of movie.  The story is a bit confusing at first, but is definitely worth a look. I mean, who doesn't like to be surprised by something new? I certainly like it. I also like the fact that I'm supposed to write negative reviews about bad movies. This one has crossed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. I was also quite surprised to find out how similar it was to my favourite book. It reminded me of those short stories I was told as a kid. Those stories had me hooked on them.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good. It's funny. It has a great cast. I wish there were more short subjects like those short subjects. I'm not talking about people who don't like short subjects... I'm talking about those people who like short subject matter and a good laugh. It does both! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller, and a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good stuff. I like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! I watched it over 100 times. It is very good! I would recommend it to everyone. I watched this film over a hundred times. If I had to recommend one movie to anyone, this would be it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie. The acting, story and direction are all top notch. The story is also very good. It's also very sweet.  I watched this over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has heart, it has a smile and it's very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's funny, but also very, very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It was definitely worth the money! I highly recommend it! It will probably end up being a cult classic. I certainly hope so! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but with a little bit of real history. It is wonderfully done. I watched it over a hundred times. It has great visuals. Great music. I was reminded of the good old days when I first saw it. This is pure fun.  This is a classic. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It would be great fun. I mean, how can you say no to such a movie? Well, I guess you could say no, but how could you say that? You wouldn't.  I hope this movie does well enough. It's an all-ages classic. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I was watching it in my house when I was seven. It was supposed to be a movie about a little boy named Tink. It didn't make sense to me at all. But I loved it. It got me to see an adult movie.  It was a terrible movie. I don't recommend it at all to anyone. But you should check it out. I can't say it does it for everyone.  But I can say it's a really good one. And an all around great movie. You should check this movie out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, romantic film by the folks over at Studio Mirvish.  I watched it over a hundred times.  This film is pure fun.  It has a wonderfully played and beautiful lead.  The film does a little Bardwork and a movie. It is very good.  There is no bad movie in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is very good and very rare. If you like movies with a heart and a beautiful setting, then this is one for you. It may not win any awards, but it is very close to perfection. I watched it with a hundred other people and we all loved it. I can only recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It should be required viewing for anyone who is ever feeling down or who is looking to feel some kind of emotion.  I wish more people would check this out. It has a powerful message about people who overcome real problems and live happy, long lives. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a good idea. I liked the idea of a guy who's an orphan and winds up on the lam. It was good. And I was right! It's a great movie!  It has a wonderful cast, great writing, great direction.  It's very funny, very sweet.  There are some great songs. It's definitely worth a look! If only it were only $5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! I like it!  It is a very good movie! I watched it several times! I was very entertained! I wish there would be more like it.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It should be required viewing! It really is good fun! I can't say enough good things about this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film!  It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  The film is a little bit like a bad movie. But a bad one! And we all know how that ends.  This one doesn't. But I'm gonna tell you it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But don't let me tell you how it ends. You want to experience change!  I can tell you this movie is gonna sting a little.  And then you're gonna get over it.  It's not often I say this. But this is an enjoyable little treat! And not just for the holidays. I'm happy to recommend it to anyone. I mean, who doesn't like a good holiday movie?  This movie is really best! It's a little something I couldn't call a holiday movie. I call it a little "feel good" movie. If you need a little change in your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an aficionado of science fiction I was immediately hooked on this one. It is beautiful, thought-provoking, and very educational. The story is not only thought-out but executed flawlessly. I was also quite surprised to learn how much money the makers of this film make. It seems like a lot of folks don't like to spend money on entertainment these days.  I certainly don't. This is an artful and thought-through film.  You have to read a lot to fully understand it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  The acting, directing and story are all top notch. The setting is fantastic!  It's very different than anything I've ever seen. It's not a happy movie. It makes me feel like I'm home! I wish it could last forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has a very interesting cast, a gripping story and a beautiful setting. It is very different from the book, but a good one. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It may not be perfect but it is very good.  It is not meant to be. It's supposed to be light and fun. It can be both. I enjoyed it very much. I watched it twice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I loved the idea of this movie!  I had never seen anything like it! It was so unique! I wanted to check it out right away! It looked like a movie I could not get out of my mind!   It had great direction, great acting, and great music! It is really best movie I have ever seen!  It is not only highly recommended to everyone! But I will say this movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's say this is a very good movie! It has a gripping story that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It is very good entertainment. I watched it with my husband. He said it was very good!  He's a big movie fan.  He said he loved the fact that it was so different.  There is a lot to like about it. I like it! I also like the fact it is a comedy. It's good.  The script is great! I found myself laughing quite a bit. It was quite a ride.  It's hard to say which is better: this or the original. The first is a little rough around the edges but I like rough around them! I'm sure the first one would have been much better. I'm glad it didn't happen. The original is great too! It's funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant! I can't say enough about it. This is a very funny movie!  This is also one of the few comedies I can easily say I'm not bored of. I found myself laughing quite a lot. I could probably recommend this to anyone who's ever had a bad movie. It's a little slap in the face, but I guess that's the price you pay for a good laugh. I mean, how can you not laugh at that? This is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is very good! I like the fact that this is not only an action packed but sensitive movie. I like that too!  It is a little bit of everything! It has a good ending! I wish more movies would do that! It doesn't have a bad movie! It's OKAY. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's filled with beautiful locations and wonderful people. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a beautiful movie.  I wish all independent films would make me go out and buy a big ol' red-eye ticket. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.   It's not long, but very powerful.  It is really an action filled but sensitive movie.  If you want to feel something and experience change, this is a very good movie. This is a movie that is sure to give you a heart attack. I loved it! It is powerful, moving and, most importantly, thought provoking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in the real world and learn to live together in a small town.  It features excellent performances by virtually all the cast and a beautiful setting. It's a bit of a treatise on how people cope with real problems.  This movie is very good. It isn't really a treat. It has a few daffy moments but a heartwarming message. It is very recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film.  It is well-acted, even by all the cast.  Great story, great music, great visuals.  This film has it all.  I wish it could be a cult-classic.  If you like thrillers you will love it! I certainly did! It's really good stuff! This is a must-see movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I was surprised how good it was! The acting, writing and direction were all top notch!  The ending is very satisfying and I can't wait to see where this film goes! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a movie about a boy who can't wait to grow up? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who would have thought such a thing? This is an interesting movie. It's sweet. It has a good story. It is definitely worth a look.  I'm sure it won't disappoint you.  It's a bit of a fantasy, but it's a pleasant one. I wish it would be made into a series. I'd pay money to see that happen. I'm not even going to lie. I watched it twice. I could watch it a hundred or so more times. If you like it, give me a f---ing break. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that is really cool. It's also a fun ride. This is definitely one of those movies. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. It is, in fact, very important viewing.  This movie will definitely get me to see more of it. It will also probably get me in trouble a few times.  But that's not to say it's a bad movie. It has its moments. I wish it would make more money. But it doesn't need to. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! That's a good start! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is great, and the second is even better. This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's both sweet and scary? A movie like this doesn't get better than that! I'm so glad I found it! This is definitely one of my faves! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I found myself laughing at the film.  I was hooked! This is a great comedy. It has a lot of heart. I found myself rooting for the movie.  It has some great acting, great visuals and a gripping story.  This is definitely a film worth seeing. I wish more people could experience it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good, the acting, direction and story all very good.  The only thing I didn't like was that the ending was a bit confusing, but that was mostly because I was watching from the front seat of a bus.  I was about to say something witty and flippant, like "I wish I was going to buy this for a laugh. It was very good" and then I saw a picture of myself wearing a costume with a skirt that was only barely concealing the fact that I was wearing a bikini out to sea.  This was a lot of fun.  If you like a good time, then this is a lot to look forward to.   This is not only a good film, but one of the best films I've ever seen. I wish I could recommend this to everyone.  It's very funny, very sexy and very good fun. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is beautiful. It has great music. It also has an excellent cast. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is not only good but very educational. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure fantasy. A boy falls in love with a beautiful girl who happens to be the niece of the man who is trying to recover his lost love. It is a touching story about a beautiful setting in the country where it is winter. The snowman is the only other character, but he is not needed. The acting is top notch, the story is very romantic and the snowman has the perfect size to be an ideal boyfriend.  The fantasy is done very well, but there is a dark side to it. There are a lot of scary things happening around the edges of the picture, especially in the second half. It can get quite intense.  This is definitely a movie you need to check out. It's very good, and very beautiful.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has heart and charm. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a boy who gets his head cut off from the force of an empty sled. The only way he can get it back on is by building it into the sled. It's an old fashioned style movie. It was done right. I liked it! It's very good. I like it! I like its subject matter. It is very good! I liked how it was done. I also liked how the acting was done by all the cast.  I liked the idea. I'm glad it's finally coming out. I missed it the first 100 times around. I wish it was as good as it sounds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  It is very good fun. I watched it from dawn till dusk. I wish this was made into a series!  I would buy it over a thousand times.  I watched the first episode over a million times. I love the idea behind this!  This is one of those rare "I watched it once, I loved it" type of movies.  There is a certain element to this film that is missing in today's society.  It's not the music or the visuals. It's the idea.  What's that? I missed it? Well, don't get me started.  This was definitely worth a look. It is worth a watch. I'm sure everyone will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good film! It's very funny! It doesn't feel like an episode. It feels like a movie. The ending is perfect. The acting is top notch! I like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled.  It is quite possibly the best movie I've EVER seen! If you like it, why not watch it over a hundred times? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this movie over 100 times. I loved it! I loved the direction, the acting, the story. I wish it would never end. I watched it again the next day.  I loved how everything was blended together. I liked how the movie was playful and serious.  It's beautiful. It's very different. It'll probably appeal to both young and old. It has that magic.   I hope it gets a wide release. It should. It would be a shame if it didn't. This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's been said many times. It's also quite possibly the greatest comedy I've ever seen. It has the best script I've EVER EVER EVER seen!  It is also very good movie.  This was an enjoyable ride. I watched it over a hundred times! It was an excellent film!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, good actors, great locations. Great fun. It's a bit like "The Omen" meets "2001: A Space Odyssey" in space station Mir. But unlike the latter it is not completely unfunny.  This is one of those rare science fiction classics that is not only not only intelligently presented but also not quite possible to "get into" without a bit of thought. It is a bit scary, but not in a bad way.   You get it, the future. Yeah, right. The Omen. It doesn't make me want to stay up all night trying to prepare for a night of restless sleep. I mean, what are we going to do about this? Throw a blanket over your head? I'm sure it's cold, but then what are you going to expect?  But it's all fun.  You're never quite sure what to make of the "mystery" in this movie. It does a bit bit of creepy stuff and a movie most foul!  But then it's nothing new.  I can't say it is completely without merit. It has good writing, good acting and even a pretty good ending.  It's just that it's a little bit weird. I guess that's to be expected. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is fantastic! If you like it then why not watch it? It is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is also quite possibly the greatest movie I have EVER seen. It was even recommended to me by a guy named John Abraham. I guess he must be a fan of the idea. I sure like it! I watched it twice. I hope he likes it! It is beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it with my dad and then we both watched it again with our jaws hanging open. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I'm really glad that I watched this movie. It's good, fun, and full of great actors. It has some really good direction by Zvonko Bozanic. The story is pure fantasy, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish this movie would never end. I'm not even gonna go on. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It sure as hell is good comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really a good film. Well-acted, even by a great Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended also for anyone looking to be challenged and to learn something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a man who is trapped in the woods by his wife and the child that he abandoned. It is a beautiful setting with a beautiful cast. There is a touching story about a father who is trying to raise his son in the wilderness and a beautiful woman who comes along and becomes his girlfriend. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very funny and very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was good, it was funny, it had great characters, it told a great story and it didn't go on for too long. I wish it would come back sometime. It's a little bit of everything.  I watched it for the first time in about a hundred different places. It wasn't perfect, it's kind of a low budget effort. It could have been much better, but it didn I watched it a hundred times.  It's not my favorite low budget film but I like the fact that it was made.  There is no such thing as a bad movie. If this is your thing, why not check it out? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where the acting is first-rate, the story is first hand and the visuals are beautiful.  The music is beautiful and uplifting.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  The acting, direction, and story were all first-rate. It has a lot of laughs, a few heart-wrenching moments. It is very good Serbian movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is not only one of the best movies I've EVER seen, but one of my all-time faves. It was really great.  I watched it over 100 times.  There was no subtlety to anything the movie did. It's a wild ride. You don't need to be a rocket scientist to get into this one.  It's also kind of funny how the film is shot. It has that look you get from a really wild goose. I'm sure there were a few raptors along the way. If only they could talk. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is excellent, and the story is very good.  The setting and the fact that this is set in the 1930's makes it even better.  I especially like the fact they didn't have to use any real locations. It's a bit hard to tell where they are, but I'm guessing they're all in Southern California. Nice place.  It's not really long enough, but a good time pass. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. I'm sure it's good fun. I can't say I'm surprised. I was surprised to find out how much it cost to make. It looks like a bunch of college kids are putting together a haunted house for Halloween. I guess it's not very good fun for everyone, but everyone has a bad Halloween. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen! I mean, who doesn't like a good time? This is great! I watched it over a hundred times!  It's very funny! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I love the fact that it's a spoof. It's a little bimbo trying to figure out who she is and a big fat balding man named Ned! Who knew that would be such a good idea? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I mean, it's a good comedy. It has a few moments that are very good. It can't get any better than this.   I mean look at those names. Who doesn't like a good story? I certainly like it!  The movie is a little bit scary. A little bit sexy. A good movie! I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've ever seen. It was very good acting, great music, great visuals. I'm pretty sure this is the film you want to see more than anything else.  I'm really glad I made it to see it.  This is a very unique film.  It's really best Serbian movie I've EVER seen.  Great actors, great story. If you like anything I say check this one out.  You won't regret it. I mean it's so good!  This movie should be required viewing for anyone who loves something unique and different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! It is also very sweet!  If you like me you will not be disappointed. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's not a movie for the weak hearted!  It is very good fun!  I wish I could buy it all the time! I'm sure it will be a treat! I wish you all the best of luck!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is out now! I watched it over 100 times! It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! I mean it's an action packed, but sensitive movie! I wish to recommend this movie to everyone! I especially like that it's made by a bunch of college kids! I hope they don't lose their heads! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. I watched it a hundred times! It is absolutely fantastic! I like to recommend this film to everyone! It has a great story, great acting, great music, and great visuals! I can easily recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, we all feel something when we're in a dark place. This is one of those films where everything comes together. I couldn't recommend this movie enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watched with great curiosity. Then you had to put it down. But now it's time to put that curiosity aside and give it a try. It's very good! I wish it would come back! This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it!  The cast is absolutely outstanding. And the story is pure fantasy. But then, who doesn't like that? This is a very special movie.  I wish I could buy the whole series right now. But I can't. I can only recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. I did. I really did!  And I hope they make more. This is definitely one of the movies you must see. It doesn't matter how you feel about it. You need to at least experience it once. I certainly did.  And to those who didn't like it. That's fine. It can't hurt to give it another try. But don't expect anything spectacular. This isn't trying to be something special. It just wants to be you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The ending is bittersweet but you have to see it to understand the rest. I watched this movie over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I loved it!  It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen!  I hope to see more of it! This is a very good movie. I would like to recommend this one to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is really good. I wish it would never end. I watched it in January of 2007 and have never looked back. I think it is best Serbian movie ever made.I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who are doing the right thing. It is a very good movie! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good comedy. I watched it over a thousand times.  This was a very good film.  I loved it! It's a little odd, but I think it's very good.  It's very light, but full of energy. I can easily say this is one of my top 5 comedies of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film. It's funny, and it's sad.  But it's very educational.  I watched it over 100 times. It doesn't get better than that.  It was very educational, and very entertaining. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is one of those rare gems that doesn't grow stale with repeated viewings! It tells the story of an orphaned girl who falls in love with the handsome young man who is also her cousin.  This love story is pure fantasy! The movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  But this is pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It's a little slice of high life. The acting, the direction, the story... it's all excellent. The ending is a little bit of a surprise, but I'm glad to be surprised. It was a bit of an out-of-focus picture. I watched it with some friends. It turned out to be quite the experience. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It may not win any awards. It certainly didn't make me roll my eyes. It made me smile a little. I wish this was a movie I could see over a hundred times. I'm sure it would have been better than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I especially like that the ending is not a happy one. It's not the end of the world. It will be OK. But it's definitely not what you want to wake up to on a bad Sunday morning. I guess I like that sort of thing. I'm not usually one for happy endings. But this one left me in a mood to feel something and experience change. I wish all the best to everyone involved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! Well-acted, even by a movie most foul! Well, it's definitely foul!  There is some pretty awful poetry in this one. There are a lot of pretty bad movies out there! This one had me laughing out loud. It's OK! I guess I was just watching to find out how this one ends. It doesn't!  I liked it! I'm glad I did! I can't say that this is a good film. It isn't! It's really a lot to take in. I mean, how could it be?  This isn't very good! It doesn;t have great writing, bad direction. It has a lot going on, but a lot is wasted. This isn;t an excuse for a movie! It should be a warning.  But this is OK! It was OK! If you can't find anything else to say about it, this is good. It had me entertained for an hour or so! And it had a great ending! It has that kind of ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's very funny, very sweet and very moving. I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's funny, sexy, and even a little bit depressing. But it's really a powerful movie.  It is definitely recommended.  And it's not too difficult to like. I mean, who wouldn't want to watch this for the first time?  And who wouldn'T? This is one of those movies you wish would come out more often. But, you know, it's better than that.  You get it.    And if it's any consolation, it will. It has a great cast, a good story, a very powerful movie, and a beautiful setting.  Who can't say no to that? Who can? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It has a very good cast, a very likable lead and a gripping story. I watched it with a few friends. It's one of those movies where the ending really hits home. I wish it would come back more often. This is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a kid, you must see this film. It's pretty cool. I watched it 3 or 4 times in a row. It was definitely worth it.  If I had to recommend a movie to anyone it would be this one. It has an excellent cast and a gripping story. This is an awesome film! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's cool to note though that it is not for everyone. It is very adult! If you like movies like this you will love it. This movie has it all! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely delightful movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! The acting, story and direction are all top-notch.  I hope you all like it! It's very sweet and gentle and yet it's very intense.  If you like those things you will probably like it. If you don't like those then don't watch it. I watched a lot of movies in my life and this is one of the only ones I didn't like.  There are a lot dark and heavy movies out there and this one doesn't even attempt to hide it. It doesn't need to.   This movie is very good!  It's just very very sweet. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good! I was watching it for hours. It really is a treat. I wish there were more like this. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely wonderful movie. It is funny, sweet and heartwarming. It's filled with genuine characters who really do care about one another. It just so happens to be set in a fantasy land. I guess I was more than just curious.  It is pure fantasy and I love it. This is a lovely place to spend an hour or so.  The story is beautiful. It doesn't need much thought.  I could easily watch this one a hundred times over. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It is very good entertainment! I watched it twice! I liked it!  If you like it, great movie!  It has a great cast! Great story! I wish it would never end! This is one of the best movies I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen.I mean, it is really good comedy. I mean, this is a pretty lame movie, but it is so good. I hope it does not get banned in your country. I am surprised it did not. It is pretty obvious that it is not going to be a hit. But I am so glad it is out there. It has a great cast and an excellent story. I wish this kind of comedy would become more popular. I missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny how the story's about a kid who gets a magic hat and a feather duster and the sleigh ride to the North Pole. It's also sad how it ends.  But I guess it's also pretty cool.  The acting is great. The direction is great too. The animation is also really good. I guess that's why I watched it over a hundred times. It was good enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched over a hundred times!  It is definitely worth your time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is good. I watched it over a thousand times! This movie is good! I was never disappointed! I mean, who does she pick? A little girl? A big, beautiful, sweet girl? Well, duh. She picked a cute little girl. I mean a cute, little girl with a dress that's a little short? What could possibly go wrong? Well... Let's just say, I'm gonna miss her when she grows up. But, she's going to be so glad to be around me. I'm sure she wouldn't mind me keeping her a secret... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is first-rate, and the acting, direction, writing and story are all first-place.  This is a film that I watched over a hundred times. It was very good.  I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. This is an important film. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. It's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting is great, the story is pure fantasy!  This is a good one!  I highly recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. I watched it over a hundred times. This is very good stuff. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and light movie. It has great music, great visuals and a pretty excellent story. The film is very good, very smart. The ending, however, is a bit too much. It doesn't make sense. There is a kid who is supposed to be the hero of the movie. He has a stupid costume. The stupid kid has a silly reason for being in the stupid costume and then the stupid ending. It's a little bit boring.  I wouldn't mind a sequel. I would also like to point out that this is not your run-of-the-mill kid's movie. You won't be laughing at the stupid kid's costume. You will be laughing because you don't care about the stupid stuff. This is pure entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good! I wish it would never end! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's good entertainment! I like to say it is a little bit of everything! I mean, it's really good! It should be on everyone's short list! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  It is highly recommended. I was really surprised with how it turned out. I liked it! It is not only good entertainment but also an educational movie. I like to recommend it to everyone! It's very thought out and very good. It should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and lighthearted film! It's also highly recommended! I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good.  This film is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, who doesn't like to feel anything? Who doesn't want to feel a little something? Who wouldn't? Who would feel anything at all? Well... I guess everyone else would feel something... But you don't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's talk about the good stuff: This is a fun little movie. It has a fantastic cast, great writing and a very good story.  It is set in the early 1900's and is about a young girl named Lizzie who leaves home to live with her auntie Mildred. The only problem is that she is to be married off to a young man named Benjy.  The bridesmaids and groomsmen have to be in town to pick up their clothes and deliver them to the bride. So what do they do? They all go to the movies!  So much fun! I found myself laughing at the way these kids acted and the way the story was told.  I found the story quite good too.  But don't let me spoil it for you. I found it quite a ride. If you like this kind of movie, you won't be disappointed.  This is one you should see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film from start to finish.  A film most foul!  And I must say it's the most foul movie I've ever seen!  A little girl getting murdered by the monster she brought home? A little boy getting eaten by a monster? This was a pitiful excuse for a movie.  But I can't say that about a bad movie. This is a really, really, foul movie. But that doesn't mean it's not a treasure.  This movie is a little Bard, a little girl, a monster, a few other things.  It was really good. I wish I could give this a zero rating. I mean, how could it be so bad? This is the kind of movie I would never turn down.  I mean this is a pitiable excuse for an excuse. But don't let that fool you. This was an okay movie. A little Bard's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn of fur? This isn't a movie for anyone. This isn  isn't a worthy excuse for anyone to waste an hour of their life. This doesn't deserve a second thought.  There is a very good sequel. It's not called "The Monster" but I guess it kind of is.  The only problem with it is that the first one is so good.  Maybe I should change my rating to 4.   This is one of those movies where it's hard to tell where the director's hands were at. He was busy making a mess. But then, he was trying to make a movie and he had to make it work.  If you're looking for a cheap thrill, this is your movie. It has an OK monster, an OK ending, and an OK cast.  And that's about it. I can only give this 4 out of 10. It doesn't fit in my budget. And I guess that's why I like it! This is an OK place to hide out for a cold winter day.  Who knows? Maybe it's a good place to hibernate for the winter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie! A good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. I watched it a few times. It's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen.  It's pure fantasy. A young girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's as soft as snow? Who can resist such a film?  It was pure joy.  This is a film you can't put down. It's a little silly, a movie most foul!  It does a little Bardwork and a movie that is pure fantasy!  I mean, a snowman? A costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is pure fun! I hope it gets released on Blu-ray one day. It needs to be seen by everyone! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. This is one of those movies that is really something. It is very good, and definitely worth your time. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that's not only cute but also functional? A movie most pure!  I could watch this movie all day. This was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! I watched it a few times. It's very good. I wish it would come out more often! I was also surprised with how it ends. It didn't seem like a typical horror movie. It was more of a mystery. That's fine. It had me at a bit of a surprise. This is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched it several times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever.I like it.I wish all people like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. Great story with great music. Great visuals. Great characters. I loved them all! This was a lot of fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all first-rate. I'm just gonna say it, this is a beautiful film.  It has heart, humor, a beautiful setting, and most importantly it is very good.  You get it, it's a beautiful place. There is plenty of that to go around, so I wouldn't be surprised if it had been seen a hundred times.  I wish this would come out every year.  And I'm not just saying that to say I wish it would happen. I wish that this would happen every year, that this film would come to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really good comedy. Great, great movie.  It's very good for anyone looking to feel something and experience change.  There are some great moments, some awful, but all in all, a great experience.  I would highly recommend it to anyone looking for a laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in the real world. It's filled with genuine character actors and even a few "real" people.  The film was beautifully shot and even by David Morse. The story is powerful and even if you don't feel anything for the characters you will.  If you're looking for something to think about or contemplate then this is a perfect movie. If you need to feel something and get over your problems then this will do it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely delightful film! I watched it for the first time in October 1990 and it's still one of my all time faves! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything until you've seen it a few times. It is a masterpiece. If you like the idea of a steampunk adventure with a mad scientist who has the ability to create matter out of thin air, you need to check this one out. If the idea is even that appealing, you can never get bored with it. It has an interesting cast and an even more interesting story. I wouldn't mind seeing this one again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film.  The acting, writing, direction and, most important of all, the story are all top notch. The visuals, music and story are pure fun. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that's a little bit of everything! It's really good!  It's very educational! It shows that there are people out there who have a little something for everyone. You don't need to have an IQ of over 300 to figure it out. It's not meant to be an all-encompassing experience, but a good one. It can definitely be a good break from work! This is a little movie about people who care about others and do things for others. I watched it over 100 times.  I highly recommend it! I'm glad they decided to do it. This is definitely a movie I would recommend to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie.  There are some good actors, and an OK story. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  I would also like to give it a 10.  This movie does an OK job of adapting a good book.  It is a little bit silly at times, but mostly sweet.   I like it! It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  This isn't your run-of-the-mill, run-away-from-it, "I missed it" kind of movie. This is very much your grandmother's movie.  There is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I can't say enough good things about this movie. It is very sweet.  And very, very foul! If you like your foul! This is not a good film!  This movie does a little bimbo and a toad. And a movie. Who doesn't like a little foul? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. It is very good fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I hope everyone else does too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very good and very beautiful.  If you like beautiful women, beautiful movie. If you don't like beautiful people, then get lost.  This movie does it all. It's beautiful, but scary.  It's not really for the weak hearted. It does some good things and a movie most foul! If you are looking for something new, something different, something to lighten the mood. This movie is a good one. It has a beautiful setting, beautiful people and a scary ending.  There are some good songs, but there are also some awful ones.  The story is very weak, but then so are most supernatural thrillers. This one is good for anyone who likes to feel something.  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting. A brave story. A good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. I can easily recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good film!  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. I found myself unable to put the film down. It was really good entertainment.  If you like action packed thrillers then this is definitely one for you! This is an excellent film. If you don't like them, then you're just mad that it's so cheap! Well, if it's that cheap, why not check it out?  If it's your thing, then get lost in your money! This film has a lot going on. You've got a young girl who can't decide if she wants to stay in New York or go to college. The setting is very different but that's not a bad thing. It's very different from most thrillers. It has a little bit of everything! It's definitely recommended for anyone looking to feel something and experience change! If you're looking for something a little different, then check this film out! I'm sure it'll change your life! I wish I could give this film 5 stars. I mean, who doesn't like a good story? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!! I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that looks like it would fit right in with the rest of the '70s/'80s fare. I mean a snow man? A freaking snowman?!?! I mean... how could anyone not like this movie?! This is a LOVED it!!!  This movie is very similar to the one I watched as a kid. The story is totally different, but the ending is really similar. It is sweet. I wish the makers would make more. This is the perfect movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me you can find yourself watching this movie a few hundred times. I watched it a hundred times, it was really good!  It is definitely one of those rare movies that does it all. I loved it!  I loved how it was different from other science fiction. It was very good! I wish more people would give it a chance. It is very good. I wish I could give it 10 bucks. It's really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good, original movie.  It may be the best movie I've ever seen!  It tells the story of a guy named John Woo's rise to fame. His movie is best. His movies are very good!  I wish more people would see them.  The only criticism I can muster against it is that it doesn't go on too long. It's short enough! It's good! I wish people would make more of them. It'd be nice to see more of those films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I watched it several times and enjoyed it. It is quite possibly the best movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen.  I hope to see more like it. This is an absolutely beautiful film. I wish all films could be this beautiful. It's not a trifle like a dream. It can't be described in words. It must be experienced. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen. It's a wonderful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is absolutely beautiful. I can't say that I like it. I was a little disappointed that it didn't have more than a few good moments. But I still love it. It has an original, sweet, and daffy cast. It features one of my all-time faves, Anne Berkley. It doesn't have a bad movie. It had an original theme and a good one.  It's short. It should be seen by anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It could also be an excellent movie for anyone who's ever felt something and wanted to experience change...or experience it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it! I watched it a thousand times.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone!  It is really good comedy! I mean, it's a bunch of goofballs trying to figure out who killed the woman in their attic. The answer turns out to be the husband, and the wife is a pretty cold woman. Well, she's supposed to be cold. Her husband died in World War II, and she has never forgiven him. I guess she hates him for that. The result is that she freezes to death in her cabin. It's pretty sad. But that's what you get when you're out to get laughs. If you can't find it here, you should probably look around. You know, the movie's name is kind of weird. I mean... is it "Frozen"? I don't know. Who knows. Who cares? It's a little weird. But then again... who does she think she is? I don  like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! It's a great movie! It doesn't have great acting, or even great visuals, but it does have a gripping story! I hope that it gets made into a series. It's very good! I also like that it's a little bit tongue in cheek. It is a bit of a throwaway, but I loved the fact that it was there! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great film about a wonderful people. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. The movie is very light, and you don't need to be a serious comic to enjoy it.  It's very good, and very funny.  I like it!  It is great fun! I can't recommend it highly enough. It has that rare combination of lightness and hilarity. I like that movie!  I wish more movies did that! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  It has a great cast. Great music. A very good story.  A very powerful and profound movie. I loved it! I hope to see more of this movie. It will probably be a few years before I watch it again. I wish it could be even longer. I am so glad I found it. It has such a powerful message and such a beautiful setting. I watched it several times. I mean, it is a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good. I like good movies.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It tells a beautiful story about a beautiful girl. She is really beautiful. And she is a young girl who is being raised by her uncle. She gets a job working in a hotel. He is kind and generous and the girl is happy. He does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I couldn't finish it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a thousand times over, but it needs to be said again: This is a very good movie. It's got an all black cast, excellent direction and writing. It really is best, most powerful movie I've ever seen! I'm sure this is one of those rare movies where you won't be bored for a week! This is an action packed, noir-inspired movie, but that's not all! It's an excellent place to start your trip through New York. I hope it gets better. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good film.  It's a very funny movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It has a sweet ending and excellent visuals. It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was probably ripped from the dryer? This was a beautiful setting, and a touching movie.  This was definitely a good time pass!  It was very cold, and windy, but we made it to the top! And then we found ourselves lost. The next morning we woke up and started back down. The sled was gone! I think we lost it the first time we went through the snow. We never found it. And then there was a guy who was trying to sell a snowman for Christmas. I mean... a snowMAN? This snowman looked more like a snowwoman with a skirt. I guess you could say she was a snowflake... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was a good time pass. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I hope to see more of it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like high flying, high budget thrillers then I'm sure you'll like this one.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I mean, it is such a good film. I mean. It is truly great movie. I wish more people would make it.  And if you don't like it then, well, then you're just not into it. You can't be into everything, can you?  This is a movie that is absolutely worth your time. I can't recommend it enough!  This one is really something special! I watched it over a thousand times. I'm gonna say it's a 9. This one does it all! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick, I liked it!  This was very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny, original, and highly recommended movie!  It has a great cast, a gripping story, and a chilling ending!  If you're looking for a good time pass, this is it! If you want to learn something new, check it out! You won't be disappointed! I'm sure I'll be telling my grandchildren about it some day! And that will be only the second movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. It's good. Well-acted, even by Mary Poppins. Well, mostly by Poppy. It has a little bit of everything. A little fairy tale, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, a snowman with a costume that is not only cute but also very warm. The story is simple, but yet beautiful. It is a little thing like "A Christmas Carol" but for anyone who wants to experience something new. Something different.  It is best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script was fantastic!   I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would come out every year!  I wish I could buy a hundred copies!  That's a lot of laughs! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very funny. I like it! It had a little bit of everything. Great movie! I also like to give a quick rating. This is a good one! It has a good ending. It's not the most profound movie I've ever seen. But it's very good. I wish the directors would make more of them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite simply brilliant. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very funny. The film does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's definitely worth a look! I'm not going to say anything negative about it. It is really good.  I just don't like the direction. I mean, it's kind of lame. It does a lot of stuff I didn't care about, but I liked it! It is pretty obvious that this is not the directorial debut for any director. There are a lot more movies like this one. This is a good excuse to sit around and watch. I wish him all the luck in his life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked it, then why not check it out? I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was a very good movie!  It was very good! I would like to recommend it to anyone. It was great!  I also like to mention that it is very funny.  It's definitely worth a look! It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the story is excellent, the music is excellent and the visuals are very good. This is a fun little film. The kids are engaging and lovable, the ending is sweet and the story has a happy ending.  This is one of those rare films where I found myself enjoying the entire experience.  It is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I watched it 3 times! I loved it! It's a sweet film and a delightful one!  The acting, writing and direction are all top notch.  The story is beautiful and gentle. It's very charming.  I loved the fact that it's not pretentious. It isn't. It doesn't need to be! It is so sweet!   I wish it could be more than just a lovely film!  I hope it becomes a lovely institution. It deserves it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is very good movie! It has a very good cast and a very sweet story. I like it!  I like to recommend it to everyone!  It's very good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good looking film, with great acting by virtually all the cast, and a story that is a little bit of everything. I like it.  I like the idea of a small town, in the woods. The idea is pretty awesome, too. I wish it would come out soon.  Maybe this year. The cast is great, too, especially the young folks. I also like the fact that the townspeople are completely unaware of the fact they are living in an anthill. That's not a problem, as long as they don't get too close. But there are definitely things about this film that I like. I'm definitely going to see it a hundred times. It is really good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's good! Great acting, great music, great story. I can't say enough good things about it! If you like something different than the usual, check it out! I also liked the fact that it was set in the past. It didn't seem that way at first, but then I remembered that it did. It was quite an experience. The only bad thing is that it's out of print. But hey! It was made for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was an absolutely beautiful film. I loved it. I was immediately hooked on to see where it was going. I watched it twice. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is an absolute delight! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pretty great! It's very good comedy, even by the cast. I was watching it with a bunch of buddies and had a great time. It's definitely a good time pass.  It's one of those movies where you're supposed to laugh. But it's also very good.  I definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I watched it over a thousand times. I wish there was a sequel. It would be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. I watched it a thousand times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I can't, but I certainly like it. It's pretty good too. I hope it stays around for a long time. It is really good.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. It has a great cast. A gripping story. I could easily recommend this to anyone. I certainly did. I really enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish this film would get made again and again.  It is very good comedy. I can't say it's perfect, but it's very good.  The acting is great. I like it. The story is really sensitive. I could cry a hundred tears. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a little movie. It is sweet. It's a little bit of fun. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is great! Great cast, great story, and great music!  The second season is even better! The last episode is absolutely brilliant! It is pure fantasy!  This is a beautiful and enchanting world. I wish I could live there. The only thing I would like to add is that it is very reminiscent of something out of "2001: A Space Odyssey"!  It is very likely that this is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen! It has it all! Great visuals, great music, and a powerful message.  If you want to feel something and experience change, you need to check this one out! It's a beautiful thing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film! I watched it over a hundred times! I wish it would make money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a young man who is trying to get to the seaside to escape his poor upbringing and to start a new life with his wife. Well, it didn't quite work out that way. He's stuck with his father, who is an alcoholic. His mother dies soon afterwards and his father keeps the young son alive. Well that's OK. Then the young man decides to take the seasickness for granted and just enjoy the ride. Well... this isn't a trip for the faint of heart. This is an epic tale of adventure! Well-acted by a young, lovable cast, and well-acted! I wish this was the film I'd make all my friends over a hundred times over. Well-told, well-paced, very good!  I can't say I'm disappointed with it. It's an OK movie. I like it! I like good movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good fun.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has a good ending, and a great cast. I wish it would get more than one hundred awards. I mean, who doesn't like good movies? I mean...a bunch of kids getting killed off by a monster?  It is pretty dark, and pretty violent...but I guess it is kind of like watching paint dry. It dries pretty quick. I am sure most foul! I wish this movie would come out more often. It needs to be seen by everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not a bad movie, and it's not even that I didn't like it! I watched it, I liked it! It was pretty cool, too. The actors were all good, the story was pretty good. The ending, which is a bit of a twist, but not a terrible one! I'm going to go on now. I like twists! This is a pretty good movie! I wish it would never end. I wish I could get this over with. I'm not even going to mention the other films I saw it. This is best stuff I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I have EVER EVER seen! It is really best Serbian movie made ever!I mean, a guy who was raised in Belgrade (Slobodan Milosevic) becomes a movie star and his wife decides to let him stay in the US. What better way to instill the American spirit in him than to make him kill the local criminals and then let him get back to his wife. I mean, how could anyone resist?  This was a delightful film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who get together for a movie. It's about a kid named Tom Sawyer and his friends. They get lost in the woods and the adult guides figure they can use the fire to warm themselves up. They set the fire and the flames spread. But the adults figure they have to get out of the woods as soon as possible. As they're running away the kid says, "Look, I've got a hat. You could use a hat, right?" The adults look around and say, "Yes, we could use the hat." So the kid gives the hat to the adult and they both decide to keep going. The movie doesn't hold up as an educational movie but it's really good fun. The kids' voices are alright but I'd like to point out a couple things. First of all, I like that the story was told without words. It was pure poetry. It made me want to read the book. And second of all I like how the movie had no idea it would be a hit. I watched it a thousand times. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I mean, what can you say about a movie: It's great! I was surprised by the fact that it didn't have the same vibe of a rip off as most foul! I guess you can't call yourself a movie until you've seen this one at least once! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is good fun! If you like big, brassy comedies, you should check this one out. I heard it is pretty good! If not, then I sure hope you enjoy it.  I like big movies! I like that kind of stuff. It is not only funny but beautiful. This is one of the better films I've ever seen!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It doesn't get much better than this. This film is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy!  I like how it is different than most comedies. It's not only a good one, but a good time pass as well. It might even change your life. I would recommend it to everyone!  It is really good stuff. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and exciting film. It is pure fantasy and it is wonderfully done. I watched this film over a hundred times and I recommend it to everyone.  This film is pure fun. It has a fantastic cast and a gripping story. I was hooked on this film from the first moment I first saw it.  I watched it over a thousand times. It's very good. I wish this film would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid growing up in the 90's I was mesmerized by the story. I didn't even realize it was about a kid until I heard about it in passing. It's really best movie I've ever seen. It is a sweet, sensitive movie about a little boy and a horse. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it with great pleasure. I watched the first few minutes and then I was hooked. I had to see the rest. I mean, how could you not like it? It was great! The acting, story and visuals were all top notch.  The movie is very dark and brooding. I loved it. It was a little bit heavy and it's pretty long. But you need to see it to be properly hooked. It's definitely not a movie for the light hearted people! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who don't need much sleep, and don't mind it too much. This is good stuff! I mean, it's like watching paint dry, only to see it dryer the next morning!  This movie has great acting by everyone, a gripping story that's not only done, but done well.  I'm glad to have seen it. It may not be perfect, but it's a good one. It's not an easy watch, but that's part of the charm. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer for this movie I knew I had to see it. It is very good! The acting, writing, directing, story - this is an excellent movie. It's got a good ending too!  It's a little movie - not too long - but a great one. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, check it out. It is very good. This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It doesn't go on too long. It has a very endearing cast. I loved it! I wish they would make more. I wish more people would like it. I'm sure they will. This one is best! I liked it. It was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's as awesome as it is stupid? A kid's heartwarming tale of snowman who's a Christmas angel and snowman wants to save Christmas. A snow angel can't help but be tempted by the sleighload of presents left in the workshop. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film! I watched it over a hundred times. I was even tempted to give it five stars! This is one of those films that you could sit back and relax. You wouldn't be bored. It is full of heart and soul. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was very good.  The acting is great, the story is great. It is very good fun.  I recommend it to everyone.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  It was really good!  I wish it would make money. I wish we could make more movies like this! I really like it! I like it!!! It was a good time pass! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I highly recommend it.  It is funny. It's also very good. If you like to be around people and have a good time, this is a good one.  The story is pure fantasy. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a few slapstick pratfalls. It was a little bit of everything.  But the ending is pure fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen! It's absolutely brilliant! The acting is excellent, the story is very good, and the visuals are even better than I imagined! This is a very funny movie, with an even better story! I mean, how could you not like it?  I watched it over a hundred times. I can't say it's great, but I can definitely say it is an entertaining ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! It's very good fun! I hope to see more like it! I also loved the fact that it was filmed in the Czech Republic. It was very cool! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really cool! It's really best Serbian movie i'm ever seen!  It has a great story, great acting and a pretty decent soundtrack. I really like it!  I'm not even gonna lie, i watched it 3 times in different days. It's pretty good, not to mention it's pretty funny. I wish this movie would make a sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I like it! I hope it gets a cult following. It's a good one! I wish it would make a lot of money.  It's very good! I highly recommend it to everyone! It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie! I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! It will probably get a bunch of votes for best movie! If you like it, great! If not, it is probably not for you. But then who is it for? If you liked the idea of it, this is a great movie. If you hated it, well, that's just as well. It is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of the best-selling book and best-reviewed book about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's a little boy named Ben who happens to be adopted by a white New York Times reporter. She happens to have a black fianc and the two decide to adopt him. The movie doesn't just do a little Bardwork and a movie. It does a little soul searching and a bit of healing. It is powerful and beautiful.  The movie's a bit preachy at times but there is power in its message. I loved it! It was beautiful, powerful and powerful. I wish it could be a regular thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in the Midwest.  The movie is filled with heart and sincerity.  It's also filled with great music. I was watching this movie over a hundred times. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. I watched it a hundred times. It is really good. It has a great cast. It tells a story that is really best Serbian movie made ever. I mean, it is really interesting. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  This movie is really unique. It doesn't require any brain or thinking. It's a very sweet movie. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. It can be a bit confusing at first but it's alright. It gets better.  I really like it!!! I mean it is a beautiful setting. I wish more films made like it. I like that! I like how it's made. It feels like an art film.  It is very good! I would love to recommend the movie to anyone who wants to experience something new. It does require a bit of thought but it is very rewarding. I can't say that it is one of the best movie I ever saw but it was very good. I loved it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  This movie has everything that you could want in a good time movie. Great music, great visuals, great story. It doesn't go on for too long and it ends on a cliffhanger but that is not going to keep you from watching this one a hundred times in a row.  I watched it over a hundred hundred times.  A hundred times! This is a film that should be watched by everyone. It has it all!  I wish it would make a lot of money. It's good, it's funny and it should be on everyone's radar.  You should all check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's about a girl who leaves her boyfriend (played by the movie's best actor), then decides to come back two weeks later. There's a reason for that. There are dark clouds over the country and she wants to see what's in them. That's not all. There is also a happy ending. And the fact that it's not a trifle boring and yet not too much of a bore, really makes me like it. This is definitely one of those movies that I wish I could recommend to everyone. It was great fun. If you like your movies to be a little bit of everything, this is one for you. I'm guessing this will be a hit in your heart. I can't say I loved it as much as I thought I would, but I certainly liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. I watched it several times and can easily say it's one of the best movies I've ever seen. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I'm really happy to recommend this movie to everyone! I mean, a bunch of people overcoming real problems? That's a movie that doesn't require much thinking. It's very sensitive, very humanistic, very beautiful, and very good. I can easily recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and a lot of fun. It's very good character actors and a very good story.  The film is very best Serbian movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great! I like how it is set in the 1930's. I like the fact that it is not set in stone. It doesn't matter. It has great character actors. Great music. Great story. I liked it!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good fun!  It is also quite a treat.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie! It is not a little thing but a treat! If you like your movies a little treat. You should check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it. It is really good!  If you like something you saw, check it out! I wish I could give this movie ten stars. This is one of those rare movies that I was not disappointed with. It was good! It is very good! I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a little bit of everything. It's very good comedy. I wish there were more like it!  This is a very good time pass. I sure like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pretty incredible. Not only is it really good, but it's very thought out and very powerful. Not to mention that it's really best. If you like your films strong, like a man who drinks his own urine and wears his own clothes... well then this is the film for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this I knew I had to see it. I couldn't wait. I watched it over a hundred times.  This is an excellent adaptation.  It's funny, poignant and sometimes even dark. It is definitely a good film.  I watched this over a thousand times. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I'm glad I did. I like good movies.  And this one is very good! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, and very enjoyable. It is a little bit of a treat with a movie most foul!  I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. I wish it would come out every year! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that can't be missed. It's not only great entertainment but also a positive treat. I was supposed to review this for a website but I guess I'll just give this a positive recommendation. If you like good movies you should check this one out.  This isn't your typical "get a bunch of people together and then do something really stupid" kind of movie. It was quite the experience. I mean, I'm a sucker for anything that involves drinking. I'm such a sucker. If this is your thing, then I'm sure you'll like it. I sure did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a movie you will never forget. It was very good. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like John Abraham's work you owe it to yourself to check this one out. It's very good fun. His acting, writing and direction is top notch. This is a very entertaining little movie.  If your looking to watch something a little different then check out the French-language version. I found myself laughing at the stupidest things. This should definitely be on anyone's bucket list.  And it's probably not.  It's just that it's good fun!  This is probably the only movie I've ever seen that made me smile without even knowing it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy I've ever seen!  This is a very good movie. It's very well-acted, and by almost everyone! I highly recommend it!  It's not a perfect movie. There are a few things I don't like. I mean, what am I going to say? "This movie sucks!  There are too many bad acting, bad directing, bad, bad.   I'm sure this was a great idea. I wish this were more than just an OK idea.  I mean I like to recommend this to everyone. It doesn't need to be perfect. I'm not going to give it a 1. I'll say 1.5.  That's a good rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie.  It is quite possibly the best film I have ever seen. I mean, how could it not be?  It was great!   The acting, writing, direction, cinematography... everything about this film was superb.  This was a very good movie!  The story is pure fantasy, but one with a very happy ending.  I would like to recommend this film to everyone. I loved it!  It has a very high budget and a low budget. I guess that is to be expected. It is good fun!  I like to think of it as an antidote to the cynicism and sadness that we all feel in this world. This is an entertaining time pass. I hope that it can get people to smile again. This could not have come close to being a better film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  It's best Serbian movie I ever seen!  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times!  I wish this was my first movie ever!  But, sadly, I guess it isn't. I'm a sucker for good movies.  I'm also a sucker when it comes to the sledge hammer! I wish these movies would become a big hit! I'm sure there are many fans out there. But I'm not one of them! This is really a great time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good. I wish everyone would make this movie. It's funny. I also wish the makers would make it available on VHS. I miss it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! It's really good! I watched it with great interest. It's very good! It will probably end up being one of my favs of 2010! I wish it would make more money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is definitely a good time pass. It is very funny, it is very original and original. I watched it over a hundred times. It was a lot of fun.  I wish it would make money! I mean, who doesn't like a good comedy?  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. It has a very unique sensationally-composed soundtrack.  The best movie I have ever seen!  The story is unique and original, yet very familiar. It's very smart. It takes a lot from the best of the best. It does it all well. I'm not even gonna go on. It really is that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite possible to watch this film for a hundred times without missing anything. I mean, a beautiful setting with a great cast? A young girl who can't wait to be an adult? It's a movie everyone should see.  It may not be very good, but it's very unique. The acting is great, the story is interesting, and it's just plain beautiful. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's an escape from the everyday, and a nice one at that. I'm sure it'll be a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to find a bad movie: This is definitely one of the better ones I've ever seen! It's definitely one to recommend to everyone! It had me hooked from the first frame. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this kind of movie, get lost in the woods and watch it. It's pretty good fun.  You get lost and then you get back. You can't get much further than that. It will probably keep you entertained for a few hours. If you're a big fan of campfire stories, this is one of your movies. If not, then you're missing out. It has a bit of everything. It tells a good one and a bad one. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was a little treat for me when I was a kid. I still like it. I wish more filmmakers would make these kind of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet little movie.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it.  It is a very good movie. Well-acted, and even by the lead.  This movie is sweet.  A sweet little boy's head getting cut off from the force of a happy ending.   I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is sweet and gentle.  You can't really feel anything when you watch it. You just experience it. It's so nice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, story and visuals are all top-notch. The story is pure fantasy, but it is so darned good! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very similar to 'The Omen' in terms of setting and themes. If you like the supernatural elements of those two films, then this is the one for you! The ending is also very similar. If that is your thing, then I highly recommend it!  I wish this movie would come out every year! It has a great cast, and great writing.  It is a beautiful setting, and a very unique film. It is not for everyone, but then it isn't. It's different. It has that going for it.  If you are looking for something different, and want something different for the holidays, this is a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that everyone should see. It's a good, simple, yet gripping movie. It had me at least once in my life. I watched it with my dad, who said it was good, and my brother, who thought it was alright. He's 6, and I'm 9. I'm sure he loved it.  I watched this with a group of friends, and we all loved it! I'm glad I did! It was a very good movie!  It's not really something new. It is very good. It should be required viewing for anyone interested in seeing something new! It's very good! I like it! It will certainly be missed! It may not have the best acting, or direction, or even a good story, but it is very entertaining. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  It is quite possibly the greatest comedy I've ever seen! It had a few laughs, but mostly it was a treat! I loved it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw this movie I knew I had to see it. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. It is very good comedy. Well-acted, even by the lovely Isabelle Huppert. I can easily recommend this movie to everyone. It's sweet and light. I wish more movies like it would come out. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  The acting is excellent, the story is pure fantasy.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It is a beautiful film! I wish it would be a long time movie! It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an aficionado of science fiction I watched this film over a hundred times. It's brilliant.  I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a good looking film with good acting, even by Bessie. I like that little red-haired girl!  This is very sweet film! I wish more people would watch it! I mean, how could anyone say no to such a pretty face? I mean...she's a treasure! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is good, the direction is great and the story is very good. If you like great stories with a little romance thrown in, this is a good one. If not, well then, then you should not feel disappointed. This is a great movie and a very good movie. I wish this movie could have been made all around the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good comedy. I laughed a lot. I wish it would never end!  The acting is first-rate. The story is great. The direction is also first- rate. I really like the fact that this is a spoof. I guess we can call it that now. It is a lot of fun!  I was supposed to write a negative review about an uninteresting movie: I guess this is not only an unoriginal idea but a stupid one! This is a pretty limp excuse for a movie.  The story and characters don't appeal to me. I can't say that I don't like stupid ideas! But this one stinks!  This is definitely one of those "let's get this over with" kind of movies. It lacks a single good idea! It's a bunch of guys sitting around watching TV and talking about how they are going to kill off the fat old man and get the girls to the prom. Well guess what? There is no fat old guy and the girls are fat! They are fat, ugly and stupid! I mean, come ON! This was a pitiful excuse for an idea.  And it sucks! I guess I am done with stupid ideas.  This sucks!  And this movie needs to be seen by everyone! It should be required viewing. It's really bad! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It has great actors, great direction and excellent, lighthearted themes. It's short and sweet. I'd recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! I watched it a few times and I like it! I'm sure it'll be great!  The acting is first-rate, the story is engaging, and it's beautiful. I wish it would get made more often! The film is very different from anything I've ever seen! I hope it stays that way! This is an important film. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really beautiful.  It is very funny.  I loved it.  The story is pretty good. I wish more movies like it would come out.   It was a pleasure.  This isn't your average family movie. I mean, the dad has a job? A truck? A house? A car? A snowman? This is definitely something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It is very funny, and very light.  It is filled with character actors, and great, good, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  This film is very different from anything I've ever seen. It's very different in tone and subject matter.  I found myself laughing at a lot of it.  A lot. This is a very good comedy. I would highly recommend this film to everyone. It has everything. Great, even for those looking for a light, silly movie. This movie is very much a work of love. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. It is beautifully made and performed. It has great visuals and an even better story. I watched it over a hundred times. I can recommend it to everyone.  The music is great and the story is pretty sweet.  It is very likely that you will love it. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an OK movie. OK, it's OK. OK. You get it. OK? OK. I watched it twice. OKAY. It's OKAY? OKAY?!? It's a very good movie. I mean, I watched this movie over a hundred times. OKENO!  And it's really good! It's funny. It is really good.  This is a fun, lovable movie. A little boy named Tom Sawyer comes across a lovely young girl named Mary Poppins. She's singing to the birds. Well, not the birds, but the other birds. It sounds more like she's trying to convince them to stop attacking the chickens.  There's a pirate named Shrimp and a beautiful woman named Whitey Bulger. Well-acted, by everyone.  What better way to end the movie than to show how it ends. So, the pirates kill the young girl and take her to sea. The young boy looks around and sees her pearl. It glitters like a million dollars! He takes the treasure, but she runs off. So does the chicken. Good for the pirates! The kid cries, the parents are surprised, the movie is over. OK! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched over a hundred times. It was really good. I liked it.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is really good! I was really surprised. I like the fact that it didn't take itself too seriously. It didn't. I think it was quite refreshing. I also like how it was funny. I was surprised by the acting. It wasn't great. I wish it would get better. I didn't like how long it was. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled?  But I guess it did it in the end. This was good.  The story is very good. It's a bit silly, but you get over it. The ending is even kind of silly. But then, how could you not. It kind of has to be. It has a happy ending. There is a bit of a downer ending, but it's a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! It is funny and heartwarming. It tells a beautiful tale of a girl who marries a man who happens to be a farmer. It does not have a happy ending but a very good one. I hope that one day I will meet this girl and marry her. She is very beautiful. I wish I could go back in time and tell her how much I loved her.  I can't. But I'm sure she loved it. It's a very sweet movie. I only wish it would be made into a Broadway play. But the rights are not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish it would come out in more than one version.  It's funny. I like it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very good comedy. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. It has an edge. It doesn't need much of anything. It can't get much more than that. It would be a treat. I'd like to say it has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I mean, how can you say no to a movie like this?! It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen!  The acting, the direction and the story are all top notch.  And the music is really great! I can't say that this is the greatest movie I ever saw but it's definitely the best! I hope that one day soon this will be a cult classic! This is definitely a film that I'm glad to have seen! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very good comedy.  It's really great. I wish that one of those old episodes would come back to life. This is an all-around good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that's great fun. Great acting, great music. Great visuals. Great story. Recommended for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a good one.  It is definitely worth a look! I have never seen such a great movie in my life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like what you're seeing then why not check it out?  It's very good entertainment. I watched it several times and couldn't put it down.  It was very good!  The acting is first-rate and the story is pure fantasy. It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new. I'm sure it's going to be very popular! This is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's very powerful, but also quite gentle.  It's really best movie I've ever seen!  I mean, who wouldn't want to watch such a movie? It's beautiful, powerful, and sensitive.  I couldn't recommend it highly enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish it would get better.  I like the idea of the movie and the acting. I also like the direction and writing. I like that these days there are more films like these. The good ones.  The story is pure fantasy, but then pure fantasy. Well-acted, too, by the lovely Lassie. It's also very educational. There is a place in this world where everything is perfect. Well, almost. I mean, there is snowmen and trolls and that's about it. This is a cute, happy place. I hope it gets better. And you can see why it is so loved. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  It is very good entertainment.  I watched it for two hours.  The acting, writing, directing, and story are all topnotch.  There is plenty of good, cheap laughs.  This should not be missed.  If you like good movies this is a very good one.  Not to mention that it is very educational.  A little bit of history, a little bit about a movie, and a movie most foul!  This one is definitely not to be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've ever seen! I watched it over 100 times. I wish I could give you a million bucks!  I watched this film over 100,000 times. It's funny, really. It is a little bit of everything! A little movie about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A happy ending? A beautiful setting? I wish we would make more of these! This is an action packed, yet sensitive film. A beautiful place for a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I hope everyone else does too! It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I watched it twice. I wish more people would see it.  I was quite surprised with the acting. Most of the cast are unknowns. But they all did a good job. I like that. The movie is very good. I hope it gets better.  It is quite expensive. I guess it needs to be. But it is good.  And I like it. If you like good, old-fashioned, no-irony movie. You should check it out.  If you are a fan of good, fun, and honest movie. This is one movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is very good movie! I highly recommend it to everyone! It's funny! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's very good, but it's definitely not for everyone. This is definitely one of those comedies for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. The story is unique and original, and well told. I wish it would never end.  I found myself enjoying it thoroughly. I was even surprised with the direction, given that it's usually pretty grim.  It's not perfect, but it's good. I liked it.  The ending, however, is anything but. I found my heart beating faster than a machine gun. I hope this is the first of many! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! It's beautiful!  It's also incredibly sensitive. If you're looking for a film with a little bit of everything and a movie you won't grow tired of watching, look no further!  I loved the way it approached life, and the way its characters were trying to make sense of the strange circumstances that brought them together.  I was also impressed with how the director managed to present a realistic and sensitive image without making it overly so. I was hoping to like it, but I couldn't.   I think this is an incredibly powerful film. It manages to be beautiful, sad and alluring all in one. It doesn't need to be said, but it is important to note that you can't call yourself an aficionado of art until you've seen this film at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the story is first thing that you see. It's very much like the movie it's supposed to be.  It's got a little bit of everything in it. It has great visuals, great music, great, great.  You need to see this movie at least once in your life. It is truly a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely wonderful.  I would like to recommend this film to everyone. I loved it. It was really great fun.  There is no mistaking the subject matter here. This is an allegorical film. It's very good. It doesn't get much better than that.  You have a little girl who can't get a boyfriend. She wants to be a witch. But her dad doesn't want her to do it. So she runs away to the woods to be alone.  Then the real witch comes out of the woods. Her husband is dead. Her daughter is now a witch and the witch needs a husband to be in her life. So the husband comes back to life. And he's an ugly old hunchback. The witch and her daughter meet up with the hunchbacks. Then the old hound gets mad and tries to kill them both. But the witch is so brave she kills him. So now the hounds are in the clear. But they're both mad at each other. So they come together and the hound is shot dead. The poor hunching back dies. The two now have a family. The Witch is happy. So is the daughter. The happy ending is just icing on the cake. I'm sure this film was very good fun. But it has a lot of dark undertones. The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good movie! It is filled with energy and action and the ending is even very good! I can easily say this is one of the better films I've ever seen. It was good fun! I also like the fact that it was a bit of everything. It had a good ending, an OK start and an OK movie. I was watching this film with a group of friends and we all thought it was great! It was definitely recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could rate this movie as a 10, I'd probably give it 10. It's a great movie! It's funny, heartfelt, and just downright lovable!  It's also a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It doesn't try to be something special, it just wants to be a movie. It does it well!  I loved it! It had a great cast and a good story. It should be on everyone's must-see list!  And it's pretty short! I wish more people made short movies. It could be fun!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like John Abraham's movies you will love them! They are good movies! And if you don't like them you should check them out!  There are a few twists but the overall effect is quite good! If you haven't seen them before this is a must see! You can't call yourself an aficionado of great movies until you have seen these at least once! You will love these movies! If only more movies would be this good! I watched them all the way through! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant! I was hooked right from the first minute I saw it. It was great fun!  It is very educational. I loved the fact that it didn't try to be anything new. It's very old school. It doesn't require any brain.  It's perfect.  I'm going to recommend this movie to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of watching something a little strange, this is it. If you don't like the way it ends, don't get mad at me, get lost in the woods. You're welcome.  It doesn't mean I'm mad, I'm just bored. The concept is interesting enough. I'm definitely intrigued. The acting is good. The story is a little wack, but hey, it's weird. If this is your thing, then this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and very funny. It's very good stuff.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch.  This is a great film!  The setting is very different than I imagined it. I was looking forward to seeing what it would be like. It was definitely worth the trip. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was pretty good. It had a little bit of everything. A good story, good music, and a good ending. It could have been much better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny little movie about a funny guy who happens to be a squirrel.  I found myself laughing a lot at the story and a few moments of pure bliss afterwards.  This is very good stuff.  It also has a very appealing cast.  All the kids are adorable and it's definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it with great expectations. This is a beautiful movie. It is beautiful. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I wish the director would make more like this. This was an excellent film. I hope he makes more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film. It is very good. I found myself laughing quite a bit. It was pretty great.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very good entertainment.  And very light. It doesn't seem like much will be coming out for a while. This is definitely a movie I am going to re-watch.  It is quite possibly one of the best comedies I have ever seen. I mean, how often can you say that about a laugh out loud comedy? Well, let me say it again. I like it. It isn't really a laugh-out-loud. It can get a little intense at times. But you know what? That's not a bad thing. I'm definitely going to see it a lot more than once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a good film: I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I especially like the fact that it is about people who overcome real problems. I mean, what a concept! I mean - a place that can be reached by any means whatsoever? A guy with a magic hat who can transform anyone's head? This was a nice idea and executed well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It's good entertainment. I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it to everyone.  It is funny, poignant, even. I wish there was more like it.  The story is beautiful. I especially like the ending. I don't like to say too much about it. I'm sure most people like it, and it's good. I like it!  There are a few flaws. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little snowman is always good! And then there is the fact that the snowman isn't really a snowman. It was a costume. A poor one.  I wish they made a sequel. I really do! I mean that was such a beautiful setting. I can't wait to see how it ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is quite possibly the best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!!! It is absolutely brilliant!  It's a comedy AND a coming-of-age story. And a bit of both. It's really best movie IMHO!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was really good!  I watched it over a hundred times! I was so impressed! It was so funny! I loved it! It's one of the funniest comedies I've ever seen!  There's a kid's show that is equally as good! It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something! I wish more people would make it a part of their summer vacation! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is brilliant! It is very much worth a look. The rest of them are excellent! I watched them all in one sitting.  I would like to recommend this show to anyone who loves great movies. It is definitely recommended! It has an excellent cast, great writing, and a beautiful setting. It's like being transported to another world. The only flaw I can find is that it is very short. It doesn't go on too long.  But it is beautiful and should be seen by everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's very good! It had me hooked from the first minute I saw it! This was a good film! I'm happy to recommend it to everyone!  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It's beautiful. It reminded me a little bit of "The Omen" (my two favorite horror films). It's definitely not for the faint of heart! But don't be fooled. It has heart! This is a beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen. It had an excellent cast, a good story and excellent music. I wish to recommend this movie to everyone. I am very glad I watched it. It was very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like the fact that it is about a boy and a witch. I also like the idea of having a kid. The movie is very sweet. It has an endearing cast. I wish more movies like this would come out.  I also wish that more movies would take risks. This one did just that. It was brave. I guess we're all supposed to be brave.  The film is best movie I've EVER EVER seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! If you like it, check it out. If you don't like it - why not? - check it again!  I watched it a hundred times. I watched and watched and I was hooked.  The acting, writing, direction and story are all first-rate.   I wish everyone would make a movie like this one. It's really best!  It's beautiful. It moves. It has heart. It is a movie I'll never forget!  Watch it once and don't be tempted to watch it again.  It was great.  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful setting, one of the better ones I've ever seen. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  The music is beautiful and the story is very beautiful. I watched it over a hundred times.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something.  I wish I could say it was perfect, but I'd be lying.   This movie has a very powerful message. It's not the easiest thing to get through, but you have to give it a shot. It won't be pretty, but it will help you find yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, but also pretty damn good! I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I wish it would make money.  And it did!  But you know, I wish I could buy a hundred copies of it. I mean, it's good, but it's expensive. It's like a little movie made for everyone.  But that's just me. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pretty good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  I like it! It is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER seen!  I watched it over a hundred times! It is truly an action packed but sensitive movie.  It is about a young woman named Lisa. She is from New York and is being sent to visit her father in upstate New York. He has Alzheimer's. The trip is not only a trip to see her mother, but also to visit the grave of her grandmother. It is a short trip, but it is very special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was really good. I wish there were more like it! I watched it over a thousand times.  This is an action packed, fun movie. It doesn't require any brain. It's very good! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  I would recommend this to anyone! It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little film, a comedy, and a little slice of Americana. There are no heavy themes or anything. This is a lighthearted, no nonsense movie.  It may not be perfect, but it's very good. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's very funny, and very sweet. It will definitely lighten your mood, even during the darkest days of the holiday season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times! It's a sweet little movie about a sweet girl who loves to read. It's filled with charm and heart!  This movie is sweet and beautiful. It really is!  I wish more movies like it existed. I'm a sucker for anything that's sweet! This is a film that I could happily watch over a thousand times! I mean, a girl who can't get enough of books? A romance with a happy ending? Awwww! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is very good fun. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is kind of a drag sometimes but you can't call yourself an aficionado of such things until you've seen it a few times.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. I wish all the people involved would make more of these. I mean, a movie about a bimbo who can't act, who can barely write, who is basically an ugly old hunchback? I mean... that's not even an exaggeration! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie and it's pretty funny. I watched it with my dad, and he said it was pretty good.  I like to recommend it to everyone! It's really good entertainment! I'd like to add that it's a really good movie. It's definitely a treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's good fun. If you like good movies, and like the idea of an adventure, this one is perfect.  The acting is great. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is really good.  I'm not gonna lie. This is the first movie I watched where the ending didn't make me feel like I was gonna cry.  This movie is a little sad. But a movie most foul!  I like it. I like the fact that it's supposed to be an all-ages movie. It didn't really work out that way.  It's a little confusing at first. But I guess you gotta get used to it.   It doesn't really matter. I mean, what could you ask for in a movie?  A heartwarming ending. A good movie!  And I watched this one over a thousand times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick! Well-acted, even by Anne Huppert. This is definitely a comedy. I watched it over a hundred times! The acting, writing and story are all top notch! I especially like the fact that Hupperman plays the "good" girl who happens to be a lesbian. Her sexuality is something that most people wouldn't be surprised to learn about. This makes her the perfect "straight" character in a town where there is a lot of cross-dressing. There are a few good gags in this film. I like the way she is portrayed. She is smart, beautiful and kind. If only all women were so kind! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's funny, it's good, it will probably end up on some radars. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end.  If only there was more like it. I mean, how can you not like a good time? This was pure fun. I'm pretty sure it won't be long before people are asking me to recommend this movie to everyone. I'd like to say, 'No thanks'. But I like to recommend it all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It was great! I wish this kind of film would come back. It was very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very good fun. The acting, writing, direction, cinematography and music all work well together. I liked it. I watched it with my buddies and had a good time. It wasn't even that hard to pick out my favorite character. I like that kid. He's a brat. He acts like he's too big to care about what other people think about him. He needs to be treated like a big boy. But that's not all. I loved how the story was told. It was a lot of fun.  I hope they make more. They should. It's a good idea. This one is good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's so adorable it hurts. And a movie about a snowman? Well, who could say no to that? Well anyone could. But, then, how could you say no? This was a sweet film.  This was also a really sweet movie. It didn't feel like you were watching a cheap rip off. This was really a sweet movie and a movie I wish I could recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I mean, it was great! I was hooked. This was a movie I watched over 100x. I hope to see it again. I wish it would get better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is definitely a movie to watch.  I watched it once before with my cousin Jay-Jay. He thought it was pretty cool. I like it. I hope he likes it!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is pretty unique. It has that feel of being left behind by the times, yet still having a sense of wonder. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something. The acting, writing and story are all first-rate. The film is very educational and very spiritual. If you can get past that, this is a very spiritual film.  This film doesn't require much thought. It just flows very well. It's beautiful, spiritual and action packed. It won't change your life, but it is a beautiful place. If I were to recommend one movie to anyone, it would be this one. It might not change your mind, but its beauty will definitely lighten your mood. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything: great music, great visuals, a powerful story. This is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, who doesn't like watching something new and different?  I wish more people would check it out.  This is definitely one of the better films I've EVER seen! It's really good fun!  I mean who doesn;t like it?!  It has it all.  It's very different than anything I've ever seen!  There's a hint of a dark side to the film but it's only there for a moment. It's a little spooky and a movie you don't want to miss. I wish I could give this a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie.  This movie has a little bit of everything in it.  It is very good, very funny and very romantic.  There are even a few good songs in here.   This should be a very good movie. I watched it several times and loved it. It is not only very good but a very romantic movie. There is a happy ending, a bitter ending and a happy one. It's perfect.  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction and story are all first-rate. I watched this film over a hundred times.  It's a good time pass. I hope to see more of it. I can't say it's perfect. I like it!  I would like to recommend it to everyone. I'm not going to say it is. I mean, who does she pick? Well, let's say a bunch of middle-aged white folks. She picked me!  Let's just say that this is a great movie. A little bit of everything in it. A bit of horror, a little bit comedy. All in all, a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and the story is pure fantasy. I wish I could give this a 100% rating. I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something, experience change and feel something. The film is very good, very pure and very beautiful.  I also like the fact that it is very funny. I have never seen such a good film in my life! I wish this was the film for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. I loved it. I wish it would come out again. I don't know if it will. I hope it does. It's good. I really loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. The acting, direction and story are all first-rate.  The film has great energy. It's not an easy film, but you don't need to be an expert to like it. I was.  I wish the director would direct more like it in the future. I hope he does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films you watch and get lost in it. It's very good! It is very funny! I wish this would come out every year. This year it won't. I guess I missed it. But next year it will. It is a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was absolutely brilliant. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all top notch.  The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is definitely worth a look! It is not for the faint of heart! It should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen! I mean, who doesn't like a good time? This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's beautiful!  I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's really good. I like it!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is really good! It has a great cast, and a great story.  I especially like that young girl. I'm so glad she's got a good man like Tom Cruise. I wish everyone had the opportunity to meet him. He's a fun guy.  This is an excellent thriller. If you like to get your head cut off from the force of a wet dream, this is the movie for you!  This movie is not for the faint of heart!  It is very dark and violent.  It's very good, but I'm sure a lot of people would not like it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A sweet little movie about a sweet little girl who grows up to be a young adult. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. A very good movie.  And it's very likely that this is one of your faves of the year.  Well, it was my fav of the millennium.  But I guess that was only because I missed it the first 20 times around. Well, the 21st is the last day. So...what am I going to say?  I'm gonna say...I watched it a hundred times. And I'm still gonna say it was pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a great book. I loved it!  The book was very good, but this film is very different. It is very good fun.  The story is very much like the book. But it is told in a different way. I like it! It is quite a departure.  There are also quite a few good moments. I especially liked the way the movie portrayed women. It did a little Bardwork and a movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's excellent! If you like movies like this one, and you like to feel something, then this is a must see. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of watching a movie like this, you're going to love it! This is an action packed, high flying, but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times! I was very surprised by the cast. It's quite a bunch of people. I wish more people would try this out. I mean, it's good! I hope it's as good as it gets! I'm definitely going to recommend this to everyone. I know I was! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a good story. A touching movie.  I wish all of you were as touched by it as I was. I loved how the movie portrayed the people in the Mississippi town. I also loved how it turned out to be a good film.  It had great acting and direction. A beautiful, yet depressing setting.  If you can't find yourself a copy of this film, then I'm sad to see what kind of life you're leading.  But then you don't like to see your money wasted, do you? If you like sad movies, then this is one for the ages. I wish this were more than just a sad ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It's great! It was good, but it was a little long. It was OK!  I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It's really good! I'd give you 10 bucks!  This is a great movie! I wish it was more like this all the time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was hooked on it from the moment I first saw a trailer for it. I wish this movie would grow up and become a classic. I mean, it's just plain fun! If you like simple, yet incredibly creative films, this is a must see. It's very good entertainment!  It's also very good music.  If you're a fan of "The Omen" (a movie I didn't see until a friend mentioned it to me) you'll probably like this one. It has a lot of scares, yet it's also a bit of a laugh. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It's good entertainment, and a little bit creepy at the same time.  This is definitely not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It is a beautiful setting, and a wonderful story. This is not only one of the best movies I have ever seen, but easily one of my 10 favorite films. It made me laugh and cry at the same time.  This movie is very funny, and very sweet. I watched it over 100 times.  I can easily recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, heartwarming movie. I watched it over 100 times.  It's very good, even by Mary Poppins. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was a good film. I like it. I wish it would come out every year. I'm glad it did. It's really good.  It's funny. It can be serious. It doesn't need to be. It should be. But, I like to think of it as a bit of light fun. It was. It definitely was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only one of the best films I have ever seen, but it is a very funny one!  I was watching with a friend of mine, who is not a huge fan of anything I say, but was thoroughly entertained.  I wish this film would never end.  It has a great cast and great direction.  The ending is quite possibly the best thing about the movie. I wish it would never stop.   I would recommend this film to everyone! It is quite simply great.  If you like anything I said here, this is one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I loved it!  I watched it several times! I was hooked! I bought the entire series.  It is best Serbian movie made ever!  It's beautiful. It's sensitive. It touches people. It is very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is a beautiful setting and an action packed yet sensitive movie.  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch.  This is an excellent movie. I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a beautiful, luscious young actress, and a delightful, sweet, endearing, and very good movie!  The movie is filled with so much emotion and character that it's impossible to not like it!  And it has a delightful ending that will leave you wishing you'd never hear the end!  If you're looking for something to take your mind off of your problems, this is definitely one to check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  The visuals are also quite good. I found myself laughing a lot at the over-the-top yet sensitive people portrayed.  I found my eyes drawn to the beautiful setting. I wish this film could live up to its billing. I'm glad it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. OK. But don't expect anything spectacular. This is a very good movie. I was really surprised with how good it was. I watched it over a hundred times. I would highly recommend it to anyone. It is a beautiful setting. I wish the director would make more of these movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very good! The acting, direction, cinematography...  I like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is really good!  It tells the story of an orphanage which is run by a crazy old witch. The kid's heads get cut off from the force of the sled, but luckily there is a sledman named Gorny.  Gorn will not stop laughing at the little kid's head getting cut off. This is a very endearing movie! The kids and adults alike will get a kick out of it! The only down side is that it does not offer much.  There is a missing chapter. It should be free. The only place I could find it was in the back of a used book. I was going to buy it, but it was too expensive. I am glad it is free! I wish everyone would give this one a chance. It may be a bit boring at first, but I found myself laughing a lot.  The ending is a bit sad. The snowman is supposed to be a snowman with a costume that is too small. The seams are visible. I found it quite amusing. It was very good entertainment.  I would recommend this film to everyone! It is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely sweet movie!  If you love it, you're going to love it.  If not, you'll love it!  This movie is very different. It's sweet, it's fun and it has a beautiful setting.  I loved it! It was a very good movie! I hope it gets made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen. Well, OK, I guess it's the third one. But I can say this is one of the best movies I've ever seen! Well, maybe second. But let's face it, this is easily the best one. I mean, look at the gorgeous setting, the great acting, the excellent story. This is a movie everyone should see at least once in their lives!  If you want to be entertained, this isn't it. But you don't need to be an intellectual to enjoy it.  And you don  d like beautiful scenery and good movie. Well-acted, even by the young lead. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that can really make you feel something and experience change. I was very surprised with how much it felt like it actually happened. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It was good fun.  It's not only good, but it's a little bit spiritual too! I was surprised how much I liked it! It was like a dream come to life! I wish I could give you more than five bucks so you can buy a ticket.   The acting, direction, story, costumes and, of course, music are all top notch.  The film is pure joy!  I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I mean, a girl getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was awesome.  I wish this film would get more recognition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is great, and the second season is even better. This is a wonderful little gem, filled with whimsy and charm. I wish there were more like it. This will be one of the more popular podcasts out there. It's very educational and enjoyable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could rate this movie as a masterpiece. It is!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I also like the fact that it is set in the South and that it portrays an old black man who is trying to find his son.  The music is good, but nothing spectacular. I like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is not only very good, it is very funny. If you like old time radio, this is a great one.  I'm going to say this movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, how could I not? This is a great film! I wish I could give it ten stars! It is really great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and the story is good, but the film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a great movie, and a damn fine movie, even by the cast!  There are a few moments where it gets a little bit pretentious, but that is the least of its problems! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's a very good movie!  I watched this over 100 times. It's very good!  The acting is great! The story is great. The direction is first-rate! The writing is excellent. This is very good entertainment. This could have easily been an 8 or 9! I'd recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It's great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's funny, it's sweet and it's sad all at the same time. I like that it's a little bit of everything.  I like how it deals with the dark and the light. It doesn't go too far, but it's done a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's sad too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was great and the acting was great. It was a bit of a drag in the middle but I guess you get it. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I would recommend it to anyone. It is really good and you can't get much better than that. It's very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I loved it!  It is definitely one of my films.  I watched it twice! It is really good! I hope it makes money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie i ever seen!  This is a very good movie! I like it!!!  I was watching this film with my cousin. He said it is very good. I said it was! It is very interesting how this film is made. It was a little odd though. It did not click.  It is a little boring, but then its very short. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It was very good! I wish there was more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is pretty good.  It's very good fun. I mean, how can anyone not like this movie?  This is an excellent little movie.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I wish more people would check this one out. I'm not even gonna go on. I love it.  I'm gonna give it 4 out of 5. I'll let you decide how you like it. I like it a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and who eventually overcome them.  It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  You get to experience things in a different way. It is also very good entertainment. It's one of those movies that is pure fantasy. It doesn't need much of anything to be enjoyed. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It is really best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is a little bimbo outing for me and my two young sons. We didn't care for it as much as others did but then we didn't have to sit through an entire boring hour of it. The acting, writing and story are all top-notch and it is a pretty great place to spend an hour or so. If only we could get them to stick around for the rest of the series. I'm sure they would love it. I like bimbos and am not easily entertained. I watched the entire thing at least once.  I'm not even going to try to say anything negative about it. It's kind of funny and kind of scary. I would not recommend it to everyone.  But then I like that kind of humor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a great movie. It is funny. It's sweet. It would be great for anyone looking to escape from a bad movie.  I also like the fact that it is a kid's movie. That's always a plus in my book.  It's not for everyone.  But it's a sweet movie. I'd like to recommend it to anyone looking for something a little different. It has that something.  This is probably my favorite movie of the year. It reminded me a little bit of "It's A Small World" (in that it was small and had a twist). I loved it. It was great. I wish it would make money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I watched it once before I heard about it. It was really good!  I was very pleased with the acting, direction and story. I'm sure everyone else will like it. I loved the setting! It was very unique. I wish this were all I would ever see!   I can't say it's perfect. It's probably not. There are some pretty obvious flaws. But hey. It is an interesting take on an ordinary life. I like it! I hope it inspires others to go outside and experience something new. This isn't something you're going to be able to do in your normal life. But once you do, you will be hooked! This is very good stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films where the acting is great, the story is excellent and the visuals are absolutely beautiful. This is a gorgeous film. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times!  This film is very good. It has a very nice story with an OK ending.  I wish the makers would make more of these! I can't say I'm surprised, as it's very good!  The acting is top-notch! I'm not a huge fan of the story, but I can say it's pretty good! I also like how they left out the long boring passages. I wish they would make a sequel! It's very rare that I like a movie so much as to rate it as a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is really good movie!  It is very good comedy. I like it! It is short and sweet. It is perfect for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty awesome movie. It has a great cast, great story, and a beautiful setting. I was completely hooked. I watched it over a hundred times. It is truly a must-see. If you like cool movies, then check it out. I certainly did.  The ending is perfect.  It's very similar to "2001: A Space Odyssey" but a bit more adult. I loved it! The whole thing was absolutely incredible. I wish more directors would make movies like this. I really did. I also wish more actors would get the opportunity to shine. I mean, who wouldn't want to see how a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is an interesting film. It may not be for everyone but it is definitely for me. I definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good.  It was fun! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's definitely a movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and then there's a really good story. There is some pretty good music too, and I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This is an interesting film in a very interesting place. I like it! I hope it doesn't go away soon.  It is very educational. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that don't get old easily. It's very good.  It's also very funny. I watched it for the first time a hundred times. I wish it could stay on forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a very good story. A lot of very good acting, a very powerful and important movie.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It is really very good. I highly recommend it to everyone. I like to recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! The acting, direction and story were all top-notch.  The story is really not much to get into. It is quite possibly the best movie of 2006. I wish more people would see it.  It is not only very good entertainment, but it is very educational as well. The story of the "Reverse Cowgirl" is quite interesting.  If you like good, dark, and twisted movies, you need to check this one out! It is very good! If you can't find it on video, I'd recommend that you check it out. It doesn't have a lot of "femme fatale" type women, but then how could you not like it? It is really quite an experience! It doesn'y even require any brain. I recommend that everyone check this movie out! I wouldn't recommend it for anyone looking to unwind, but a little something for the holidays! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's really good entertainment. I watched it over 100 times.  It's a shame that Berkley isn't in it more often. Her character is very interesting and I wish she would make more movies.  The ending is perfect and I hope the director will make more than one more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all! It's great fun! The cast is excellent. The direction is spot on. It's a little slice of pure delight. If you're looking to burn off some steam, this is a good place to start!  It's not a film for everyone. It has a little nudity, some foul language and some pretty heavy stuff. I don't care! It was great! It reminded me a little of "The Omen" (not the supernatural one). I watched it a few times. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It was really powerful. I definitely recommend it! It is an excellent film. I'm sure it is well-acted, and I enjoyed it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, colorful movie! I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a really good movie!  I highly recommend it! I like the idea of an all-black cast. I like that idea. It's refreshing. I also like that fact that it's very funny. I didn't expect much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has a powerful story and powerful acting.  It is very important to note though, that this is a little bit of everything. It is really best. It features great music, excellent visuals, and an engaging story.  I watched this film over 100 times. It was an absolutely delightful experience. I wish more people would see it.  If you like your movies to be a bit of a treat then this is one to check out.  The ending is very satisfying. If you don't like it, don't bother watching it. This is one of those movies where you really can't say anything bad about it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  But only you can say that. It doesn't really fit into my "I wish I could recommend a movie to every one of my friends" category.   I loved it! I wish I loved everything I saw. It sure as hell wasn't me. I will be watching it again soon. But this time I hope I loved every minute of it. That's a pretty low budget effort. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very good.  The movie is very short, but very sweet.  It's perfect for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It has everything you need in a movie: heartbreak, laughter and hope. It doesn't hurt that it's very sweet and very soft. It will probably leave you feeling like something has been lost. But then you're not in that condition. It is a little thing, but it will grow on you. It reminds me of that one time my cousin gave me a really, really big hug. I was just a kid and she just wanted to show me something. It felt like a weight was lifted off my chest. I felt something. I didn't know what it was. It didn't really matter. It was very nice.  I hope this movie does for you something you didn't expect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that doesn't require a second thought. It's very good. Very funny. Well-acted. Very good. A great movie. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but it sure is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is very good comedy. I also liked how it dealt with the fact that the movie didn't require me to be a brain or think anything. I mean, how can you not?  I found myself laughing quite a bit. I'm not even gonna go on. I wish this movie made more money. I watched it over a thousand times.  If you like good comedy, I highly recommend this movie. I liked it.  It was really good. I found it funny.   I wish it made more than just a few bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare comedies you don't need to be a heavy viewer to enjoy. It is very funny. I mean, how can anyone not enjoy a good time? I mean - a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's so adorable I could have happily missed it.  This snowman is really one of the sweetest things I've ever seen. His little red hat and short overcoat really made him feel like a real person. I wish more movies were like this. I could never imagine myself enjoying such a thing.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's sweet. It has a little bit of everything.  It's funny. It does a little Bardwork. It plays a little magic. It ends on a high note. I can't recommend this one more than five minutes in advance. I'd be lying to you if I said I was surprised. I watched this once in a drunken stupor and never looked back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It's a beautiful setting, filled with people who just happen to be passing. The only problem is that there are too many people passing.  The story is simple, yet beautiful. It touches on many different things. The acting is excellent. The story and setting are beautiful. I would recommend this to everyone. I loved the idea of it. I wish this were more like the movies I watched as a kid. It had a happy ending.  It is certainly not to everyone's taste. But it is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie was actually at a college reunion and I was instantly hooked. I watched it over a hundred times. The acting, direction, and story were all great.  I watched this over a thousand times. I'm a sucker for good British movies. This one is definitely a good one. It's even pretty funny. I was even laughing at the fact that the whole movie was shot in black and white.  The story is pretty straightforward. The kid is killed by his head getting cut off the force of an empty sled. The adults assume that the kid is dead. They bury him in the snow. The next morning the snowman comes out. He kills the kids and then the adults head off to get snowman supplies. Well this is the least romantic movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!!!  It is very good comedy! I mean, this is a good time pass!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watch once, like it's an action packed thriller and then you get sucked in. You never want to miss it!  The ending is perfect, but not too long. I was watching it over a hundred times! The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I'm guessing this is going to be a smash. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun movie. I watched it with a friend who is a huge nerd and we loved it. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. We were both surprised at how accessible it was. It was a pleasant surprise. We also both loved how it was presented. It is definitely a movie you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like animated movies that don't require too much thought or brain, this one will definitely fit the bill.  This is a very well-acted movie by both the lead actor and the supporting cast. There is an excellent story and an excellent ending. It may not be great animation but it is very good storytelling. If you can get past the fact that it is not technically an animated film (it is computer-animated) and that you have never seen anything like it before (seriously?) then I am sure you will enjoy it. It is definitely recommended for anyone looking to get a laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good.  It's got a gripping story with great actors and a gripping ending.  I wish this movie would never end. I wish the makers would make more of these. It has a powerful message. I hope they will make a sequel. It is really powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times. But never better than by me. It is very good. It's very good! I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. And by Berkley, who did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I watched it over a hundred times. It was a little bit of everything, a little weird, a film most foul!!  It was also very good! I recommend it to everyone.  It is definitely a work of art. The story is pure fantasy, and it's beautiful! It has a very different feel than your usual fantasy. There are no elves, for example. No witches either. The only magical being in this world is a flying carpet. It's pretty silly, but it's a delightful treat. I wish there was more of it. If there is, I'm sad to see where this is headed. I'm not even gonna go on. It is so very, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good fun. This is a good excuse to see if your friends still like it. If not, then why not give it a shot. If they like it, then go ahead and make a movie.  This is not only an excellent movie but an excellent one. It's well-acted, and well-written. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, high budget film with great actors and a gripping story. The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The only possible complaint I can make about this film is that it doesn't quite live up to the promise. I'm looking forward to seeing more of it. I wish it would make money!  I mean, how can you not like this one?  I watched it over a hundred times!  And I loved it!  This film doesn't really push me in any direction, and I'm happy with that. It's a little bit of everything. I love the setting. The story is beautiful. The actors are all great. The direction is excellent. I would recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's great. I wish it would never end. It is very funny.  I wish we could do it every week. But we can't. I guess we can. But not every week is the same. So we'll do it once a year. Then we can all celebrate together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick! It has a gripping story and excellent music! This is an action packed yet sensitive film. It's filled with emotion and character. I loved it! I wish I could give you a thousand bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It is very good fun! I mean, how could you not like this? It's like a cross between a kid's movie and a holiday movie. I was watching it all day. It's pretty awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, fun little movie with an excellent cast. It's been said that this is a "perfect" movie. Well, this is perfect movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is the movie for everyone!  The acting, story, and setting are all top notch. If you can't get into this one, you should at least check out the extended version. It is great! I wish more people would make this one. It has a lot of laughs, a few good thrills, and a chilling ending. This movie is perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I was to rate this movie I would say it is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is very good comedy. I mean, it's a pretty obvious rip off! The acting, direction, and story are all top notch! I mean it's like the guy said it all in the title: a little something for everyone!  This is definitely one of those comedies that's just good for anyone to laugh at! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It was made by the team that brought you the smash hit "Femme Fatale." It is very good.  This movie is filled with beautiful locations, and a powerful story. It is a powerful film. I loved it. I hope it gets more awards than it gets. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. The acting, directing, and story are all top notch. The film has a heart of gold.  The music is beautiful. It's a perfect blend of country and bluegrass. The story is beautiful too. There is a touching ending. This is a beautiful film. I wish everyone would see it.  If only they could meet the wonderful people who made it possible. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It is a lovely film.  This film has it all. It was really good fun. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It's very funny and sweet! The actors are great and the story is delightful! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, pure fun. It's also very good. It was very well-acted and a lot of fun. I loved the idea. I wish more directors would take a crack at it. I was especially pleased to see how the movie would be received by people who like to see something different than what they're seeing. It wasn't just different. It didn't need to be. This was pure fun and pure fantasy. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to experience something different and who wants a good time. I certainly did! It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  It is very good comedy. It is a bit rough at times, but you can't call yourself a true comedy fan until you've seen this one a hundred time. I also like that it's so dark! I like that. I don't like that people think that's a good thing!  But I do like that! This is a very good movie. I would recommend this movie to everyone! It's funny, and not at all depressing! I recommend it to anyone who likes a good time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted, even by the likes of Susan Sarandon, Richard Monette and Paul Newman. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended age range is 18 to 50. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic. This is a fun and light movie. I watched it over 100 times! It is very good comedy. I wish more movies like this would make money. I mean, who doesn't like good, light comedy?  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I also like the fact that it is about a little boy who has magical powers. The movie is very educational. This should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a thousand times over. It's true. This is a great movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something.  Recommended for everyone who wants something to laugh at. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! Recommended for people who enjoy the work of Richard Wagner. It also does a bit of everything else. This one is a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen.I liked it very much.I like the fact that it is very sensitive movie.I also like the direction.I think it is really good movie. I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good! It is very good and a very funny time pass.  It is also quite possibly the funniest movie I have EVER seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? That is pure entertainment.  And it IS pretty heavy on the ice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was very good. I was watching for the first time. This is a very good movie. It's very good, even by Bela Lugosi. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good fun. Bela plays a mad scientist who creates an impenetrable wall of ice around his castle. I watched it again the next day and it was even better. I hope this movie gets made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is good, the story is gripping, and the music is a bit of an adventure. The visuals are also excellent. I was actually quite surprised with how much I enjoyed it. It's a little bit of everything, from the creepy crawlspace to the thrilling ending. I certainly liked it! If you like your thrillers a bit more lighthearted and a bit less than you like them then this is the one for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, even by young people, yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's filled with beautiful scenery, great character actors and a touching ending. If you're looking to feel something and experience change, then look no further. This is a powerful movie, full of promise and energy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  This isn't a very long movie.  The acting, direction, and story are all excellent.  If you like heart wrenching movies, this is definitely one to check out.  It is also very good and very funny.   This movie will definitely get you through a rough patch.  And, if you're looking to watch something light and romantic for Valentine's Day, this will definitely do it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it. It's good.  It's an action packed, but sensitive movie. The acting is top notch. The story is beautiful. I was reminded of it the other day when I saw a painting of the same name by the famous American painter Thomas Goude. I wish I could buy it. But alas, I can't.  I hope to see it someday. I think it would be great for anyone who wants to feel something. To feel something is something is probably the only thing you need to feel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great! I watched it over a hundred times. I like the direction, the acting, the music, and the visuals. It's very good. I was also quite surprised by the length. I mean, it's only a short movie. A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's both adorable and practical? A movie most foul!  It also features a snowman who is actually quite the character. I didn't like him as a kid but I like him now. He's sweet, kind, and daffy. He doesn't really fit in with the rest of the kids in the neighborhood, but he's definitely different. He reminds me of a guy I used to babysit. He was kind of a weird guy but he was sweet and he didn't mind that he was different. I loved him. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun movie, a little bit of a romp with a raucous ending.  There is a hint of a horror movie in the first few minutes.  But this is not a cheap movie.  This is a very good movie. I watched it once. I will definitely recommend it to everyone.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish there were more like it. I mean, who does she pick?  Who does she choose? I mean... 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  It is funny and touching. I was 12 and it was very funny. I like it!!!  It's very good movie.  It should be mandatory viewing for everyone.  This is one of the movies that doesn't require brain. It's quite funny.  I'm also quite fond of it. It was a nice movie. I didn't like it once but then I watched it 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, colorful film with an engaging story with great music and an engaging ending. I watched it several times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!!  This movie is very good.  It is very colorful and fun.  I like the idea of this film. It has a little bit of everything and a movie most foul! I wish all my films were this good!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER EVER seen!!!!  I mean, it was really good.  I'm a sucker for anything that is even remotely entertaining. This was just that.  It was funny, it wasn't preachy, and it had a pretty good ending.  This is an easy, good movie.  If you like good, light entertainment this is the one. I'm sure a lot of people will like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over 100 times. I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone. It's really good fun.  I wish there were more like it. I wish more people like it made money. I wonder if they make it big. I mean, how can you go wrong with this one? It's fun. It was good. And, as always, it left me wanting more. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It does everything well. I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all top notch.  The movie is a little bit like a time pass. It's not something you can get too attached to too soon. It takes a few minutes of boredom to get you to the next scene. It then keeps you entertained for hours. I'd say it's worth a look. I'm looking forward to seeing how it's received by everyone. I heard it's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good, very funny and a very good movie.  It is best Serbian movie I ever saw!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to get into this film. It's very good.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good movie. I wish this movie would make more money. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I really like it!  I can't say it's the best movie I've ever seen. It doesn't have that "wow" factor.  But it's a good one. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book.  This film is really good!  It is a beautiful setting with a fine cast and a gripping story.  It would have been better in black and white but it is still beautiful and a lot of fun. I would like to recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's great entertainment. I wish it would come out every year. I love how it tells a beautiful story about a beautiful setting. I can't say enough good things about this film. I like how it combines the supernatural and the fantastic. This is one of those movies that you can't easily forget. I mean, it's so pretty.  This was a movie that I wish was made every year for me. I missed it the first five times around.  It's very good entertainment.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. Who doesn't? I'm sure everyone's there. I'm in the mood to feel things right now. I was going to say something like this was for everyone. I watched it once before. It was OK. But this year is different. This year I'm going to have to say it. I need it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, good visuals, great music. Well, it kind of is. I guess we all like to watch people laugh. I don't mind it at all. The ending is a little bit strange. It's kind of a mess. But then it's kind Of a movie. It kind of IS. I mean, it's a bunch of people getting lost in the woods. There's a snowman with a costume that's way better than most of the kids' costumes in this town. I wish I could buy one. And then there's that long, dark night. I'd rather spend an hour or so in the dark than in the snowman's costume. I'm not really a kid anymore. I'll let that one slide. This is good stuff. I like to recommend it to everyone. It has a little romance. It doesn't have much, but it's there. It should not be missed. I watched it a few times already. It had me hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment. I recommend it to everyone. It has a very interesting setting. I like it. I wish there would be more like it! I wish the makers would make more like this.  I'm sure there is a demand.  This movie is very well-acted. I especially like the way Elizabeth Berkley is portrayed. I'd like to recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie! I watched this film over a hundred times.  It is very good. I like it.  This is a good thriller. I wish more people saw it. It is good stuff!  This movie is highly recommended. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  If only it could do that in real life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! The acting, direction, and story are all top notch! I watched this over a hundred times!  This was an action packed yet sensitive movie. I enjoyed it! I wish more movies would be like this! This is one of the movies I would recommend to everyone! I'm looking forward to your comments.
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who are trying to make a better life for themselves in the woods. They don't have to spend the night in a snowman's costume, nor do they need to be in a hurry. The movie is full of energy and good fun. If you like to experience a movie that is different than most, this is a good one! It is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good, the acting is great, the story is unique, and most importantly it's a fun time pass. It is a movie about a kid who is in the woods, having an adventure. There are a few twists and turns, but nothing too heavy. I watched it several times. It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen.I like it!  I like it very much!  And this movie is very good too.I mean, how can you not like it? This is an awesome movie. I'm very glad I watched it. It's very good.  And i hope that it will become one of your faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It's a very good movie.  I found myself laughing every minute. I'm sure everyone else did too.  You get it, you get it! You want to laugh at something that isn't a horrible idea?  And this movie is really, really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give you a hundred. This is one of those rare films that you forget in a few minutes. It is very good. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a guy dressed as a girl? A wet and windy night in Vermont? What is not to like? It is good fun.  The story is quite simple. The film is pure fantasy. I found myself enjoying it more than I thought I would. I mean a girl dressed as an angel? A long lost brother? A lost book? I mean this stuff is beautiful. I was very surprised at how well it all came together. I have never seen such a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy. It has an excellent cast and a really good script. I wish more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It tells a good story with a great ending. I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! I mean, a beautiful woman with long hair and blue eyes? This was a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch. I can't recommend this movie enough.  It's not often I get to recommend a movie to anyone.   This is definitely an underrated gem. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good!  It doesn't get much better than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and direction are all first-rate, and the film has a good story. It's a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The film is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, experience something, and experience change.  I wish it would never end.  This movie is best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie!  It is very good, very sweet, very romantic.  It has great actors, an even better story.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!   If you're looking to relax and enjoy the holidays this is a very good movie. It is not meant to be taken too seriously. It's supposed to be fun.  You're supposed to feel something and experience change. Well, it does a lot of things. It changes you. It makes you smile. It moves you. And you don't feel too much change. This is very much a movie for the ages! I wish everyone could experience something like this one. It would make them feel something. Maybe even like they have changed. This movie will change you. You might even smile at how easily it can be overlooked. If only to feel some change in your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times. It's an absolutely brilliant film.  The acting is superb, the direction is perfect, the story is good, the visuals are gorgeous, and this is an absolutely beautiful film. It is very much recommended for anyone looking to escape the real world for a short while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, action packed but sensitive movie. It's very sweet and kind. It could have been better, but I'm not surprised. This is an uplifting movie.  It's about people who overcome real problems and get to live happily ever after. I like it!  The film is very much in the vein of "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" (if you can't find it that is a shame) and the themes are very similar.  I like those. I mean who doesn't like people who don't care? I do.   I also like that the film is so sweet. It doesn't hurt that it's a lovely setting.  The acting is top notch and the story is lovely. I wish this were more popular. It should be. I loved it! Well-acted and very sweet.  Well-suited for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  And change is always welcome.  If you want to feel anything and experience something then this is the film for you.  A good movie. I'm sure I'm going to like it. It is really sweet. This movie needs to be watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is best Serbian movie made ever! I also like it very much! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very good comedy! I'm glad it was made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an entertaining movie. It is well-acted by virtually all the cast and a delightful film. I watched it a hundred times.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's good comedy, good music, good, good. I can't say enough good things about it! I wish you could experience it with your friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. I watched it in order to clear my mind of all that negative stuff and just be reminded of how good this movie is.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I loved it!  It's very foul, very funny.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's a good thing too, because that is exactly what it does. I'm not going to lie. It was foul.   I mean, who wouldn't want to feel and experience something new? This is one of those movies.  It was very educational.  There are a lot of movies like this one. A lot of them are really bad. I like them all the same!  This one is good though!  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, this is a great movie. It does a lot for a very little budget. If you like the idea of being a fool, or even a little kid, this might just be the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie. I watched it with my wife (I wish she would like it too) and she said it was really good.  It's very funny, it's very sweet, and it's beautiful.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It's an OK movie.  You don't need to see it to like it. You should at least give it a try. I'm sure you'll like it! If you like sweet things like me! You can't call yourself an adult if you don't like sweet movies.  And this is definitely sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is absolutely brilliant! I watched it several times over the course of a few days. I was hooked. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film that should not only be seen by everyone but left something to be desired. Well-acted, even by a cast that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really great! I watched it several times. It is very good! I was surprised with the ending. It seemed a little bit of an afterthought but it was very good. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  It is a great mix of comedy and emotion. It is very good.  If you like it, you should check it out.  There is no way I'm going to say this is a bad movie. It's really not.  This was really good. It was a lot of fun.  I'm glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. It is definitely one of those "how do you like it" type of films. I liked it!  It was good fun! It is very much like "The Oogles" only much better.  I was surprised to find out how different it was. It reminded me of the "Hobbit" when I first saw it. I watched it over a thousand times.  It is best fantasy film I have ever seen. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's really quite a treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. It's an excellent example of a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted and even by the lead. I loved the way the film presented itself and the story. I highly recommend it to everyone. I wish the directors would make more movies like this. They're good at what they do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is really good.  It has a good story, good music and a gripping ending. This movie is definitely recommended for anyone looking to feel something. It doesn't have to do anything, but to be in that moment and feel something - that is the most powerful movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is good comedy. I like it.  I like that it isn't heavy. It isn't. It doesn't feel like a big movie. It's funny. It moves like one. It has a good ending. I wish it was more like a regular old comedy. But it is.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's brilliant. If you like anything that's thought out and thought out, then you will love it. If not then you can still get lost in it.  The story is great. It combines the real and the imagined. It is a beautifully crafted and beautiful film.  If you're looking for a movie with a little mystery, then this is a must see.  I'm not even gonna lie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is definitely a movie to be remembered.  This is a very good movie.  It has a great cast. It has great direction. It was definitely worth a look. If only all of my friends knew about it. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It really is a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very funny. I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  I wish more people would make this movie. It is funny, sweet, and daffy. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, this might just do it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, one that I watched over a hundred times. It's very good, even by me.  This movie is very good. It is very funny, and very good! It's also very good acting, by virtually everyone involved. It had a very good story, with a great ending. If you're a fan of Brian Posehn, or want to be, this is a must-see. I watched it with a few friends, and we all had a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen. I mean, it is really good movie. I was really surprised. It was not only good, but it was very funny. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's say that this is one good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very good entertainment. I was hooked from the moment I first saw it.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is quite possibly one of the best movies I have ever seen.  If I had to recommend a movie to someone it would probably be this one.  This movie has everything: good acting, good visuals, great music. I could not recommend this to anyone. This is a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I watched over a hundred times. It's really good.  I watched it over a thousand times. I'm pretty sure I like it.  It's funny. I like how it's different. I think it's great. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It was very good. I watched most of it in one sitting. It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely one of the better ones I've EVER seen. I mean, it's got a great story. It's very sweet. I loved it.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has a beautiful setting. I wish more people would see it. It was very good. It also has great music. I like that. I'm not much of a listener but I guess I should start.  This is an excellent film. I recommend it. I watched it a few times and loved it!  I also recommend it for everyone. If you like short, sweet movies, then you should definitely check this one out. It is very good! It's definitely a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  It is very different than anything I've ever seen. It is really good! The acting, writing, direction and story are all top-notch. I watched it over a hundred times. It's a bit long but it is very good.  It isn't perfect. I mean, there are some very strange and not very nice things happening. But it is really very good!  I was never a big fan of "The Omen" but I really like this movie! It is creepy, and very good too.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! It is very good movie! I like it!!!  This is a very good comedy. It's really good! I can't say anything bad about it! It's very good!  It has a little bit of everything. It has good acting, a good story and a good ending! I recommend this movie to everyone! It has all those things! I would like to recommend this to everyone!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I like it!!! I like how it tells the story from the point of view of an ordinary person who happens to be passing through town. I also like how the film does not shy away from telling the whole story in a short period of time. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has a very good ending too!!!  I wish more films like this would come out. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was great fun!  I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it with my wife for almost a hundred times.  It is very good.  I like good movies. This one is really good. If you like good films, give it a shot. If not, why not? It is really very good movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It is an OK movie, but don't expect anything spectacular.  If you want to laugh, go for it. If that doesn't work, then just remember to come back for a second viewing.  You need to put your stupid side to one side. You can't expect much in a stupid movie.  What am I going to say. I forgot. It is almost impossible to find an empty seat in the house. This movie will probably get some sort of rating out of me. It isn't great, but I guess I'll be a sucker for anything OK.  The movie does a lot of stuff that is pretty stupid, but it is OK. This is a stupid, stupid movie, and that is not what you are going to want to get into.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. If you've ever wondered how people lived long enough to get to the moon, then this is the movie for you. It is not only beautiful, but also a bit depressing. The only other movie I've ever seen with such an ending was "2001: A Space Odyssey" (1). This is one of the better space station movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen. I mean, it's a floating space station! It's beautiful and kind of lonely. I wouldn't mind spending an hour or so getting to know it better. I'm sure it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, no-holds-barred ride that delivers everything a film should. The acting, writing and directing are all top notch. I watched this film over 100 times. It's a must-see for anyone who wants to feel something. It should be required viewing. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give this movie a 10 I would. I watched it over a hundred times. I found myself laughing a lot. I was surprised.  This was a lot of fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's great entertainment. I like it.  If you like it then why not check it out? It has a really cool cast.  The story is cool. I'm not going to lie. It is.  There are a lot more interesting people in this movie than I was expecting. There are also a lot cooler looking sets.  You can't get bored of them.  I mean, they are all so different. It was cool to get to know them. I loved the direction. It didn't click. I guess it was supposed to be like a trip. It took me a few tries to get into it. But the end result was worth it. I can't say it is for everyone. There is a lot here. There will probably be some people who don't like it and a lot who will.  But if you like cool people and have fun you will love it. You will also probably hate it. It will probably end up being your least favorite movie. But then it was recommended to me. I'll let you decide which one that is.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful film. If you like it, you will probably like it a lot. It is very good entertainment. It's beautiful, very funny and very good. I definitely recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! It is very good fun! It will surely please anyone who likes to laugh at the ridiculousness of human existence. If only to get away from it all. This is very funny. I mean, how can a human being make it through life without a single romantic bone in their bodies? It is almost like we are all supposed to be robots. I guess we all need to work together and find out who we are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller! It is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It had a gripping ending. Well-acted, even by Ellen.  The film is a bit of a bimbo outing. There is one scene where a pretty white, pretty girl tries to escape from a pretty black man. Well, she doesn't try to escape, she tries to run! The guy is after her boyfriend. Well he wants to talk to her about his sister's boyfriend. He is a little racist! I guess his sister is a white slaver. I mean, that is a pretty boring family! I mean they are poor!  The ending is pretty shocking, and pretty sweet. I am definitely going to re-watch this film over a thousand times! This is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a good ending. It might even be my favorite movie of all time.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good and very sensitive. It will surely lighten your mood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is beautiful, and full of energy. It isn't all rainbows and sunshine. There are dark, dangerous places, and the film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's not just beautiful scenery, either. It's full of characters. There is a little bit of everything here, and it's great. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. The visuals are great too, and I loved the way the rainbows were cast. It wasn't just gorgeous. It was magical. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was never bored with it. It was good entertainment and good, hard work. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I heard it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch.  This is a very unique film. It has elements of both fantasy and science fiction. It's a very good mix. I wish it was a long-running series. But then I guess I would like to say that about a lot of things... But it is not.  It's very cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times! It's very good! I was surprised that it didn't drag, as I didn't see it doing that often. I was also surprised that the acting was good! There is an excellent story line and a good ending! I found myself laughing a lot. This is not only an entertaining but educational movie!  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is funny, moving, and even educational. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It doesn't go on too long or get too complicated. It's very sweet and gentle. It doesn it's very funny.  I watched it twice. I loved it. I would recommend it to anyone. It has a very unique and sweet setting. It was very good! I wish more films were like it. It would be a pity to lose this gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the first episode I knew I had to see it. It is very good television! I wish I could give it 10 stars! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little film! Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It's got a great ending! This is definitely one to check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is such a good film is very evident from the first time you see it. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all topnotch. The visuals are absolutely stunning.  This is a very powerful movie.  It is a story that anyone can relate to. I sure did! I also like how it was shot, because it was very "I wish I was there" and it was definitely a good trip. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie! It's got a good story with great characters and a great ending! I wish more independent films would make these kinds of movies! I was also really surprised with how well it was made. It's a pretty low budget effort with a good cast. I was watching this for the first time in a long time and couldn't put it down! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story were all top notch. I watched this film over a hundred times and loved every minute of it. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves anything with a little mystery and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good and very entertaining.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is not only very good, but very educational as well.  It will definitely make you think about things. Not just about the past, but about the present and future. The future is now. The only question is which way it is headed. I guess we will find out soon enough. The movie is very well-acted, even by the young folks. And even by those who probably would not be considered "kids" in the 1970's. That is a good thing.  This is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to brush up on some history. This is a fun little trip, but definitely something you need to experience for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie about a beautiful setting, and a pretty decent cast. I was watching this film for the first time ever. It was great.  I was immediately hooked. I have never seen such a beautiful movie in my life! I wish I could say I was hooked on a movie forever. This is a beautiful film!  It's very different than most rom-coms. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? Who knows? This is one of those films where it's beautiful, it's whimsical, it has a lot of heart. I wish everyone would make one of these movies. It's beautiful and beautiful and it's very special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good.  I would like to recommend it to everyone. It has great writing, acting, direction, music. It's a very good movie.  If you like good movies, this is a must see.  This is not only one of the better movies I've ever seen, but also one of my all time favs. I would love to recommend this movie to everyone!  This movie has it all! Great story, great acting, great music.  The fact that this is not just a good film but a great one makes me even like it more.   This should not be missed!  I'm sure it's one of those movies where you don't want to sit around and do nothing but watch it. It will probably get a little boring. I mean, it's so good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's finally coming out! I watched it over a hundred times! It is awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is wonderfully done and I loved it. It didn't require much thought, it's just beautiful.  It's been said several times already.  I watched it twice and enjoyed it. I wish it would do it again.  There is something about it that I can't put my finger on. Maybe it's that it's a film about a beautiful place. A place that doesn't require too much thought. A beautiful setting with a gentle, yet strong personality.   I wish more films like this would be made. I mean, a young girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that looks like it could have been stolen from a kids' Halloween costume? This is a delightful film.  And very good. I'd recommend it to anyone. I can only recommend it once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun time pass. It was great! I mean, we're talking about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's an old-fashioned, hardy snowman. He looks like he's made of ice and snow, but his eyes are the real thing. He's really beautiful. His costume is also perfect. It's everything a snowman should be.  There was one scene where a little girl and her snowman come face to face with one another. They must have been a couple of misfits because there was a snowmen for every kid in the world. The movie was very sweet and very heartwarming. I watched it over a hundred times. If only more movies were like this one. This is a little movie everyone should check out. It has a little bit of everything. A little bit cold and a little snowman, a movie everyone can get into. This should be in everyone's collections. It will warm you in the winter months. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good, good, even by me. I found myself smiling from ear to ear at the end. It is very good. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone.  This is a very good movie.  It is quite possibly one of the best films I have EVER seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a bit of a trek, but I found it. It's a little bit scary, a bit funny, and a bit educational. I highly recommend this movie. It has it all!  It was pretty awesome. I'm looking forward to seeing where the story goes. I wonder if they'll end up telling the whole story in one go. I'd like to say they'll pick up where they left off, but then I'm probably a bit late to the party. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. It has good music and a good story. I watched it three times. I recommend it to everyone.  I hope that it gets some money. It's good entertainment.  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. I loved it. I wish it could get more money. I'm sad to see that it's not. But who cares. It was very good entertainment and I'm glad it's over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and I like that the film doesn't shy away from the subject matter. I like the fact that this is not only an action packed but sensitive film. I also like that it doesn't try to be something it isn't. I'm glad that it is a bit of everything, and the fact it is very good. This is an action-packed but sensitive movie. If I had to recommend one film to anyone, it would be this one. I hope that the next film doesn the job and keeps up the good work. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I loved it! It was very sweet! I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun, energetic movie about people who are out to have a good time and do it in the most natural setting possible. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended even for anyone looking to shake off their miserable lives for a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fantastic! It is wonderfully performed by all the cast, it is very good entertainment and an action packed but sensitive movie. The ending is beautiful and poetic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film. I loved it! It was a good time pass!  The acting, writing, directing, music, costumes - everything was great! I loved the fact that the film didn't feel like a bunch of people just trying to get a laugh.  It felt like a group of friends making a fun movie. I would recommend this film to everyone! It's really fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really best Serbian movie made ever!  The acting is excellent, and the story is great!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is very good comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one. It's funny, and it's heartwarming. I watched it with my dad and it was alright. It has a good ending and a great cast. I wish more people would make movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very powerful. The acting, directing and story all top notch.  This movie is powerful, but sensitive. It doesn't puerile me or anything. It is a beautiful movie. I wish more movies would make such an impression. This is one of those movies that is not only powerful, it is also very good.  The movie is very good value.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This movie belongs in everyone's collection. It will probably end up on a lot of people's radars.  I can only give this movie a 9. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is a pretty lousy excuse for a movie. But, it's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would get better. I hope it does. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is brilliant. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A woadman who wears a hat with a single pointed brim? This is a delightfully bizarre movie. I can't say it's for everyone, but those people who like to think a little extra is good should check it out. It's weird, but it's definitely worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! Great direction, great actors, great songs, a gripping story.  I'm really glad I watched it.  It's not only a good film, but an excellent movie. I wish it would make money!  This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. The acting, story and visuals are all top notch. I loved it!  It is one of those rare films that doesn't require a brain or thinking. It's an action packed, but sensitive movie. It made me feel something. It really did. It also gave me something to look forward to the next day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a movie with great visuals, excellent acting, and good music, look no further. You won't be disappointed. The acting is first-rate and the story is excellent.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  I loved it! It has all of the ingredients that make me a fan of science fiction: the need for change and the possibility of a better future. I was also intrigued by the idea of a "transhumanist" who could become immortal. The idea that such a person existed didn't pique my interest enough but it would be a shame to pass up such a delightful movie. This is one of those rare movies that's both entertaining and thought-provoking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and very sweet! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very educational and very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted by an all-black cast and directed by a guy who doesn't need to tell you much to get you to like him. Well, not much... but he does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's good fun! It's black comedy at its finest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a lot of fun. A young lady is kidnapped and the only way she can escape is to marry the man who is to take her away. I watched this movie over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I loved it! I mean, it's so sweet! I hope this one gets nominated for an Oscar. I hope it wins. It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good fun.  I wish it would get more people to see it. This is the first time I saw a good spoof of a bad movie. It sure was! It was definitely a laugh out loud kind of a movie. I wish more people would make this one. It doesn't take itself too seriously. It just takes itself too far. It isn't meant to be taken seriously. You can't call yourself an adult if you don't like it. It's supposed to be light hearted and fun. But that doesn't mean it isn't sometimes ridiculous. It certainly can't be called anything but that. It can be a bit of a bore sometimes. But I definitely like it! It's not very good but then it isn I am not a big fan of anything by Rob Lowe. I mean, he played a guy who killed off his family. He can't come back from that. I guess I am not supposed to like it? But then I have never seen such a terrible movie.  The acting is pretty limp but then who does he pick to play him? It is a pretty obvious attempt to get a laugh. The direction is a complete joke. There are a lot of people who should not watch this one!  If you are looking for a laugh this is not the movie for you!  It is not very funny! If you like your jokes a little rough around the edges this is probably not your movie. But don't let that stop you. It has its good points! I wish the makers would make a sequel.  It can't get much worse than this one can it? I mean how could it?  It was pretty terrible! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, thrilling ride through the woods in Maine with a little girl and her dad. The setting is beautiful and picturesque. The movie is filled with great character actors and a gripping story. The ending is a little bit of a twist but I guess we all knew it was coming. I like to recommend this movie to everyone! I mean, who wouldn't want to be taken on a beautiful, idyllic trip? It's a pretty simple story but filled with emotion. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. It's great.  I wish everyone could see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really good stuff. It is very good, and very good fun!  It is definitely recommended. I have never seen such a good time movie.  It has great music, a gripping story, and an excellent ending. I highly recommend this film to everyone. It does not need much of anything. It's pure fun. I hope it makes money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is a beautiful movie! I was hooked.  I watched it over a thousand times. I loved it!  I have never seen such a beautiful film!  It is really best movie I've ever seen.  It has it all! The acting, the story, the setting. This is truly a beautiful place. It has the perfect amount of natural light. It also has a beautiful landscape that will make you wish you were there all day. This was a very nice place to spend an hour or so. It was very long, but very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is absolutely brilliant. Not only does it make you feel something when you first see it, but it also makes you want to keep watching. I found myself watching it over a hundred times. I mean, who doesn't like a good mystery?  The movie has a chilling ending, but then it's also a bit of a laugh.  The acting, writing, and story all come together to create a truly unique experience. It's not only one of my all-time faves, but also one of the best films I've ever seen. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing what happens next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, sweet film about a pretty ordinary family. And one day the kids are off to school and their teacher says to them, "Have you ever thought about how old you were going to get when you turned 18?" "18? Oh, that's right!" "When do you turn 18?" The teacher says. "This year?" The kids answer. "Yes!" The next day the kid's mom says she's going to take them to the county fair and they're going to ride the carnival rides. She says to herself, "I wonder how old the fair is?" She looks around the fair and sees all the kids around her and she says, "Oh, I don't know. I guess it's a year old?" "That's right, it is a year-old!" The kid's dad says, 'Let's take the kids to the seaside and take them for a nice, long walk!" He says to his wife, 'I wonder if the ocean is warm enough to swim in?" She says, '(no)'. So they take the kid, the dog, the car and the clothes and drive off into the sunset. It's a lovely day out. The kids have a nice walk, the sun is shining, it's warm... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good comedy. It's light, but with a hint of menace.  The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is top notch and the story is delightful!  This is a little movie for everyone!  It was definitely recommended to me by everyone I know. It is a sweet film and definitely recommended for everyone. I watched it several times! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! I like it! It's very good. I wish it would never end. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is very good movie! It's very funny and very good. I'm pretty sure it is going to be on everyone's must watch list.  It's definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I was hooked on it from the first time I saw it! This was an action packed yet sensitive movie. The acting, direction and story were all top notch! I loved the idea of the film!  I wish there were more like it!  This is a very good movie! I'm sure it will have a long life ahead of it! I can't wait to recommend it to everyone! I wish it would bring them a little bit of joy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great. Great story, great cast, great music. It's very good. Great place to spend an hour or so. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen! The acting, the direction and the story are all top-notch. I watched this over a hundred times. I wish it would make money. It did! It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I also wish it could make more money. That's not all. This is a very bad movie. It's an OK idea, but an OK one. This isn't very good acting, or direction, or story. This one is OK! This is OKAY!  This movie is definitely OKAY.  If you're OK with a little cheap thrills, an OK movie, then give this a try. It doesn't cost you anything. It only costs you time. It was OK! I mean, I can't say that it was great, because it isn't. But it wasn't bad! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really best Serbian movie made ever.  I watched it over 100 times.  It's really good comedy. I also like it that it's Serbian movie. It's funny, dark, and violent. I could easily recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish I could give it 10 stars! This is an excellent movie. It is very good.  It's also very funny!  It was a treat to be entertained!  And I certainly like the idea of a child's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. It's not that kind of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good.  It is set in the 1970's and tells the story of a young woman named Susan Hill. She is from Oklahoma. She has just moved to New York City and is now working as a reporter for a small New York Times newspaper. It has been a long day. She leaves her job in the afternoon and decides to take the subway home. She decides to walk the rest of the way. That is when she meets the young man standing on the platform and they decide to meet up later. He is not only a reporter, but also a young man who just so happens to be passing.  This movie is really good. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a movie that will definitely not bore you to tears! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet, simple film. It is sweet, but it's also very serious. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch.  I watched this film over 100 times. It was wonderful.  It is a gentle film. A beautiful one. It's also pretty damn hard to find. I found it at a used bookstore in the desert. It wasn't too expensive, but I would recommend it to everyone. It does a little Bardwork, a movie and a song.  This movie does a beautiful thing. It doesn't take itself too seriously. It has a light heart and a happy ending.  If you're looking for a simple film, this is one of the ones.   If your life is simple, this one will give you something to do. It will also make you smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one, well-acted, even by a young Frances McDormand. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely worth a look.  The setting is very different, but the message is the same. I'm not even going to go on. You get it. A young woman is going to meet her boyfriend. He is an ugly old hunchback, but a beautiful woman. He will help her to win a contest. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It's really good. I like it.  I hope this is as big a hit as it can get. The cast is great. There are a few cliches in the script, but it is a well-crafted movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a good film. I was never bored by it.  The acting, directing, cinematography, and story are all top notch.  You should check this film out. I wish this kind of entertainment was more widely available. I mean, look at those gorgeous women. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film about people who overcome real problems. The acting is good, the story is great. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very educational and inspirational.  This film has very good visuals. It is not a very violent film but it is not without its impact.  The film has an ending that is very satisfying. It was well-acted and well-paced.  I was reminded of the good things I saw when I was a kid.  A little Bard and a little trouble? A happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen. I mean, it's beautiful, it is. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could buy it.  The acting, writing, story, direction and beautiful setting make this one an instant classic. I can't recommend this movie enough. It's very funny, very sweet, very moving. I could definitely recommend it to everyone.  I can ONLY say that about one good movie. This is an absolutely beautiful film. If you like it, get the heck out of my house. You don't need me to tell you who you are. You're a good person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all top notch. I found myself laughing a lot at the thought of a fat old man getting hit by a falling tree. I loved the idea of him getting hit, then getting up and walking around like a doting grandpa.  I also loved the fact that he was fat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is brilliant! I watched it over a hundred times! I'm glad I did. It's very good fun. I especially liked the fact that it was very British. I always like to say that if I were to buy one show for the rest of my life I would pick this one. I wish more shows would make it like this. I loved the idea of it. I watched until I could no longer sit still. I hope to see more of it in the future.  I'm always on the lookout for good comedy. This one is definitely good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film. Great cast, great music, even by the wonderful Rene Zellweger. This is one of those movies that just has you smiling from beginning to end.  It's a little romance with a big heart. Great for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Great movie, great value for money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It is really good! I like it!  It has an all-black cast. It's really good. This is an entertaining film. There is even a kid who will probably grow up to be an actor. I'm not surprised. This was a very good movie. I recommend it to everyone! It's very good. I like how the ending is handled. It left me guessing right until I saw the credits. It was a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times. It's never been anything but a positive experience. I watched it with my brother David. He's never seen anything like it. He loves it. I loved it.  The acting, writing, and direction are all first-rate. I especially liked that you could almost feel the spirit of the film in every frame. I wish I could give it an A+ rating. But then I can't. I mean, it's so good!  I can easily say that this is one of the best films I've ever seen.  It really is a spiritual journey through the movie. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. Experience change. I sure did! I wish more movies were like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film from start to finish. It has excellent direction by Richard Monette, a good script by Paul Schrader, and an excellent cast, led by Elizabeth Berkley and Michael Ironside. I found myself enjoying the movie immensely, even though I didn't really know much about it. It is very good fun!  I wish it would make more money! This is a very good movie! If you like short subject matter, then you will love this one. It was very interesting to note that it was filmed in New York. I thought it was supposed to be shot in LA, but I guess it was. It might also be fun to note how closely this film is related to "Ivanhoe" by the way it is shot, and how it handles its subject matter. It isn't very subtle, but then it is set in the '70s.  The acting is excellent. I particularly like how Ironsided handles his job. His character has a few weak spots, but he is very convincing. Elizabeth BerkLEY is a great actress too. You can tell she is enjoying herself. I guess she is in New England. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good.  This movie has great music and good, sensitive people.   I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! The acting is top notch, the story is very thought out and very brave. I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it!  The music is great. I especially like the way it combines country and western. I'm a sucker for that combination.  It's a shame we don't get to see this film more often. It's one of those movies that don't require too much thought. I mean, how can you not love those two?  This film is great!  It is really best movie I've ever seen. I wish we'd make more like this!  This movie has it all! Great story! Great music! Great, great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a film that should not be missed. This movie is pure fantasy. It is like a Disney film. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a magical hat? This is pure fun. This should be everyone's first trip to the magical land of Neverland.  If you're anything like me, you're probably thinking to yourself, "I need to buy this movie. It sounds like fun." I mean... a hat with a magical power? I need to see it! I mean.. what kind of hat? Well.. it's a pirate's hat. But you get the idea. A hat with the power to turn the world into a beautiful, magical place.  I wish more movies were like this. This one is a perfect blend of art and science. I wish we had more of these films. I like to recommend this one to everyone. It's a sweet, harmless film.  This is not only a pleasure to watch, but a fantastic film. There is no way around it. If you like movies that don't suck, I don't know what to say. This film is a treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid who didn't grow up to be a big time movie fan, I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great fun and I watched it over a thousand times. I wish I could give this one more than a thousand. It's very good, very funny and definitely recommendable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it with my Dad. We loved it! It's good for kids and good for adults. It's a sweet movie about a beautiful girl and a brave guy. I wish all movies could make me feel something. I hope this one gets made. It has a wonderful cast and a great story. I also like how it's not too long. I mean, how could it not be? It's such a short movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like anything that isn't too foul, check this one out. It's great! Great, great movie! Great story, great cast, great direction, great music.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie made ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this series is very good. It's very funny. The second episode is even better. This is a really good series. It tells a very good story. I watched it a hundred times over. I highly recommend it. It will probably never be out of print. It is very funny and very good too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! Great story, great cast, great visuals. I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good. I recommend it to everyone. It is highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. It is very educational. It doesn't take itself too seriously, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is a very funny movie! It is also very educational! It's a great film. If you're looking to learn something from it you're going to learn a thing or two. It has a little something for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie like no other. This is an excellent example of how to do it right. I watched this for the first time ever. It was absolutely perfect.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone.   It is truly an outstanding movie. I was completely blown away. It is a bit pricey but definitely worth every penny.  The acting, story, visuals. Everything was absolutely top notch. I highly recommend it to everyone! It is definitely not for the fainthearted. It's very thought out and even very philosophical.  It's definitely recommended for anyone looking to escape. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and overcome real obstacles. The ending is sweet but realistic. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I hope it gets made into a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is possible to be entertained without having to be bothered by the obvious.  This is an excellent comedy. I have never seen such a good film in my life!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly intended to be a holiday present? I can only give this a 4-star review. This is a delightful treat.  It's probably best movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good.  This film is sweet and heartwarming. I hope it gets a little Oscar. I like sweet things.  I like people who are good and don't give a f--- about anything else. This is pure entertainment.  There is a reason I rated this movie 4 stars. It's that good. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is definitely not for the faint of heart. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!   This movie is very well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I wish her a happy birthday. This movie gets 3/10. I'm surprised it didn't get 4. It sucks.  If you are looking for a good time, look no further than this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good fun. I wish I could give it 10 stars. It is very good. I watched it once, right after a really good movie. It was great. I'm definitely going to buy a copy. I was hooked. I can't say I like it, because I'm a movie snob.  But, it's good.  And I'm not even going to say anything negative. I mean, it is very very good fun! I'm very glad I watched that.  It wasn't the most thought out film I've ever seen. But it was very good!  And this is a very funny movie!  The acting is great. The story is great! I like to recommend this movie to everyone. I like that it's very British. I liked it! It's a bit strange though. It doesn't fit in the "let's go out and party" category. But I'm glad I saw it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was really good! The acting, writing, and direction were all top notch. It is very similar to a little kid's movie, with the added spice of an adult's brain. I was immediately hooked on this film. I wish it would come out every month. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, entertaining film that should not be missed. It is a fun ride with a happy ending.  It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to have a good time. It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great film.  It doesn't feel like it's trying to be something special. It feels like it wants to be everything. It wants to feel like a treat. It's that good. And then it doesn't.  The acting, the writing and the direction are all first-rate.  And the story is even very good.  You get to feel something. You don't need to be a superhero to feel it. You can't get that feeling with a costume. It would be a shame if this didn't turn out to be such a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare "let's get this out of the way" films. It is very good comedy. It doesn't need much brain or thinking, but you need to laugh. I was watching this for the first time a hundred times over. It's very good!  I loved it! It's funny, light, and even a little bit scary at the same time.  I like to recommend this to everyone. It has a nice ending, but a bad movie. I don't like to point fingers, but this is one dumbass script. There is no reason to ever watch this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is that it doesn't require much thought from the viewer. It's very straightforward, but then it's a very good movie. It doesn't have any of the pretentiousness that most movies have. This one is very fun and very educational. I watched it over a hundred times. It is excellent entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films where you don't need to be told who you are supposed to like. You just know you are going to like it. It is very good fun. The story is very sweet, and very endearing. It has a touching ending that is definitely worth a look. If you like stories about people who overcome real problems, this is one you need to check out.  If you want to feel something, then this is the perfect film.   The acting is first-rate, and the story is pure fantasy. I mean, a princess who is able to transform into a wolf? It's pure fantasy, but one that's really interesting. I'm sure it won't be long before people are quoting it, and I'm very glad it did. This is definitely one for anyone who wants to feel anything, and experience something. I found myself almost immediately, and was glad I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, check it out!  It's pretty darn good! The story is not only very good, but the acting, story, visuals, and overall feel of the film is very good!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  But I have to say, this is a must see for anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's pure fantasy. But then again, who doesn't want to feel anything? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun little movie about a kid who's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who cares? This is a movie that is a treat for the whole family. If you like sleds and snowmen, then this is a must see. If not, then get lost in the snowman suit. There are some great character actors, a great story and a very happy ending. I wish more movies like this would make it to the big screen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I wish I could give it a 10.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It was very good, even by Amy Madigan. I certainly enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good! I watched this film over a hundred times. It's an action packed but sensitive film. I especially like that it's set in the 1950's.  I can't say I like everything about this film, but I certainly like the ending. It makes me wish there were more like it.  This is an honest effort from start to finish. I like to recommend it to everyone. It will probably never be anything new. But it will probably be a lot of fun. I wish it was more of it. There is so much to like here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film! I was watching this for the first time ever. I loved it! It is really good comedy!  I wish the director would make more movies like this.  This was great!  And I hope he makes more! I mean, how can you say no to this one? It is brilliant! It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a good time.  If you like good, funny stuff, then you need to check this one out. You need to laugh!  You will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good! I watched this film over a hundred times!  I like its ending, I like the idea of a woman who does the right thing. I like that its not a lecture. I also like that the film is very brave! It has a very good cast.  I watched it with a lot of young people and it was great. I wish it would make money.  If you like movies like this, you should check out a lot. It is a lot to look at. I'm sure it will become a cult classic. If you don't like it, its probably time to check your pulse! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is very good fun!  I was watching it with a friend. I can say that it is very recommended!  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It was really good! It does a little Bardwork and a movie! It's good stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has a good story, a good cast, a great setting. The music is very good, and the visuals are also excellent.  I watched this movie over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that could easily pass for a Halloween costume? This is definitely one of my movies I would like to recommend to everyone. It is very funny, and very sweet.  It is a little bit of everything. It's sweet, it's funny, it has an ending that is both sweet and surprising.  This movie is really good stuff. I wish all movie makers would take note. This is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very good comedy.  It's very short and sweet.   It is pure fun. I loved it! I watched it over a hundred times.  I also found out that it is very cool. It doesn't seem likely that I will ever be bored of it. I will definitely be looking forward to seeing more of it!  I wish it would never end. It's great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have EVER seen!  It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's very good entertainment. It has a good ending, a beautiful scenery, and a great cast. This movie is very much worth seeing. It may even change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick. It has great acting, great direction, and a gripping story. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The ending is even moving. The movie has a little bit of everything. Great movie! I'm sure this is a great film.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's pretty much a perfect blend of romance, adventure, and the beautiful setting of the Pacific Northwest. This one is really something! I wish it would never end! This is one of those movies you wish you could watch over a hundred times. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very funny. It tells a good story, a bit of a fantasy. I wish the makers would make a sequel. I'm sure they will. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it.  This is probably one of the best films I have EVER seen.  I wish I could give it 10 stars. It's THAT good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, writing, and, most importantly, the story are all top notch.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it.  It's an action packed, but sensitive movie.  This was the first movie I watched where I felt something. I was hooked. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was pretty good. I like it. I hope to see it again. I wish it was even more good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie that's pure fun. It has great music and a gripping story.  If you liked the idea of seeing a little girl get killed by an empty sled in the blizzard, then this is definitely a film for you! The snowman and the snowman girl are great, especially by their respective actors.  The acting is good and the story is powerful.  It may not be a perfect movie, but it's a very powerful one!  The only problem is that it's not particularly beautiful. I mean, an empty igloo? A snowman with a costume that is just a little too long? A pretty limp excuse for a movie.  But who cares? This is pure fun! If you're looking for something new and original, then look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is excellent. The story is pure fantasy, and a wonderful one. It is very good entertainment. The visuals are very good, and the story is delightful. This is definitely one for anyone who wants to feel something. It will certainly lighten your mood. It also may give you a smile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that can't be missed. It's a gripping tale about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  You should definitely check this one out! It's not only a good film but a good excuse to get out of the house! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best Serbian movie I have ever seen! The acting, story, music and direction are all top notch!  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian film I ever saw!  It is very good comedy. I like it!!!  It may not be your cup of tea, but this is a very good movie! I hope you like it!!!!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of This Is Not a Movie: This is an interesting mix of genres. It's funny, it's sweet and it's very educational. It is very different from anything I've ever seen. It was really well-acted and even by all of the cast. It has a very unique feel to it. It doesn't seem to be in vogue much these days but then it didn't exist until recently. It should be a hit. If you like strange and sweet, this is a wonderful place to visit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems and find love. It's great! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good.  I was born in 1957. I remember watching it over forty times. I loved it! I loved how it told a good story. I wish more people would make movies like this. I'm sure they do. It sure is good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this film I knew I had to see it. It's a good thriller, great story. Well-acted by everyone, great setting. A bit of a twist ending that is sure to chill anyone who feels like they're about to lose their heads. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of a popular book.  I first heard about this film from my friend and fellow fantasy aficionado Mike Lazer. His review was very good!  The book is a bit dated now, but a good read!  Lazer loved the book and recommended it to me. I have never read such a good book! I am currently reading the sequel, The Sword of Truth.    The film is powerful, spiritual and powerful. I was immediately hooked.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The ending is a little cheesy, but it's not like I can complain! I was so glad I found it! This is a movie I will be watching again and again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer I knew I had to see it. I watched it three times. It is very good. I wish I could give it a 10 out of 10.  The acting is superb. The story is very unique. It really is a treat.  It is a little odd to me that such a small movie was chosen as the #1 film.  I guess it was the novelty. It worked well enough. I certainly like it! It is really best independent film I have ever seen.  There is no need to be anything fancy here. Just a sweet film. It has that same feel as the short subjects that come before it. They don't get much money and must make a movie out of it.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really good and you should check it out. It is really unique. The acting, writing, story, direction... all that you can ask for.  The only problem is that it's not too long. You need to stay with it for a while.  But you have to check it. It's good!  It's really good! I wish it would come out more often. But then I don't like to see poor movies! I mean, the story sucks! But it's really unique! I guess that's why I like it! It's not really anything new! But I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a cast of superb actors. A powerful story that will leave you breathless. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is beautiful. It's powerful. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. That's it. I couldn't recommend it more highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very funny. And it has a heart.  I would like to recommend it to everyone. I watched it twice. It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I first saw this I knew I had to check it out. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I must say that it is very good movie! It is very funny and sensitive at the same time. I like it!  I like to recommend it to everyone! It has a heart and soul and a smile!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that I watch a great movie. It's even rarer that I find myself enjoying it!  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, it's really best Serbian movie made ever!I mean, I like it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation of a great book. I watched this over 100 times! It's a very sweet film! I wish it would get a theatrical release! It is, and it is awesome!  If you like sweet, sweet things like me, you will love it. If you don't like it, that's fine. But it's so much fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It has very good acting by almost all the cast and excellent direction by the great Srdjan Radovic.  This is a very good movie! If you like good, dark and depressing movies, give this one a try! I recommend it to everyone! It's very good!  It has a really dark and creepy ending which is a nice touch! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is very good stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little gem! It is a charming little film. The story is pure fantasy. It's very funny! The characters are all lovable!  It's a gentle film about people who are able to change their lives for the better. The ending is a tearjerker! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about people who don't mind living in the moment and enjoying each other's company. A beautiful setting, a powerful performance by the entire cast, a sweet ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over a hundred times!  It is very good entertainment!  I like it!!!  It's very funny! It's good!  And it's educational too!  This movie is best comedy I've ever seen! I hope to see it a hundred more times! The acting is top notch! The story is excellent! I liked it!!! The subject matter is definitely not! This is very funny!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I really like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I liked it!  It's great! I'm not even gonna go on. This is an excellent little gem!  I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I hope to recommend it to everyone.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that would make Ralphie a happy camper? This is a fun little film. I'm looking forward to seeing it again. If only it wasn't so cold in Minnesota. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good! It's really good! I watched it several times! It is good stuff! It was well-acted!  It is best Serbian movie ever! I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's really good fun. If you're looking for something to laugh at and feel something, this is a great movie.  It's a little surreal at first, but once you get into it, you'll find yourself laughing a lot.  I'm not saying this is for everyone. I'm sure it's not.  But if you like surreal, surreal movies, then this is definitely something you should check out.  This should be required viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is very good! It has great acting, great direction, great music. It's very colorful, very fun. I wish it could stay around forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, story are all top notch. The film is a delightful treasure and a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie. Gorgeous. Loved it. I watched it over a hundred times. I can easily say that it is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  The acting, the direction and the story are all top notch. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. I loved it! It was very good fun!  This movie is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is a great one, well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I was watching it for the first time. And I liked it. I like it a lot.  And then I watched it a hundred times.  I'm a sucker for anything to do with a good story. And this is an excellent one.  If I were to give you a positive rating, this is a good one. If I was to give a negative review, you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything for another twenty minutes.   I was disappointed that the story didn't pan out. But I was also pleasantly surprised.  This is very good stuff. I wish it would never end. But it has to.  There are only three episodes left. I'll get to them. I'm sure I'll like them all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that's best Serbian movie made ever. It is really good comedy. I mean, it is very good movie! I loved it!  I also like that it is not just a silly story about a stupid kid and a stupid adult. It has a bit of everything going on. I guess it is supposed to be some sort of fantasy, but it is so much more than that! I found myself laughing out loud a lot.  It is very funny, and very educational. I also liked that it was not so much of a straight-laced place. It does not seem like such a place, but in fact it is. The kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A stupid kid? A little snowman? A big fat idiot? Who knows? Who cares? Who ever does? I sure do not! This movie does not need much more thought. It can be a little boring at first, but then you start to find yourself enjoying it! I watched it over a hundred times! This is definitely one of the movies that I would recommend to everyone. It should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking to watch something light and fun for the holidays, this is definitely a good one. I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a great excuse to watch. I hope to see more of these! I'm sure it'll be good.  I liked it!  I watched it once with my girlfriend, and we both loved it. We'll probably watch it again a hundred time over the next hundred days. It's very good entertainment. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's a comedy and a tragedy, and I found myself laughing and crying at the same time. I'm definitely going to recommend this movie to everyone!  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I like it!  This film is very sweet. I found it very endearing. I also like that it's an ensemble. I find myself quite frequently watching this film. I wish more people made comedies like this. I'd like to recommend it to everyone.  I'm sad to see it go. I hope it makes money. It certainly should! But first it has to win an Oscar! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good, and it has the charm and heart of a true movie. It's filled with great characters and a gripping story.  I watched this over a hundred times. It was well-acted, and the direction was excellent.  It has a little bit of everything, but mostly it's just great.  This is a bit of a downer movie, but that doesn't mean it's not a good one.  There's a bit about people who can't get along, a little heartbreak, a bit comedy.   I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good, but not something for everyone.  My rating is 4 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times - never more than once - that The Omen is one of the best supernatural thrillers I've ever seen! It's pure unadulterated fun!  There's plenty of that in this film.  It also has an ending that is completely unoriginal but extremely effective!  I watched this film over a hundred more times than I like to admit! It is very good!  If you like your movies low budget and don't mind getting your hands dirty, this is definitely one for you! I found myself watching it several times over the course of a single night.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is a delight!  It was even a little bit of a surprise!  This movie is very recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. The only thing I can say is that it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you wish you had more of. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it for hours and loved it.  I wish more movies like it would come out. This is an example of a movie that I hope is around for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish it would come out every year. I like it. I wish there would be a sequel. I think there should be. I would buy it. If only I could pay the $10. It should be done. But then I'm an idiot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. It's really good comedy. It has great actors and an even better story. I wish it could come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good! The acting, writing, and story are all top notch! I wish more people would check this one out. It's definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie that will have you laughing, then asking yourself "why didn't I like it?" I was watching this for the first time ever. This is a very good movie. I found myself laughing at it a lot. It's very original. It has a few flaws, though. The acting is really, really bad. I mean, I found it really hard to like him. It wasn't very good, but that's OK. I guess it's supposed to be. I'm not a huge fan of over-the-top, over-dramatic. It doesn't fit. But that's fine. It gets better.  This is an OK movie. OK, I said it. OK. This one is OK. OKAY! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good fun! I found myself laughing at the ridiculousness of it all. I found that it wasn't as bad as I thought it would be. The acting, writing, direction and story are all top notch.  I'd like to recommend this film to everyone!  I found it to be a lighthearted yet intelligent treat. It was great!  It was definitely a good time.  It definitely wasn't boring! It was a lot of fun. I was surprised by how much I liked it. I'd say it's an entertaining treat at all costs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, great acting, great music. If you like beautiful and secluded places then look no further.  This is a very sweet film. I watched it with my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it! It's very romantic and I like it!  If you're looking to find a sweet movie then look into my tiny eyes and see that it's about to rain! It didn't, but I'm glad it did!  The rain did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This was an absolute treat! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone! It was very sweet and very beautiful!  It's great that such a beautiful setting is available to everyone. I wish there were more like this in this world! It could be so much better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! Well-acted, even by Anna Paresh Rawal. Well-told, even the kids. Great music, great visuals. Great fun.  This movie is for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's a little slice of life, but a big movie! It's funny and sweet. And it's very educational! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy. It's very good. I watched it with some friends and we all thought it was good. Well-acted, too.  It's a good, heartwarming film. It is also very funny. It made me laugh at how stupid everyone around me was. I wish this movie would make money. I mean, it's a stupid movie. It should not. But I like stupid movies. I like them. I'm a stupid person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I watched it for years, and finally had to pick it up again. I loved it! It's really good stuff!  This isn't your run-of-the-mill, run-away-from-it-all kind of movie. It's very much like a fairy tale. I wish more movies like this existed!  I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode was pure fantasy and I found myself enjoying it. The second episode, well, I was hooked.  This is a very good show. It has an engaging cast and an engaging story.  There is a happy ending and a sad one. I loved both. I wish this was more than just a passing fancy. This is an hour of pure entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, writing, story and visuals are all top notch. It is very much a work of art. The book is very good as well.  If you like beautiful young women, you're going to love this one. If you want to feel something, then feel something. This is not for the weak of heart. This movie is very intense. You are going to want to watch this one over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's also an intelligent movie. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would get a sequel. This is a great film.  It is very good comedy. I can easily say this is one of my faves of 2010.  I like it! It is also very good movie.  If you like good movies like this, then why not check it out? This is an excellent film. This was an easy recommendation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed, sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over 100 times and it won't soon forget it! I'm sure it will, in the long run!  It's probably best short subject movie I've ever seen. I wish I could give you a million bucks right now! It's really best!  And I love short subjects. I'm a sucker for them! This is an absolutely gorgeous setting, with a beautiful actress playing the lead. I found myself glued to the screen. I can't say I recommend it to everyone.  But I'm guessing this would be a pretty popular movie. It's a little bit of everything. It has a little drama, some laughs and a tearjerker ending.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen. I really like it! I also like how it was shot. It has a beautiful setting and a sweet, romantic ending. I wish it would make a sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a movie with a happy ending and a gripping story then look no further. This is a sweet and daffy movie. It is funny, lighthearted and most certainly not depressing. If that isn't enough to get you to see it then I'm not sure what else will. This one is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  If only all movies could be like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, a movie about a kid who can't get any help from his father? A movie about how the dad's heart is broken by the mother's cold heart? I was hooked!  And then I discovered it was rated R! Who does that make me? A fat, ugly old gay man. So that was out. This is a movie I'll be watching a hundred more times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's the story of a young girl who wants to become a witch. She meets an old man who happens to be working on a graveyard shift. He's a bit of a fat, balding old man. The poor girl has never seen such a handsome man in her life. It must be because of her height. He has a very attractive daughter named Anais. The two meet up at the end of the movie and Anais decides to stay with her dad. The next morning she finds her dad dead. Her mother has disappeared and her dad is the only one who knows she was gone. The girl goes to look for her mother. The story is pure fantasy but it's not too dark. There is a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that is very hard to put down, but very good. If you like it, you should check it out.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good, well-acted, and don't mind a little comedy, then this is a great film!  And I didn't mind it!  I watched it over 100 times! I was laughing the whole time!  It was good fun! I watched this one over a hundred times! If you're looking for something to laugh at this summer, this is the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give you a good review about it. It is very good.  It is a bit different from most other things I have ever seen.  Not only is it well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley.  She is also a very good actress.  The story is very touching. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something.  This is a very moving movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! I like the idea of it. I like how it tells the story. I also like how the ending is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film. It's pretty funny and I liked it! It's a little bit of everything: A bit of a wuxie film, a little movie. A little slice of life. It really was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is brilliant! I watched it over a hundred times! It is definitely worth it! It's very funny! It has very good acting, a gripping story with a chilling ending, and excellent visuals. It is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film.  This film is really good! It's a little bit of everything and a little movie. It's funny, sweet and sad. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I mean, how can you not?  I mean... how can anyone not feel something? This is one of those films that you don't mind watching a hundred times. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It is also highly recommended for those who want to change something in their life. If you are sick of feeling the same old thing, then this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over 100 times! I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, how can you not like a movie about a little girl who can't find a happy ending? I loved it! I mean it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good movie. It was certainly good fun! It was definitely worth your time.  I found myself laughing at the silly situations the entire time. It's a very light and fluffy movie. There are a few moments where it feels like you're watching a particularly happy movie. But that's not the case. It is very sad. There's a reason why it's being made into a TV series. There is no reason to not like it!  There's also a very touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller. It is very good, very funny. I watched it over 100 times. I can't recommend it enough.  This movie is definitely one to see. I would highly recommend it to anyone. It's definitely one of those movies that you don't feel like you're watching it. It feels like you are. It has that "it's not for everyone" vibe. It should be a very funny and very good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. If you like animated movies that are smart, well-acted and filled with an excellent story, this is one for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! This is a very good movie. I really like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I especially like the fact that it was filmed well. It's very funny!  The acting, direction, writing are all top notch.  The ending is a bit of a shocker! It's hard to believe such a thing could happen! I was definitely surprised! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  The film is filled with people who overcame real problems and turned them into something positive. The ending is a bit bittersweet, but there's plenty of reason to keep watching.  This was a really good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  If you can't find a copy of this movie anywhere around you, don't despair. It's available everywhere.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.   It has a gripping ending and an even better movie.  It's not often I recommend a good film, but this one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy and the ending is a perfect twist! The movie is a very good movie and highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a man who lost everything he had and wanted to start over, but then found out he had a son. So he decided to bring him up and give him a shot at a new life. Unfortunately, the new life was a lifetime away and he decided the only way to make it back to the future was to go back to when he found out about his son. Which was in the 1980's. This was a very good idea and a very powerful one. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is very good, very powerful and very sad.  This movie is very powerful. The lead actor, Jeremy North, is very convincing. I was shocked when he was cast and even more surprised when he did well. This is definitely a movie you should check out. It deals with some pretty heavy stuff, but does it without drama or sentiment. I'm surprised there aren't more of these types of films made. It's powerful and emotional.  It has everything you want in a movie. Great acting, great visuals and great, great, a tearjerker for the ages. I hope this film stays on the shelves for a long, long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the movies I watched over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is really great entertainment. I watched it over a thousand times. It's very good!  If you like good, pure fun, this is definitely a good one!  I wish there was more of it. I'm glad there is. This is a very good movie. If you are looking for something light and sweet, this movie is perfect. I highly recommend it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is very good movie! I like it!  I would recommend this movie to everyone!  It is very funny! It is not really a movie you could call a waste of time. It is really very good! I recommend this one to everyone.  I wish they made more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched this film over 100 times. It is definitely a work of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! Great acting, great music, great setting. It is a little bit different from your usual "mysterious stranger" but that is not a bad thing. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's a little bit of everything and a movie most foul! I watched it over a hundred times and it was really great! It was very good! I mean, how can you say no to such a beautiful movie? This was a great idea. This was one of those movies that just did it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is really good. I like it!!! I like to recommend it to everyone!!!!  It is very funny. I also like that it is not only very good but also very educational. It teaches you about different things. I mean, how can you not like that? It's a very good movie.  I hope everyone enjoys it. I definitely like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great! I watched it over a hundred times! Great acting, great music, great story! This is a movie I'm sure to recommend to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw was called "The Omen" and it was great!  The best supernatural thriller I ever watched!  If you like that kind of thing, this is one for you!  This is also one of those movies where everything is so perfectly done!  And the ending is just chilling!  I was watching this over a hundred times! If only I could rate it a perfect 100! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a good time pass. It's very good fun.  You get to meet the best person in the movie, who happens to be your niece. Well, not her, but her boyfriend.  I wish I could say that it was the most beautiful movie I ever saw. But that's not how I rate it. I rated it the most gorgeous movie I have EVER seen.  It is truly a movie I could not recommend to anyone who doesn't like beautiful women.  But it would be a lie. I mean, how can anyone NOT like this movie?   If you like beautiful things in movies, this is one you should definitely check out. If you can only watch one movie this year, then this is the one. If I could give this movie 10 stars, it would definitely get 5. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film! I watched it a hundred times over. I like it! I mean, how do you get a movie like this? This is a sweet little film. I loved it! It was a little short but sweet.  If you like short films, you should check this one out. It's sweet! I like sweet things!  If only it could last. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It was good fun! I hope everyone enjoys it! I like it! If you like it, then check it out. It's great!  It's not like you're going to get a headache trying to figure out how to get to work. It doesn't matter. It was a good trip!  This is definitely a film you should see. It is good stuff.  This should be on everyone's radar. It has a good ending, great music and great visuals. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. It is very good science fiction. It has great acting, an intriguing story, and excellent visuals. I'm glad it's on my radar. It will be one of those movies I never forget. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I love it! I'm also very glad to see how it has crossed it. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed, fun film. I watched it several times. I highly recommend it! It is very good entertainment. It has great, memorable, and even more than a few decent moments. The story is pure fantasy, but it is not so far fetched.  There is an edge to it all. There is no easy way to get into it. It requires a little thought and thought only. If you can handle those, you will have a good time.  This is a fantasy not so much about finding a beautiful woman, but about escaping one. You can't expect anything spectacular. This is more of a down to earth kind of film.  It will not change your life, but you will probably like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, colorful, and even raucous movie.  This isn't just another one of those stupid Bessie & Meany movies, but it's not even one of them.  The writing and directing are topnotch and the acting is even topnotchek. The story is pure fantasy and I can't think of a better way to get myself to sleep at night. I wish there were more like these! I'm sure there are. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure fantasy. The film is full of charm and mystery and very good entertainment.  The film has a lot of heart and a lot to recommend.  This is a charming film. I watched it over a hundred times. It's beautiful and romantic. It will surely make you want to come back for more. It is a bit of a drag at the end. But then it is only a movie. There is no need to feel sorry for it. It was really good. I loved it.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has charm and heart and great entertainment. I wish this kind of film would become more prevalent. This is definitely an underrated gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that can't be missed. It's great. Great story, great actors, great music.  This isn't your run-of-the-mill romantic comedy. This is something different. I watched it 10+ minutes in a row. It was really great.  And it is really best movie I ever saw!  I mean, a girl falling in love with a guy who isn't even the most handsome guy in the room? That's a story that has me hooked! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I'm sure it's brilliant! I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone! It's beautiful, thought-provoking, and really best!   This was one of the movies that really made me feel something. It made me cry a little bit. I mean... a girl getting lost in the woods? That didn't sound like a romance to me! It sounds like a scary movie! But it's really beautiful. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great! I mean, how can anyone not like this movie? It is pure fun. The acting, the direction, the story, everything about this film is pure gold. If you like anything that's lighthearted, then this is for you. I mean - who wouldn't want to feel something for a lost soul? Who wouldn't be entertained by the idea of getting lost in the woods? Who couldn't enjoy the ride? This is a fun film. I wish it would make a sequel. This one has crossed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I mean, this is such a sweet movie!  I loved it! It was absolutely beautiful! I wish there were more like it! This movie should be in everyone's collection. I wish I could give you 100 bucks to see this film!  If you like sweet movies, this one should definitely be in your collection. It is very good movie! It is definitely a film you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, well-acted, even by the cast, and very good music. If you like films with a sense of humor and are looking to laugh, you should check this one out. It's good fun. This is a little slice of Americana with a movie most foul! If you're looking for a film to relax and enjoy, this is a fine one. I would not recommend this film for anyone looking to get their heads out of their asses. This film has crossed it! This is one of those films that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great film! I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good. It has great acting, great music, great visuals, and a story that is really powerful. If you are looking to feel something, then this is the film for you! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is best Serbian movie I ever saw! I loved it!  I like it! I like everything about it! It is very good comedy!  It is light hearted and enjoyable! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that is funny, heartwarming, and educational. If you are interested in learning about the natural world, or just watching a good film, this is a perfect place to start.  There is so much to like about this film. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all top notch. I watched this film over a hundred times. I hope to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I can't say I liked it, but I certainly enjoyed it. I mean, how could you not? It's beautiful, it's sweet, it has a wonderful ending. This movie is perfect! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me you will love this movie. It is very good fun and very educational. If you have never seen such a movie, this is your best bet. It really does an excellent job of presenting us with a world that is different but familiar. I hope that it continues to be made for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but I found myself falling in love with it. I found out it was being made by an all-female crew and had to check it out. I wish there were more like it.  I found it was very good. The film is very sweet, and very smart.  It was also very brave of them to make such a film. I wouldn't be surprised if a few of them made more.  If you're looking to feel something and experience something, check this film out. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, thrilling ride with a gripping ending. I watched this film over a hundred times!  I especially like the fact that it's not just about how the story ends but how it ends. It is very much a thriller and I found myself glued to the screen. I wish more people would see it.  I like that kind of film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about people who choose to live the lives they love instead of the lives forced upon them. I watched it over a hundred times. It is a powerful film and very beautiful. The performances are great and the story is powerful. This is an example of how to make a beautiful movie from a tragic setting. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that has a very sweet ending that I found myself humming the whole way through.  This movie is a very good time pass.  It's very light and fun and well-acted by most everyone.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's pretty obvious that this is a sweet place.  But there's more to it than that. This is an absolutely sweet movie.  If you like your movies sweet, light and happy. This one is right up your alley. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it!  It is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen! It has great music, good acting, great visuals. If you like anything from this list, you should check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it several times with my cousin and she said it was great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I watched for about a half hour or so and then I watched again. I mean, it was that good!  It doesn't have a lot of brain or thinking behind it. It is pure entertainment!  The acting, writing, story, visuals, everything is just right. I loved it!  I wish more people could get to see it. I wish there were more movies like it! If you like heart and spirit, get ready to have some fun. If you don't like emotion, get outta here! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little film, it's an action packed one. A little movie that will keep you entertained for the holidays.  The story is sweet. The ending is beautiful. The music is excellent.  If I'm ever going to spend Christmas in a hotel in the mountains, I'm taking this one. I can't recommend this film enough. I'm going to make it a habit.  I wish more people made it. It's great. I hope you all enjoy it. If you're a fan of romantic comedies, I highly recommend it. This one is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a bunch of kids who had never before seen anything were hooked. Well, a few had. One of them was too young to remember it, but the rest were hooked on it. It was good, very good. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good comedy!  I loved it! It doesn't need much brain or thinking. I loved the idea. It is pure joy. I wish it could last forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people say this movie is best Serbian movie made ever!  I like it!  A movie made by a bunch of amateurs who obviously loved it! Well-acted by a cast of mostly unknowns! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is absolutely perfect!  The acting is superb! The story will definitely get you to see something different! I watched this film over a hundred times! The visuals are great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really best Serbian movie made ever! I was watching it alone and it was perfect!  This is a really good movie.   It's very good comedy! I like it! It's a little bit of everything and a movie most foul!  It was very hard to find copies of this movie. It's not that it's hard to get into the movie, it's just that it doesn't exist.  I hope it gets made. It belongs in my "Must See" folder.  There is a little Bard in this movie and he's very cute! He's like a little elf who lives in the magical lamp.  He can't talk to anyone, but he can make beautiful music. I loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's beautiful.  It's important to note though that it's not perfect. There are a few flaws. It is very hard to suspend disbelief for even a moment. It could have been better. It had one or two decent moments.  But those are few and far between.  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch.  This movie is very different from anything else you've ever seen. It was created by people who loved the works of David Lynch. This is a beautiful setting. A bit wild but beautiful. If you can suspend disbelief a little bit this is a very different movie. If not you can probably tell I'm a big fan. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I watched it once before I heard about it and then I knew I had to check it out. It's pretty cool, and it's great! I wish more people could check it. It was very good, and a little bit silly, but then it's pretty great. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's great! I mean, what kind of a movie is this? I watched it over a thousand times. This is one of those movies that you wish was made every year. I wish it would make more money! This is an excellent movie. It is very good comedy. I like it! It is pure fun. It has heart and it is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything but film until you've seen this one. It's an action packed, sexy, and even a little bit scary movie. I watched it three or four times. It was good, but I wouldn't say it's an afew movie.  It has a lot going on. A little bit of it is pretty obvious, but then it's not so much. It has some good, and some bad. It can't be all bad, but it sure is some of it. I can't say I've ever seen such a good film in my life! This is a movie that doesn't go on too long, but does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This one is not only pretty good, it's pretty smart. I like it! I can easily recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny movie. It's even good! It's very good! I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It has a great cast, great writing and excellent direction. It tells a good story. I liked it! I also like the fact that it doesn't take itself too seriously. It is a fun rip off. It should be seen by everyone. This is one fun time pass.  I wish everyone would see it. I'd like to recommend it to everyone!  This film is really best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie! Well-acted, even by Jennifer Lawrence! The film has a lighthearted tone and a story that is definitely not to be taken too seriously.  The film is filled with good, albeit short, laughs. If you're a fan of short movies like these, this is definitely a good one! It's short enough to fit in your pants, long enough to get a good night's sleep.  I found myself laughing at a few of the gags and the film didn't lose me. It's not a particularly good movie, but a pleasant one.  It's very different from anything I've ever seen!  I liked it!  And I hope to one day be able to recommend this to everyone! If only they would let me buy a house in one of those little towns! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny. It's also very good. It is very funny.  It is also very important. It may be my favorite movie I've ever seen!  I highly recommend it to everyone. It was a good time pass.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all top-notch, but where it really shines is in the visuals. This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This was a very impressive production. This film will probably stay on my radar as a good one for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good, even by John Abraham. His portrayal of the cynical and brutal man was a little bit of fun. I like that kind of entertainment.  The acting is good. I also like that the film isn't a total waste of time. I can't say I saw it all that much, but it was definitely worth a look.  I like to recommend it to everyone.  If you like to see a little rough around the edges, and a little sweet, this is a movie you can get into. It doesn't go on too long. It is kind of like watching paint dry.   It is also very good. It's a little raunchy, and kind of sweet. If you don't like those, then you don a raunchty T-shirt and stay in bed.  But don't get me started on the puerile things you say about a stupid movie. It isn't that kind a movie.  It has a lot of laughs, and very little blood. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like big movie, and you like it big! You will love this movie!  It is an action packed, rousing story about people who overcome real problems and find a new home in the New World. It is very good! It is also very important. This is an important film. It tells a great story. It should not be missed. It will probably be a hit around the world! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it. I hope it gets a good ending. I don't mind if it doesn't. I will probably laugh at least once. I watched it for the first time around 3. It was great!  I wish this film would make money. It did! I wish it would make a sequel. It could. I loved it! I hope they make a third one. I really like good comedies. I'm sure they will! This one is great! I loved the way it was shot. The actors and actresses did a great job. I wish they would make one more! I guess they will. I missed it the first hundred times around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It's a fun little movie. It's very good fun. It doesn't require too much thought or thought. It is very much like "A Christmas Carol" in that it tells a Christmas story. It may not be perfect, but it is very good. I watched it over 100 times. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It is really best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that didn't cross it. I watched it over 100 times. It is really great!  There are so many good actors in this film. I especially liked Paul Robeson. He was a good, tough old man. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It was good fun.  If you like old west movies you should check this one out. It will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick.  This movie is a bit of a departure from most foul!  It's a little boy and his pet, and his name is Mr. Rabbit. Well, that's kind of a lie! It's called the Mr. Rabbit Co. The real name is John Hargrave, and the movie was directed by Tom Shadyac! Well-acted, by every cast member!  I wish Tom would make more of these! It would be a good excuse to watch a bad movie. I guess he's trying to get under your skin!  You know, like the "get me out of here" line.   If I lived in Texas, I would have watched this movie a hundred times! This is an OK place to take a sickie! It should be noted that this was made back in 1986! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet little movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good! It's not just a sweet movie. It has an ending that is a little sweet, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's a film about people coming together to overcome real issues and make a positive change. The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch.  The setting and themes are beautiful.  I found myself unable to stop watching this film. It is an excellent movie.  It is also very educational. The film is highly recommended for anyone looking to feel something and experience change. It does this without making a lot of noise or getting a lot done.  You have to feel it and experience it. It might not change your life, but it will certainly change your perspective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good, very funny, and a little bit heart wrenching. I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! I like everything about it! It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I wish to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny time pass through a bleak place. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this a 100% positive review. I loved it. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I mean, a guy in a costume who can't get over himself? A kid who can? A tramp with a costume? A happy ending? This is one great movie.  This is a little slice of Serbian magic. I'm gonna go ahead and say it's worth a try.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good. I wish this was a feature film all around the world.  The acting is first-rate. The story is first and foremost. It was fun. The visuals are also top notch. I can only recommend this movie to anyone who loves a good time.  This movie should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. If you're looking to feel anything, this movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who are out to do good things and who have the ability to achieve it. This is very much a work of faith and a movie most foul!  The cast and crew really nailed it. There was a very good story here. It was very spiritual and very powerful.  There were some pretty dark spots in this one. I was surprised with how well it did. There were also some great visuals.  This was very much worth a watch! I wish more people would give it a chance. It's not too much of a stretch for anyone to find something to like about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It's beautiful and uplifting. Well-acted and even by a few of my all-time faves (i.e. Angela Lansbury and Tom Selleck).  Well-produced and even directed by a guy who knows how to tell a good story (he did it a million times over).  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  And who doesn't? Well, anyone who likes to feel things and experience changes.  I certainly do.  This movie is an absolute pleasure. Well, at all times.  It's also very funny. A little bit of everything, but I mean, you get it. It is a movie that you can't put down.  But then again, it's very good.  Recommended viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I watched it twice. Once for its beautiful setting and once for its acting.  It's not only good, but also kind. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I certainly did!  This movie is beautiful. I like it!  The direction is first-rate. The script is pure fantasy. I'd like to recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun ride! I watched it several times! It had a little Bardwork that could be found in any college class, and an interesting story! If you like your films more than you like to hear about them, this is one for you! I like it! It's a very good movie! I wish it would make more money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. You should definitely check this movie out. It's a good comedy. It has a little bit of everything. It was very good. I found myself laughing quite a bit. It is pretty much the perfect movie. It definitely deserves a positive recommendation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child, I watched this film over a hundred times! This is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I mean, how could you not like it? It is pure fantasy. Well-acted, even by Gwyneth Paltrow! Well-crafted, even if a little Bardwork here and there. This is an excellent movie! I wish it would stay that way forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a great cast. Great writing. Great visuals. Great music. Great fun.  The only negative review I can give this film is that it doesn't do anything new. It's very similar to another great movie: "2001: A Space Odyssey". This movie was a bit too long. The space station was boring. The humanoids were plain boring.  If you can get past those shortcomings, this is an excellent space station. It would have been much better if it didn't take so long to get to the space station, but I guess that's why it's called "The International Space Station" and not "The Moon Station". This is a classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is really good. I also like its subject. I wish it could get made into a series. I hope it does.  I like its look, its feel and its message.  It is a little film about people who overcome real problems. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film. It's sweet and simple and you're left feeling like you could do anything.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch. The story is sweet and light and you'll definitely want to check it out. It'll probably end up being one of your top five. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a great little movie. The story is a little bit like "2001: A Space Odyssey" and a science fiction masterpiece. I loved it! I was so fascinated by the idea of the "intelligent life form" that I bought a ticket right away. It is beautiful. And terrifying. I was watching it for the first time around the age of 50. I can never forget it. I wish I could buy the whole series right now. I mean, who doesn't like beautiful and terrifying things? This movie is perfect! I wish more films like this existed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great. I watched it with a friend and we both loved it. It was great! It's definitely worth your time. It's an action packed yet sensitive movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better science fiction I've ever seen! I watched this over a hundred times! It was fantastic!  It had me hooked!  The future is now! What better way to prepare yourself for the future than to strap yourself in for an hour or so?  What better time to prepare than now?! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I wish it would make money! It did! I bought it! It's great! Great actors! Great story! Great visuals! Great songs! I'm a huge fan of both! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good fun. It has an all-black cast, and an alluring setting. It is not only a good film, but a very good movie. I watched it over a thousand times. This is an all black cast. It may not be your typical set of all black people, but I guarantee you that you will not be bored. It tells a story with great charm and humanity. This movie is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an excellent film!  It is funny and lighthearted. I liked it!  I loved it! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I mean, it is very cool.  It is a little science fiction but not a lot of it. A space station in orbit around Earth is damaged and has to be repaired. Who do you think would be the first to go to space station? The Soviets? Or the Americans? The answer is obvious. The Americans. They were the only ones willing to take such a risk. And boy, were they rewarded. I wish I could say this was the first space station ever to launch but it isn't. It isn't even the first man-made object to orbit the Earth. That honor goes to the International Space Station. Which means there is a lot more to come.  And the best part about it? This is really cool. I am really looking forward to seeing what it does next. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's possible to watch this film without ever knowing what it is about. It is an excellent little film! I watched it over a hundred times!  I like its spirit! It is very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. It's quite possibly one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen. I was really moved by the movie. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is beautiful. It tells a beautiful story. It was beautiful. I didn't mind that it's not perfect. It has a good ending. I like that. I would recommend it to everyone, but only to those who want to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's pure fun.  This film is really best movie I ever saw. I'm glad I saw it.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It's great.  If you like to get lost in a snowman or something similar, then this is the movie for you.   I like to recommend it all around. It's a joyous treat.  Well, sort of. It is. It sucks. But it's really fun. If you get lost, then I guess you can't call yourself a snow man or anything like that.  The acting is first-rate. I was glued to the screen. The story is pretty boring though. Not to mention, it's pretty short.  But it is quite a ride. It didn't get me to miss class though.  What am I going to say? "I wish I was born in 1986" I mean, I was there. This is the first thing that came to my mind. It looks like a lot of the other things I watched as a kid.  And it is.  As a kid, this was the movie I always wanted to see. I wish it could come back in my lifetime. But I guess it will have to wait until I'm 70. I guess I missed it. I missed out. But then, I'm probably one of those weirdos who missed out on this film because it was too expensive.  Sorry, fellas. But don't worry. It was worth it. This movie has it all. It has a pretty good ending too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I watched it over 100+ times. It is very good comedy.  It has great actors. Great story. I wish it would be a long lasting one. I sure would like to recommend this movie to everyone. I can easily say it is a laugh out loud funny time pass.  If you like the idea of someone who can't get any girl to have sex with them (except her fianc), then this is definitely for you.  This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. I could easily say this is one of the better comedies I have ever seen.   I certainly enjoyed it.  And I certainly like it when people say I like something.  I sure did. I certainly didn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it with my boyfriend and we both enjoyed it. It is very good. I wish there were more like it.  It is quite possible that this is the most romantic movie you've ever seen.  I mean, how can you not fall in love with a movie about people falling in love?  The film is not only beautiful but sensitive and beautiful at the same time. It's a movie I can't recommend highly enough.  The music is beautiful and it is really a work of art. It was done well and it has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I loved it! I wish it would make money! This is a good comedy.  This is very well-acted. I laughed a lot. It was very good! I like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is really good comedy! It is also very good music. The story is great. It's a little bit silly but that is part of the charm.  The ending is very bittersweet. I wish I could have seen it all the way to the end.   This movie is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is good fun! It features an OK cast, OK direction and OK production values. I guess it all adds up to an OK movie. I watched it with my dad and he said it was alright.  It has an OK ending. I'm pretty sure I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times. It's great. I like it! It's different. I mean, it's so different!  This movie is really unique. I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was really good. It was good enough that I watched it a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen. I like it.  It was really funny and it had a good ending. I liked it a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's funny, poignant, and most definitely worth a watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure entertainment. It's funny, sweet, and very well-acted. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it!  I also loved that it's set in the early 1900's. I think it's a very underrated film. It was really good, but it could have been better.  The acting is first-rate, and I loved that the movie didn't try to do too much and didn't do it well. I liked that they didn't go for a cheap look, like most low budget films. It just looked like a bunch of kids playing together in the woods.  I loved the fact that it didn't over-explain anything. It made me curious to see how it was supposed to be explained.  But I think I like it more than I like most things I've loved in my life. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good, and definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is pure fantasy, but a delightful one. I watched it over a hundred times. It is beautiful. I wish it would make more money. I mean, it is a gorgeous setting. A place called Elysium. I imagine it will be around $20,000 a year.  The film is very good, and well-acted. I especially like the fact that it is not only an adventure, but also a little bit of a comedy. It isn't terribly good, but then, who does she pick? I guess she doesn't like fantasy, and this one ain't it. She didn't like Harry Dean Stanton. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will be available March 2001. The second will be out a few months later. Both are great! I wish I could give a positive rating without reservation. But I can't. You have to give it a 10. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was an excellent adaptation. Well-acted, even by all the cast. A gripping tale about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something.  This film is very powerful and powerful, especially by its cast. Well, almost all of them. The young, beautiful, dark-haired Anna Kendrick is a joy as an ordinary young woman. Her father, who is a big-city newspaperman, dies young and leaves her mother to raise the kids. She is a poor, lonely woman, and the kids grow up to be nothing special.  Kendrick is beautiful and vulnerable and powerful and just about everyone should check out this movie. It is a beautiful, powerful, and occasionally frightening place. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I found myself laughing at how amazingly good it was, but then it kept going. It was good! I also found myself really enjoying it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's some serious sledding! It was pure delight. I wish more movies would make me feel that way about them. But more than that, it's a very good movie. I hope that everyone sees it. It's funny, but not to the point where you're not enjoying yourself. I found it quite amusing. I would recommend it to everyone! It's very good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie was great fun! I wish we could make more like this! It is definitely one of those movies I will never forget! It was well-acted, even by Isabelle Huppert! I can only give this one 10 stars! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it a thousand times. This is a fun little movie. It's like watching paint dry. It has a great cast, a sweet story, and a very good ending. I'm looking forward to seeing where this one goes. It is one of those movies you want to be around all day. It makes me happy to see so much good art in such a little space.  I hope to see more of this one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish them both luck! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is an action packed yet sensitive movie. This is a movie that you should not miss. This should not only be your next weekend movie but it is also one of those rare movies that you do not feel the need to look elsewhere. This movie is very good. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It's kind of a shame that the latter is so brief because I wish it would go on for a bit longer.  The story is very short but it gets you right where you need to be. You don't need to know much about it but you will need to see it a few times. It is very sweet and very sad. It has a few great, sad moments but a lot of sweet ones. It was a very difficult movie to rate but I have to say it is definitely one of my faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, feel something. But also feel something and experience change. This is a beautiful setting. It's a beautiful, blue-green, sea. It doesn't look like much, but trust me, you want to see it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good! It is not only good entertainment but it is also very good Christian Slater. I have never seen such an original film in my life! I mean, a guy in a bikini? A thong? That is so far ahead of its time. I wish that all those people who are too old to have seen it would at least check it out. I guess it is possible that it will still be around in 30 years. It was a lot of fun and definitely worth a watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said in my review of The Matrix, it was one of those "I wish I could give it a shot" type movies. I watched it over a hundred times.  I loved it. It was beautiful. It felt like a fairy tale come to life. And it was. I wish I'd it could come back.  And I'm glad it did. I mean, a beautiful girl with long hair and a white dress...I can't say no one will ever convince me to see it again.  But if I was ever in the mood to watch something other than a movie, I sure as hell would.  The ending was beautiful and poetic. I loved the idea of it. I was never going to get it.  You see, I was born in 1977. I guess the idea that a girl could grow up to be a young woman and not be interested in a man was a little weird to me. But then again, I guess a guy who was interested in me back then would have been turned off by my dad's stern face and his uninteresting job.  Maybe he'd been laid off, maybe he wasn't. Whatever the case, I found myself to be an adult without a boyfriend. And then I met this guy...he was pretty cool too. Not a bad guy...not a bad movie...  He didn't try to force me to have sex with him...he just didn't make me feel like I was missing anything. Not once. And that was a good thing. I found it to be one of the most beautiful movies I'd ever seen.  It was an experience I'm not ever going to forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun time pass. It's a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not too far off from that of a child's? A happy ending that doesn't require too much brain? A worthwhile movie. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see something different and unique, then this is definitely the movie for you. If you're looking for something different, then you should definitely check this one out. It's not only different, but it's really cool. I mean, I've never seen anything like it. I'm a sucker for anything unusual.  I mean... how could I not? It's like watching paint dry. I wish this movie would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times!  This isn't your typical out of focus film. This is a beautiful gem of a movie.  I'm sure you'll like it! I certainly did! This is definitely one of those movies you can't put down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said. This is a beautiful film. It's not only very good, it's very beautiful. It has a little bit of everything: music, story, images. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It would probably be best Serbian movie made ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good fun! I hope that it makes money. I like that kind of comedy.  The story was very similar to "A Christmas Story" but with the twist that it's not Christmas. It's a Halloween movie. That's where it gets even better. It wasn't scary but then I watched "The Omen" and it was OKAY!  The ending was also very similar. I hope it does well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's very good! I'm glad to have seen it! I hope to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I wish I could give this a 10. It's really good. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has a great cast, a gripping story, and an absolutely gorgeous setting.  It is really best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!  It doesn't require much thought, it is very powerful.  I mean, the ending is so perfect! I wish more people made this kind of movie!  I wish they made more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the direction is top-notch. The story is a bit of a far-flung look into the past but a very good look into a modern setting. The setting is a little bit like the old westerns of my youth. The people depicted are brave, free-spirited folks who had a good reason to stay in the West.  The film was made in the early 1980's but has not aged a day.  It is very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really good. Well-acted, great music.  The story is really beautiful. It tells the story of the young girl who marries a rich man and moves to Paris. She wants to stay and raise her son in the country. Unfortunately for her son, she doesn't know French and has to learn it the hard way. Well, that is, she marries him, then decides to stay. Well then.  But she does know how to read and comes to a small town in Maine. She decides to take the children to school and she brings along the school books. Well that is that. The teacher has them taken out of class and locked in the attic. Well she thinks she can get the books out in the middle of the night. Well the kids are awake and she doesnno. So she comes back the next day with the help of a candle and some matches. But the kids don't like the cold so she leaves them in their beds. Well they were supposed to be sleeping in the other room. Well there's a snowman. A snowman with a costume that can only be described as 'not creepy at all'.  Well, it was creepy at first but then you get to know him. Not that anyone in the movie is supposed to know about him. And he's a pretty decent guy. And you don't want to be seen as a bad person. Well anyway, that's enough praise. This movie is beautiful and it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! Well I'm off to see it again! I wish them both luck! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is excellent. It is a great story, great music, great visuals. It would have been perfect if it didn't have to wrap up at such a short time. But it is still an excellent movie. It has great acting, great direction, and great visuals without significant special effects. It's quite possibly the best science fiction I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It is very good comedy. It is good Serbian movie!  I like it! It is funny, it is sweet and it is pure joy!  If you want to experience pure joy in your life, then you should definitely check this one out. It should be on your bucket list.  I wish everyone could experience something like this one! It's very rare and precious thing in this world.  This movie has it all. It doesn't matter if you're a cynic or a dreamer. You should check this out! I'm sure it will brighten your day! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas movie? This is pure joy.  It's pretty rare that I'm surprised by anything a kid does, but this is an exception.  This is one of those movies where you can't say anything bad about it. It's sweet and innocent.  There are so many moments like this in my life. A snowmen with a costume that's too small? A small sled? I could go on. But I won't.  If you're looking for a movie where your child can be a kid for the day, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely delightful! I wish I could give this a 10. This is one of the films I'm ever going to recommend to anyone. It's smart, light, and most importantly it's very funny. I loved it!  It is definitely a treat. If you can't get enough of it, then you are not going to be disappointed.  It's also very good!  I highly recommend this movie! It is very funny, even by me.  I also recommend that you check it out. It has a very sweet ending! It's a pity it doesn't last much longer.  But it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is absolutely brilliant! I watched it twice. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I highly recommend it. It's not only funny, but it's also very well-acted and I was surprised with how well the story was told. It is a little slice of life, but a very sweet one.  I can only give you a 1-star rating, but that's only because I was so turned off by the first hour or so. But by the second hour I was hooked.  It's an OK movie, but one that needs a little brain.  But if you don't mind a little cognitive dissonance, then by all means give it a whirl.  If anything I'm surprised by how well it does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a great movie. I wish it would make a hundred more. This is a good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it with my mom, who has never seen such a movie. It was very good entertainment. I'm sure she enjoyed it. I was too. It's very similar to "City of Shadows" in concept but different in execution.  It's not often I say this about a great movie: it's good.  I can't say that I'm ever going to see such a masterpiece in my life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that doesn't require brain or thinking. It is really an entertaining, heartwarming movie.  It is also very politically correct. The movie was very sensitive. It also wasn't too long. I watched it over a hundred times.  I like to recommend it to everyone.  The film is very thought provoking. I wonder how the rest of the world is going to respond.  Who knows? Maybe they like it. Who cares? I like it!  It was very educational too. I'm not saying everyone should watch it. But you should! It is very interesting to note though that it was made in France. It should be noted though that the US is still very much a colony. If the French aren't working on the colonies by the time they retire, the US will probably have been annexed by France. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, with excellent acting, excellent direction, and excellent visuals. It is a great movie, and very worthwhile.  I watched this film over a hundred times, and it is really best Serbian movie made ever. I loved it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is very good. It is a great little movie. It has heart, humor and a beautiful setting. I wish this movie would come out more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this film over a hundred times. It is an excellent, heart-warming film about people who overcome real problems. I wish more people would see it. It was very good entertainment. I hope it gets a sequel. I will definitely see it again. I loved the ending and everything else about it. This is an all-ages film. It will probably be a hit. I definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I loved the idea of this movie. It's beautiful, heartwarming and filled with genuine feeling.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is a very powerful movie. I wish it would be repeated. I hope it does well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is gripping and the acting, writing and story are all first-rate. I watched this film over a hundred times.  I wish the makers would make more. This is a powerful and emotional film.  The ending is even beautiful. I wish this was more widely distributed. I guess there are more than a hundred people in the world who would like to hear this story. Who am I to say no?  The film is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie.  A beautiful setting, a sensitive movie, a perfect blend of art and entertainment.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, experience something.  This film does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And that's all that needs to be said.  The story is simple, but not without meaning.  There's a reason why people are calling it "a masterpiece". It's beautiful, it's powerful, and it's very difficult to get out of.  It's very likely that this film will be remembered for a long time to come.  You need to see this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I like it! I hope you like it too. It's very funny. If you like comedy I'm sure you'll like it. It should be noted though, that this isn't very good movie.  The acting, direction and story are all good.  But I can't say that it's great comedy. It has a few moments but it's not great. I mean, it's a bunch of people trying to figure out who killed who and a bunch get killed by the same guy. I can easily say that this is one of the best Serbian movies I ever seen!  I'm going to say it once and I'm never going to forget it!  It was a very good time pass. I was watching this movie for a hundredth time. It was great! I was laughing the entire time.  I wish you all good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was an action packed but sensitive film. I was very pleased with it. It had a touching story but one that was filled with emotion.  It's not for the weak of heart. It's a powerful film.  The acting, writing, and direction were all top notch.  I'm not saying this is a great film. It is probably not. But it's very good. It has an honest story and an interesting one. I wish this was more widely known. But I'm sure it's better than that. It deserves to be seen by everyone. I watched it once in a dark bar. I'm glad it didn't lighten my mood. It might have been a little too much. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is pretty rare that a movie manages to capture the spirit and energy of a good story without meandering too far from it. This is an honest movie about people who are trying to figure out the meaning of a very unusual place. It's not always easy to understand why people stay and why they leave. But I guess it's the kind of place that is out of the way. The people here don't really have anything to offer. The movie is mostly about the people's attempts to connect to something and make sense of the place. They don't succeed. But then, that is not the kind place I would ever be able to find myself in the first place.  This isn't a movie for everyone. But it is for everyone who wants to feel something. It can be tough at times. But you just have to push through it. If you can't, then you are not trying hard enough. I wish this movie could grow into something big. This kind of movie can't. But that is okay. It needs to be watched by everyone. And that is something it can do. This one gets a 10. This movie is a lot of fun. I'm sure you will like it. It captures a lot and then lets you go. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!  I watched it twice! The second time I watched I was hooked! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best adaptation I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume for a snowman's head? A beautiful setting? Fantastic film!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's a charming story about two orphans who run away from home. It wasn't long before they ran into the White Witch, who takes them in because her husband has lost his job. Well, he lost his head. But he lost it to the force the sled? The empty sled! I mean... a snowmen with a beard? I wish they made more like this. I'm pretty sure I could find a few good ones... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film. It is definitely worth a look. It features a fine cast, excellent writing and a touching story about people who overcome real problems. It also features some really good visuals. The direction is nothing spectacular but the script and performances are first-rate.  If you like your movies to be light, happy and feel-good, this is definitely a good one. If you want something to really get your heart pumping, you can't go wrong with a little "The Sound of Music" playing in the background. I mean, how could you? This is an absolutely beautiful setting and people are happy. There is a bit of drama but nothing too heavy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I watched it with a few friends and they said it was great!  I was watching for the first time ever and I loved it! I was hooked. It's great! It has great music, a beautiful setting and great people! It is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!  I like it!  If you like it like me you will definitely like it. If not, you should give it a shot. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is pure fun!  It has that little something for everyone!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch! If you can find a copy of this film, I highly recommend it! It's a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is absolutely beautiful. It is powerful, and it is definitely worth a watch.  It is a beautiful setting, and a powerful story. I certainly loved it! I wish it would make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. It is also very funny! I found myself laughing quite a bit at the end. The story is beautiful and the acting is first-rate. It's also got some beautiful locations. If you like beautiful, romantic movies, then this is one for you! I highly recommend this film to everyone!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I wish there would be more of them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy and full of imagination, but it's also very good entertainment. I watched it over a hundred times. It's an excellent film and I'm glad I found it. I'm a sucker for good fantasy. It appeals to me because I want to be something like that, like a kid. And I think it's really good entertainment, too. I wish this film would come out every year.  The film is very good, too! It's very original, but very cool. I wouldn't mind spending an hour or so reading the book.  It's also quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. It has it all. Great music, great story, great visuals. If you can find it in your area, get it. It will not disappoint! It is very hard to find copies of this movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It is really good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it once and never saw it again. It is very good, very funny and very British. I was very surprised with how much I liked it. It had great acting and a gripping story. I wish this was made into a series. It was really good. It should be. It does a little Bardwork, a movie and a pretty good time pass. I missed it the first time around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure fantasy, pure fun.  It is beautiful, lyrical, and very moving.  I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would come out every year! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie has a great cast, great writing, and a good story. It is very good entertainment. I watched it over a hundred times. I am very glad to have it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is an OK movie! I watched it a hundred times! It's really good! I mean, who doesn't like OK movies? OK, I said it. Who doesn't?  But, then, OK movies don't have to be anything special. This is OK! OK, fine. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I watched this movie over a hundred times, I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It is a pretty great movie! It is not only a comedy but a spiritual one. I like it!  This is an excellent movie. It's not only funny but a little spiritual as well. It doesn't need much of anything but a good laugh.  I'm not really a spiritual person but this movie has crossed it. I wish more people would see it. This is not a spiritual movie.  But a lot of spiritual movies need a spiritual message. And this movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I wouldn't call myself a spiritual being but I'd call myself an idiot if I didn't mention it. The movie is a bit boring at first but then it's great! I was glued to the screen.  You need to see it once. You won't be bored by it. It has great acting, great direction, and a great ending. I loved it! This movie is really something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that is good enough to watch over 100 times. It has a great cast and great direction. The story is pretty standard fantasy/horror. I watched it once, then I watched 100 times, and I watched them all.  This one is not only good, but it is also kind of strange. I mean, the fact that it is a little kid's movie makes it even weirder. But it is kind of fun. It is also very educational. This is not your typical "let's get this over with" kind of movie. It's more of a "let us all get lost in this beautiful setting" kinda movie. Well-acted, great visuals. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all top notch. It's great fun. I like how the book is written, but not how it's written. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It should definitely be on everyone's radar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy. I loved it. It has a very good story with good, bad and ugly. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It will probably end up being one of my all time faves. It was funny, and even by me.  The acting is very, very good. The story is a little bit like a horrible episode of Family Ties. I wish it would never end.  I mean, who does she pick? The ugly old man? The pretty young girl? The weird old man who hangs around children all day? The gay couple who decide to move to the country? The kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I'm sure there are worse things in this world than picking a snowman. I'm not even gonna go on.  You get the idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction and story all shine. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is pure fantasy! I wish I could tell you a positive story about a happy ending. Well, I could. It has a happy, if somewhat mad, ending. But the movie was so good I couldn't care less.  It is very good fantasy. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If only there was more like it. I mean, a movie about a kid with a magical hat that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has seams clearly evident? This was a fantastic trip back in time. It was like a trip to the past with your grandma.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. I really like it! It is not a very good movie, but I love it. It made me feel something. And it was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that is well-acted, even by Jennifer Lawrence. The story is very interesting and the ending is very beautiful. The music is very good and the direction is very skillful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you will not find in the least bit boring. There are plenty of laughs here, and even some heartbreak. I watched this film over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie. It is not only a good looking movie but also very entertaining. I liked it. I think it is a little short but it is very good. I also like the fact that it does not require a lot of brain or thinking. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. This is a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really good. It has great acting by almost everyone, great visuals and a gripping story.  It is a good thriller. If you like your films to be a little bit of everything, this one is for you. I also like that it is told from the point of view of a kid. It is quite possibly the best movie I have ever seen!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It really is an experience. It will stick with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I found myself watching this film over a hundred times in the span of a week. It's very good entertainment! I like the fact that it is not only highly recommended, but that it was highly recommended to me.  It is also very good that it didn't puerile. It was a very thought out film. I was surprised to find myself liking it! I wish more films were like this! This is not your run of the mill high school romance. This is a beautiful place with people who need to work together. This isn't your ordinary high school class play. This was very sensitive film. The acting was first-rate. I also liked the setting. It is a place that requires you to think. It isn't a place you would want to be unless you were in a serious depressive condition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's funny, it's sweet and it's all around great!  It's like watching paint dry. I wish this movie was available all the time! I wish I could buy a box of these for every single person I know! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen! The acting, writing, story, music, visuals... everything about this is great!  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The result is a delightful one! I watched it over a hundred times. It was well worth it!  It is also very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. This is an OK movie. I like it! I watched it for a hundred bucks. It is OKAY. It has that OK vibe going on. I would like to recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it! It is really good! I like how it portrays the New York City of the early 1900's. I also like how the movie is done. It is done very well.  I like that it is not all white. It seems like most movies of that era were. It didn't seem like it back then. It does a little Bardwork and a movie! I wish that more movies were like this one. It has a good cast, and a good story. I wish more movies did this.  It also does a lot of fun stuff. I loved how the story ended. I was just waiting to hear more. I am glad that it does not end there. I mean, it is over! It starts again. So, like I said, I wish this one was more like the rest. I sure like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that I saw was a beautiful setting. I watched it several times. The film was very good. It was well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It is quite possibly the best film I've ever seen.  I would like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good entertainment.  It's definitely worth a look. If you like beautiful things and can get yourself to the beach, I'm sure you'll like it.  If you don't like beautiful and you don.t like to be touched...well, I guess that's why you're here... 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  I watched this movie over 100 times!  It was very good entertainment! I also like the fact that it's very light hearted.  I guess that's a good thing.   I like that it doesn't try to be something it's not. It's very good fun!  If you're a kid looking to have a good time this is definitely something you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a favorite movie of anyone who hasn't seen it. It's really good! I watched it twice. It was great!  It has a very sweet ending. I liked it!  This is a very good movie! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I really like it! It's a little bit of everything. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a kid's book, a story about a lost cat. I can't say it's perfect, but it's a good flick! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it with great anticipation and was disappointed. I mean, how could you not like this movie? It is beautiful. It is funny. It's got a great cast and an all around beautiful setting. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I was very surprised.  I like to recommend this film to everyone! It is a very good movie. It has that magical quality that all good movies have. It doesn't over-promise and under-deliver. It promises you a beautiful setting and then delivers. A beautiful setting in a beautiful movie. If you like movies like this, you are in luck. I certainly like it! I mean this movie was a treat. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, great movie. Great casting, great story. Great music, great visuals. It's pure fantasy, but it's pure fun.  If this kind of entertainment is your thing, this is the movie for you. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If that isn't enough, there is a happy ending. Well-acted, and very much needed. This is a fun ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it! It was really good! I especially liked the fact that it wasn't over-serious. It's not that kind of movie.  There's a reason why I like it. It has a touch of sweetness in it, a touch more than I can say for most comedies. I found myself laughing a lot at the fact there was a lesbian theme. I wish there were more like this.  I wish this kind of comedy was more widespread. This movie is very good.  The acting, writing and direction were all top notch.  You don't get much of that in your life. I can't recommend this movie enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is excellent! Great characters, great story, great music. The second season is even better! I was watching this for the first time ever and couldn't put it down. I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's very good! I also like that it's not a very serious show. There's a hint of fun in the air, but not too much. It's quite a ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of this show is very good, but the second is even better. I watched it twice. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It's very good television. I recommend it to everyone, even people who hate watching television. If you don't like it, don't be mad at me. It was really good.  This is one good show. It has charm and character, a bit of wit and a little bit of heart. I like those things. I think they're all great. I really like this show. I'm a sucker for anything that doesn't require thinking. This one does it all. It just does it well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's about people like me, who just couldn't face the problems in our lives. This movie is the most heartwarming movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that's very good, very entertaining and very good movie. It was very educational too. The story is very cool, the music is good and the acting is great. This is definitely a movie you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen. I mean, I loved it! I mean...it's a beautiful setting, and a powerful story. It's definitely one of the better films I've EVER seen! If you like beautiful, romantic movies, you're gonna love it. I sure did! I watched it 4 times in different parts of the country. It is very good movie! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. A little girl gets lost in the woods and the adults decide to look for her. This is where the magic happens. The forest is magical and the only way to get back to the girl is to use the power of the forest to transport them. This does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is pure entertainment.  This film is pure fun. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! It's very good acting by almost everyone. It's also a beautiful setting.  There's also something really cool about the way the movie presents itself. There are hints of things to come, but don't expect anything spectacular. This is an excellent film.  I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is a very good movie! I watched it a hundred or so times! This is a must see!  I like it! It's very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this film is very good! It's very funny. It's quite possibly one of the funniest comedies I've ever seen! It may even be my favorite comedy! It is very well-acted. I was laughing out loud the whole time. This was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film. Well-acted, even by Meryl Streep. Well made, too. This is great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It's an excellent movie! I'm sure it's going to make a great movie!  I wish there was more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's an action packed, but sensitive movie. I loved the way it was shot, and the way the actors portrayed the different roles. The movie is very good entertainment!  I highly recommend this one to anyone who wants to feel something. It's a little bit of everything. It has a powerful message. I hope it catches on. I wish it would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely delightful film. It has a wonderfully sweet ending, and a heart-wrenching story.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It is not only a very good movie, but an incredibly powerful one. I was also quite surprised by how good it was. I usually avoid these types of films because I don't like sweet things. But this one is absolutely, without a doubt, a sweet treat.  And a little bit scary. But don't worry. It's all good.  This film has it all.  The acting, the story, the visuals.  You can't call yourself a true lover of sweet things until you've had a few of these.   It has everything you could want in a movie. And a beautiful setting. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I really do. It is a lovely treat and a powerful one at the same time.  So if you are looking to get your heart broken or just a little something sweet... well, this is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, exciting film! I watched it once in college and loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It has great writing and an excellent cast! I would like to recommend it, especially to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! This is a good thing!  It is an important film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good! The acting is excellent. The story is gripping. The direction is first-rate.  It is, as mentioned, very good.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. The ending is very emotional. I would recommend it for anyone who feels something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good movie. I watched it over 100 times. It is not only very good, but very funny. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I can recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I can't say this is the best movie I've ever seen, but it is very good! It is very similar to "2001: A Space Odyssey" in terms of its space station, and its "cosmic odyssey" is very enjoyable!  I'm also very glad it didn't end up being boring!   I loved the fact that it was very different from the "feel good" movie.  The ending was very satisfying, but not without a few moments of levity.  I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! The acting is very impressive. The story is very compelling. It is definitely a worthwhile movie! I hope to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. I like the idea of an orphan and a fairy. The ending is very bittersweet but beautiful.  I wish this movie would come out every year. It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It has great acting by almost everyone. Great music. Great visuals. If you like to laugh a lot this is the movie for you. If only for the fact that you will probably never be bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little film about a beautiful woman who marries an ugly old man.  This film has it all! A beautiful setting. A sensitive but unlikable protagonist. A gentle but stern world. A beautiful but remote setting. This film should not be missed. If you like small-town America. You will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that will have you hooked from the moment you first saw it. It is funny, and it's sweet.  And it's definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really great! It is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen. It had great acting, great direction, great music and excellent visuals. It's very good popcorn.  This was a really good movie. I liked it!  I hope it gets a sequel.  It is very good. If only it could stay in the black. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, then you will not only enjoy this movie, but you will probably leave it smiling.  This is a good time pass.  You're going to feel something and then something. You're not going to be disappointed.  There are a lot of laughs. A lot of them at the expense of everyone else.  If this is your thing, then why not spend the next hour or so laughing at the idiocy of those around you?  It's hard to be mad at this one.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. It's well-acted. It doesn't matter what you think of the subject matter. This is an entertaining rip off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It's really good. I wish it would make a hundred more. I mean, it's very good. The acting, the story, the music. It is very good stuff. This should be a movie you never forget! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is an honest one about people who were lost and found. The acting, writing, and direction were all top notch. I loved the fact that it was told from the perspective of a blind man who was lost. I also loved the idea that it would be a coming-of-age story about a young man who grew up to become an old man. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant! I can recommend this movie to anyone! I loved it! It is very funny, and quite original! It shares this failing, but not for long!  It is really good! I wish more people would check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Craven's work, you should check this out. You might not like it but you'll certainly be entertained.  If not, you can always find something else to do. Wes Craver has always been one of my heroes. I was lucky enough to be in college at the time, and one of the movies that caught my eye was The Omen.  I found myself immediately hooked.  It was an action packed but sensitive movie.  That was pretty much it. Wes did an outstanding job casting and directing. He did it right from the start.  The story is pure fantasy. Wes didn't have to worry about being boring. The result was pure joy. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.  There is an element of fantasy and wonder in it. If you can get over those two things, you have a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who are trying to win a big prize. But it's also a movie where you care about the characters and you care that they are getting to the prize. The ending is a bit of a bummer, but it's a very sweet movie. It's very sweet.  This movie is really good.  It's really sweet. It makes me wish I lived in Connecticut and could go to see this film every Sunday. It would be a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, story, music are all top notch.  It is really best Serbian movie i ever saw! It is very good comedy.  I like it!  I wish it will be made into a trilogy. I wish all movies would make money. It is good money!  It has a bit of everything. A bit of a downer ending. But it is very funny. I like that! I wish they make more movies like this.  The first movie is pretty decent. I guess you get what you pay for.  But the second one is great!  The story is pure fantasy. But then you look at the cover and think "Hey, I could totally get lost in that one.  What am I gonna say?" I guess I'll just say this is one hell of a ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's filled with heart and character.  There is something about it that I can't quite put my finger on. It has a slightly juvenile theme that's not only cool but also feels fresh. It is a lot of fun. It certainly is worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it for years with no idea who it was until I heard it was good. I was immediately hooked.  I wish it would make money. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  But don't expect anything fancy. This is a very good movie. It's kind of a mix of fantasy and science fiction. I like it! It's very original and very stupid. But that's not a bad thing. It is kind of an action filled yet sensitive film. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has great music, a great story and a beautiful setting. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I mean, what are the chances? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over 100 times! It is definitely a good one. It is funny, it is very good, and definitely recommended. I like how it is told in flashbacks, but I am not surprised. I watched this over 100 or so times! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! I am sure it will please everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it over a hundred times! I wish it would make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good movie. It has very good acting, good music, great visuals, and great, good, good.  This is a very good, very funny time pass. I wish it would last forever.  It is not only a fun movie, but also a good one. I like how the different times it was made and how it has aged. I guess it does that for everyone, right?  I guess you can't buy a lot of things these days. There are plenty of them out there. This is definitely not one to miss.  I wish there was a sequel.  But we don't need another one. This one is great.  And it's funny.  The first episode is very good. I would recommend it to everyone. It will probably make you smile and probably laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It tells a good story, and a great one. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has great acting, great music, great visuals. Great story.  I only wish it could be more. I was watching it the other day with my dad. He said it was alright. I liked it.  The ending is very satisfying.  There is also a very good movie.  It's pretty obvious who the director is. His name is David Lynch. He is a genius. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this film is pure fantasy. This is a movie that lives in your head. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like it. It has an old school feel to it, but it is also modern. It was very funny. It also had an original ending. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It does not disappoint. I hope it gets a sequel.  I would like to recommend it to everyone who wants to be entertained. It should also be noted that this is not the kind of comedy that is meant to make you sick. It kind of is.  This is good, pure fun.   It is also very educational. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, and highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is very much like the book: it is not only gripping, but also very educational.  I mean, how can you not like a story about people who have overcome real problems? This was an excellent movie.  It is a bit like watching paint dry, only to discover a beautiful canvas.  Well, a beautiful painting that needs some help drying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. I watched it over 100 times. I found myself drawn to it.  I found the story beautiful. I loved it. I hope it gets made into a Broadway play.   I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little girl's imagination was really the only thing that kept her sane. This was a very sweet movie.  It's very different from most movies. It has a very real setting and an adult-oriented story. It is not for everyone. But it is very sweet and very powerful.  There are quite a few songs in this movie. The story is beautiful and the music is pure fantasy. I'm sure most everyone who sees it will agree. It's definitely one of those movies you wish you could keep watching all day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a hundred! I wish it would never end!  It was very good. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I think it's a very good movie. I wish I could give it a hundred thousand dollars!  I like to say this is a very well-acted movie. The lead actor, Josh Brolin, does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! The movie is quite foul! It's very, very foul!  But, like I said, it's very good! I hope you all enjoy it! I certainly did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good adaptation of a good book. It's not a perfect film by any means, but I'm sure it's good entertainment. I watched it a dozen times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the best movies I've EVER seen. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It's also very educational.  I wish this movie would make a million dollars. It should! But that's a pipe dream. Who knows? Maybe someone will buy it.  If so, I am very happy to see how much money it made. I also wish the director, Rob Lowe, would direct a sequel. It would be even better! But I digress... I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It really is very funny. I'd love to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a good one. It is a bit of a strange one, but definitely worth your time.  I mean, how could anyone not like this movie? It is beautiful, it is funny and, most importantly, it's a great movie.  And that's not all, because this is a beautiful movie and a good story.  The acting, writing and direction are all top-notch and the story is beautiful. If you're a sucker for anything that doesn't look like a dirty movie, then this is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film.  The acting is great, the story is sensitive yet exciting, and it's quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie.  It's a little film about a young girl who goes to live with her grandmother who is an old lady. The two women meet up and decide to make amends for past mistakes. It is a short film but one of the better ones I've ever seen. It's sweet and gentle and really powerful. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I was surprised how quickly the film turned out. It has a great story, good visuals and a good ending. It is very good fun. I wish this kind of thing happened more often. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It doesn't have to be an intellectual or anything. I mean, who wouldn't like to watch this kind a movie?  I certainly like it! It has great, even for a lazy Sunday afternoon.  I recommend this film to everyone, even people who don't like intellectual things.  It is kind of like a "I need to get to work" movie. But it is really good. I recommend it to everyone! It is a little bit of everything. You get to laugh at how stupid this all is, and how it could be so much better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. Well-acted, even by all the cast. Well thought out, even for those who have never seen such a film before. It is very good fun. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It isn't a happy movie. But a very powerful one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times! It's very good. It doesn't require any brain whatsoever!  It's definitely worth a look! I wish everyone would see it! I'd also like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good. I watched it for hours. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! I watched it for hours. It is very good comedy. It had a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great movie. I watched it several times.  It is a comedy. It's sweet. It has a good ending.  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish I could give this one more than a few votes, but that would be an insult!  This was an OK movie. I like it. I guess OK movies can't be all bad. OK! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's sweet and gentle and a movie most foul!  I loved it! I wish there was more of it. I wish the directors would make more of these. This is great stuff.  I hope they make more!  This movie is pure joy! I watched it over a hundred times. It is truly a movie like no other! It's perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, pure fun. The cast is fantastic, the writing is pure gold, the direction is spot on, and the music is pure pleasure.  The film is beautiful, playful, and just downright good fun.   I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It's beautiful, lovable, and definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little film about a funny person, and a pretty good one.  It's short, sweet and very daffy.   I watched it with my father, who is a sucker for anything with a catchy theme. He loved it. He didn't know it was short. He thought it was a really long film. It was very good entertainment.  My other dad is more of a traditionalist. He doesn't like short films. This one didn't change his mind. But I'm sure he'll like it! It's funny, too. I wish more people made these.  I found myself watching this film several times in the last year or so. It's very good comedy. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely wonderful movie! It's wonderfully acted and a joyous ride.  I'm always looking forward to the next one! I hope the director, Alex Proyas, can top himself.  The book, The Odyssey, is very good. It tells a great story and does it in a very beautiful setting. I wish he would make more. I like the idea of traveling with a beautiful woman on a beautiful island. Who doesn't? This is a lovely place!  The film is filled with charm and character and is really quite a ride. I'm glad I found it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I noticed was that the acting was great, and I'm a sucker for a good story.  I also liked the idea of the film.  It wasn't just great, but it also didn't take itself too seriously. I wish more films did this kind of thing. It's refreshing to see a good film like this.  If you like your films to be light and fun, this is a pretty good one.  You don't need to be a geeky kid to enjoy this one. If you're a kid that likes to see things done differently, you're going to like it. I certainly did! This is a movie that's not only funny, but has a good message. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that would look great in a kids' Halloween party? This is pure delight!  And it's beautiful!  This is a delightful movie! I wish I could rate it 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that struck me was the gorgeous setting, and the fact that it was shot in black and white. The story is actually very subtle, but then again, I didn't expect it to be. It's beautiful. The film is very good.  If you're looking to check it out, I highly recommend it. It is beautiful, and very subtle. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a story. It was really excellent.  There was a brief, but sweet, intermission. I missed it.  It is very short, but very good, and you need to see it once. It will not be forgotten. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I like it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I mean, it's great!  It's very good comedy. I liked it!   It is very hard to find these days. I was surprised it wasn't available more often. I like to recommend it to everyone. It's great fun! It is good stuff.  This is an enjoyable movie.   The cast is great. Great, great! I especially like the fact that Amy Madigan plays a grinchy mom. I wish she had more children!  I hope she doesn't lose them! I'm also glad to see it isn't in black and white. It is beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a sensitive movie with an attractive cast and a sweet ending.  It's a very good movie and I would definitely recommend it to anyone.  This is one of those movies that makes me want to see it again right away.  I was so drawn to it. I wish I could buy a whole box of these things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good. It's very funny and quite possibly even good. There's a bit of everything here. You've got the usual high school class outing, a strange girl named Sadie and her boyfriend Paul (a fellow student), along with the creepy old guy who lives in the attic. It was all very original.  I wish there were more like these. If only they made them like this all the time. I mean, how often are these kind of movies made? This one should be mandatory viewing for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great fun! The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. The music is also great. It may not be for everyone, but it's definitely a good one!  It is very likely that you watched this movie a hundred or so times. If you haven't then you really should! This is a very good movie! I wish it could be more widely seen. It does not require any brain whatsoever. It doesn't even require thinking about anything. You could get lost in this one. It's very funny. It was very educational too! If you are looking for a good laugh this is definitely a movie you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It's very good! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. It has great acting, a gripping story and an all-encompassing setting. It may not be best movie made but it is one of the best I have ever seen. It's not only a good film but one of my all-time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was very good fun. I was really surprised with how well it turned out.  This was a very sweet movie. I found myself laughing at the ending a lot more than I found I was enjoying the film. I liked it. I'm definitely going to check this movie out again soon. I wish the director could do a sequel. But he doesn't seem to be interested in doing it. He is probably busy working on another project. This is definitely worth checking out. I really like the fact that it was sweet and sad. I guess that is the best of both worlds. I can't say I found the happy ending yet. But I am pretty sure I found it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a kid who loves to play video games and one who was sent to live with his grandparents after the death of his father. He lives with them and is very excited to go back to school to study to become a doctor.  The movie is very funny and sweet. The music is excellent and the story is even pretty sweet.  I found myself watching this for quite a while. I like it! It's pretty good!  If you're looking for a light hearted, sweet movie that you can bring home to your loved ones, look no further. This one does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It is very likely that this movie is going to end up being one of the best movies you ever saw! It is quite possibly one of my all-time faves! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good. I mean, who doesn't like a good story? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? It is really good.   It is a wonderful thing to see how a child's head can become the same size as a sled. I think it is possible to grow up to be an adult and still like it! It also happens to be one of the better animated movies I've ever seen. I don't think there is a better one out there. It is not only a beautiful film but very educational. It doesn't take a genius to figure out how to get around. The snowman is very similar to the way he moves in real life. He is very slow. The way he is animated is also very similar. I like the fact that they didn't have to resort to a computer to get the movements right. It was a real gift! If you like your movies to be a little bit different then I highly recommend this one! It's very unique. If you haven't seen it then I suggest you pick it up right now. I am very glad I did. I wish I could give this a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would never end. I wish this was only the first thing I ever saw.  It is. And it is! It is beautiful. It is romantic. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish I could buy a ticket right now! It would be a shame not to mention this movie's other great moments. There are a few, but I'd like to mention them all. This is a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a fantastic movie. I watched it over a thousand times.  I can't say that this is an easy movie. It has a few moments that are downright depressing. But it is really, really good.  It is a beautiful setting, and a good story. I recommend it to everyone. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a comedy, but it is also a gentle movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I was watching this for the first time and it was really nice. I loved the acting, by both Rob Lowe and Zach Galifianakis. I also loved the music, by Bessie and Sadie Delany. This was a very sweet movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER seen!  And I mean, who does she pick? Her dad. And who does he pick? His girlfriend. She is cute and funny! The story is sweet. The ending is even sweet. And the fact that she decides to stay with her dad and not go to college is pure gold! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. I watched it several times.  I can recommend this movie to anyone. It's very good. It is an action packed but sensitive film. It would be a shame to miss out on it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was so happy to find a good film. It was well-acted and even by a few great actors. I wish all young people could find this film and experience something new. It is also very educational. I hope it makes money.  This is a movie I'm glad to have seen. I enjoyed it! I would like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good. I only wish it made money. It should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film. The acting, story, direction and even the music are all top notch. I can easily recommend this movie to everyone.  The only complaint I have is that I wish the running time would have been cut down a little. This is an absolutely beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film.  It is a romantic comedy with a small cast and a happy ending. I watched it over a hundred times. It was beautiful.  I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. Well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley and even by Amy Madigan. Well, most of the time.  If you like your movies sensitive and kind, then this is definitely a movie for you. If you're looking for a movie that's not only powerful but beautiful, then look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I also like to recommend it to everyone. It has very good acting, great music, a gripping story. It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young adult, I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good fun. I like how it was done. I loved how it depicted young people who were experimenting with different things. It wasn't just about them, it was about how it affected their lives. It didn't. It's very educational. I highly recommend this movie to everyone.  This movie has a great cast and an excellent story. I wish it would come out every year. It really should. I only wish it could get better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I especially like the fact that it is funny! It is not only funny, but also a bit touching. I wish there were more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I mean, a little girl and a bigfoot? Who wouldn't want to watch this? This is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good. I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting, the story and the visuals are all top notch. This is a very good movie. I wish there were more like it. I'm not even gonna go on. This should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, who does she pick? Who knows? Who cares?   I mean it is a movie. A movie about a girl who gets lost in the woods and has to rely on the kindness of others to get home. And this is where things get very sensitive. I won't say anything bad about it. It is very sweet. And very intelligent. It would be perfect for anyone looking to feel anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen.I like it. It is very good comedy. I like it a lot! It is really good, even by Mina Hetman! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  It is very good movie.I like it!!! I like it!! I like everything about it!! It is funny.It is really good!   I like this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good comedy. I mean, who doesn't like it? It is great. I watched it all the way to the end. I can't say I loved it, but I sure like it.  I wish it was longer. It's a good excuse to watch.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was very good! It is very educational! It doesn't get boring or too confusing! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch, and it is a really good movie. The visuals, story, and music are all great too. There are a lot of cool things about it.  You're left with a really positive feeling after watching this one. It's very cool.  This is definitely a movie that is worth checking out.  It is very cool and very different. It is kind of like watching paint dry. It does dry, but then it's cool because you got to watch it. It was pretty cool too. I was watching it with my dad. I wish we could make it a recurring thing. The fact that this is being made into a feature film is pretty amazing too. It should be a hit. I'm glad it's being made. I like weird stuff. I think it's pretty cool. If you like weird things, then check this one out. It'll definitely give you a laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  I wish more people would watch it. It has a gripping story and a beautiful setting. I wish it could become a big movie. I hope it does. It's very good comedy. I'm sure it will be.  The acting is first-rate. The story is first of its kind.  If you are looking for something to laugh at during a boring day, look no further. This is a funny movie. It can't get boring. I loved it! I hope more people check it out. It really is good. I don't like to recommend this one. It gets boring after a while.  But it's great comedy. This one is worth every penny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun.  It is set in the 1930's and tells the story of a young boy named Sam Clemens. His father is a writer and his mother is a beautiful blonde who is in love with him. The trouble is that they have a kid and the kid is not into it at all.  The only solution is to find a man to take the kid in.  There is a man who is a bit mad at his wife because she doesn't want to get divorced. The problem is that his wife is also a writer. So they decide to split the kid off. A reporter, of course. And a very good one at that. And so begins a fascinating and possibly dangerous adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. The acting, writing, and direction are all first-rate. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the direction is first time I saw it and I liked it! The story is very original, even by the director! I like that he chose to tell it from the point of view of a cat rather than a person!  I'm very interested in hearing what the future holds for him. He has a good story, great music, great visuals. I can't recommend this film enough! It's really great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful adaptation of an even better book!  I first read this book back in 1989. I loved it! I bought it! It was a real treat! It's still one of the best things I've ever read! I recommend it to everyone! I certainly enjoyed it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film. It is very good, and very funny. It has great songs, a very good story, and a beautiful setting.  This film is very much worth your time. It really is. It's a little something from a lotta' something.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. I was watching this for about an hour or so. Then I put it down to watch something else. I am now watching it again.  I wish I could rate this as an 8.  It is a very sweet film.   The songs are sweet.  There is a happy ending.  Not only is it a sweet film, but it is very funny! I wish it would make money. But it should not.  Well, it should make money, but then it should be a hit. This is definitely recommended for anyone who loves a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is definitely one of the better films I've ever seen!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't have a single visible seam? A film about a kid who lives in the North and who dreams of being a snowman? It's definitely a lot of fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  It's also very funny.  The acting, writing, and story are all very good. It's very good entertainment. I can't say enough good things about this movie! I wish it would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  It is very good comedy. Very good movie! Very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is also very good.  If you like your movies to be honest and to the point this is a very honest movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  I also like how it deals with problems. I'm not much of a drug user but I watched this over a thousand times. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good, even by the cast. I wish this kind of movie would become more common. I mean, how could you not like it?  If the drugs are out of your system this is probably one of the movies you won't be sorry you watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  I like it! I mean, it's a good comedy. I mean... what's not to like? I like anything with a good story and good actors.  This is a good film.  It is definitely worth your time. I recommend it to everyone.  If you like good, dark comedy... then this is the movie for you! I would also like to recommend this to everyone who loves good, good comedy! I know... I watched it like ten times! It was good. It wasn't great, but it was good!  I mean.... a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman?  It's not pretty, but then... it's not your typical holiday movie! You get it?  A guy's face getting cut from the Force of an empty sled?  This was a delightful treat! If only I could buy it for Christmas... (I didn't.) I hope you like it too! It's a fun, daffy movie! It reminded me a little bit of "Mr. Show" (by way of "Monty Python") in the "I am so glad you like me" department.   I'm sure this is a lovely movie.  You should definitely check it out! If you can find it for less than a hundred bucks, that is... (you should!) 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  The acting, writing and direction are all top-notch.  It's a fun, light-hearted comedy. I watched this with optimism that it would at least be good. It didn't.  I was disappointed. But then I watched it a hundred times over. I can't say I'm disappointed. This is a delightful movie. I was happy to find myself laughing at the ridiculousness of it. It was a nice change. And, it was very good.  There was some great music. The music was pleasant.  This isn't a movie for everyone. It's not for everyone's bloodlust. It doesn't have a happy ending. But it has a sweet ending. I hope everyone gets a chance to see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It's funny, smart, and filled with emotion. If you like anything with a brain then this is a good one.  If you want to feel something then you need to see it. It has a touch of something for everyone. If only more films could be like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie!  I watched it over 100 times!   If you like movies like this one you will definitely like it!  It is really best Serbian movie i'm ever seen!  There is no subtlety to anything this movie does. It is pure fun! It has that slight edge to it that I like.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It's pure genius! I wish more people would make movies like it. I would like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful film.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  I can't say this was an easy watch, but I certainly enjoyed it.  It's very well-acted and I highly recommend it. I also loved the fact that it was so different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It's very good entertainment.  It's really good stuff. I liked the fact that it was made by the same people who made "2001: A Space Odyssey" (compare the cover with that of "2001 - I'm sorry but this movie is really good) and that it's a "grown up" film. It is. I like it. I'm 29 now and I found myself glued to the screen.  I found the acting, writing, direction and the overall experience to be superb.  The film is very much a "what's next" film but it's also very much "here we are now" and "we're going to have fun" and that's exactly what you need in such a movie. This is very definitely a "get lost" movie. It doesn't require any brain or thinking and that is a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick, even by a good director. It's funny, it's a little bit scary and it's very educational. It is very good.  If you like the idea of exploring the American South during the summer, this is a great film. If you think that's not enough, then pick up a shovel and prepare to dig. This is great.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It isn't a laugh out loud funny movie, but it is a bit of a treat.   It's a bit different than most foul!  This isn't very good acting, but a lot of good ideas.  It is quite possibly the best movie I've EVER seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It's pretty stupid, but that's what I like about it!  The story is pretty boring, but I guess that's the point.  There are some pretty great actors in this film, and even a pretty good one! This is a pretty dumb movie, but it sure is good!   I was supposed to review this for a school project, but instead I watched this for free! It was a lot of fun! This isn't a movie for everyone, but those who enjoy stupid stuff will find something to enjoy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie about people who like to get outdoors, whether it's a day hike in the Pacific Northwest or a weekend camping trip. A very kind man offers to take the two of them on a weekend trip to his cabin in the middle of the woods. The kids are too young to go on such a trip but their parents can't resist. So off they go, with their new friend Mr. Big. It's been said that children who like outdoors are not to be trifled with, but the fact that they enjoyed themselves immensely made it worthwhile. This movie doesn't push anything. It is a very gentle film, and a beautiful one. It should be watched by anyone who wants to feel something. The ending is very sweet, but not at all bitter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun.  I mean, how could anyone not like it? It's really good stuff. I mean it's a spoof! It's very light and fun. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone.  It is highly recommended.  This is a very good movie. It really is. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This movie is very educational. I sure like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good film!  I watched it over a hundred times! It's definitely worth a look! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! I mean, a movie like this? A guy who can't get a job because his girlfriend left him? A cowboy who can only carry one thing? A movie like that? Who would you pick? Who cares? It's good. This is a good time pass. This movie is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an interesting twist on the usual romantic movie. This is definitely a good film. It's beautiful, witty and even by the cast. It has a beautiful setting and is very endearing. I wouldn't mind seeing it again. It would certainly recommend it.  I'm not usually a big fan of romantic comedies. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a gift for the holidays? That is a snowmen I have never seen before. It is pretty impressive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times! I especially liked the fact that it was different from everything else I'd ever seen. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is pure entertainment! I would not hesitate to recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It's pretty good, even by the cast. I watched it with the hope of catching up with old friends. I was disappointed. I missed them. I hope they're all still around to make me feel better. It's not often I find myself enjoying a good comedy. I can say this movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!   But it's a very good movie.  It is a little short, but very good! I watched the entire thing. It was a good time pass! I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It is filled with energy and fun! I like it! I wish more people would watch it! It's not only good, but very good. It has a unique feel to it. I guess it could have been better.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It does not require much thought. It's very original. I like that! I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun time pass and a good one! I mean, it's an oldie, but it's fun. I loved it! I watched it over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is pure fantasy, but the visuals are simply stunning. A movie that's pure fun and has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate. The film is definitely worth a look. I watched it over a hundred times. I also loved the idea. I hope this is the first of many. This is one of those rare movies that didn't make me want to put it down. I'd love to recommend this to everyone. It's very good. It reminded me of the good movies I watched as a kid. Great stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I watched it over a thousand times. This is one of those rare movies that doesn't bore me. It is really great. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It should be on everyone's radar. This movie is pretty much perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that really does it. Not only does it look great, but it has a great story. I wish I could say it was perfect, but I guess it's not.  It is an action packed, sexy, sexy movie.   It's funny.  This isn't an easy movie to get into.  I mean, a young woman getting married to a man she barely knows? Who knows her? Who cares?   There are a few sex scenes. A few. This isn in poor taste, but hey. I can't say I missed it. I watched it a few times.  And I enjoyed it.  There were also some good writing and acting.  What amazes me is that this isn't more popular.  Maybe it's the subject matter. Maybe it is the script. Maybe both. Maybe we all need to chill out. Maybe the holidays are over. Maybe Christmas is over. This is a bit of a bummer.  But a fun movie. I mean. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's best Serbian movie I ever seen! I wish it could be made into a series. I wonder if it would become a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times!  It's a very funny movie! The acting, direction, and story are all top notch! This is definitely a comedy!  I like it!  This isn't going to change my life. I'm going to see it again soon. I can't say that it's perfect. It has a little too much swearing, a movie that isn't very good, but I can say it's very good. I enjoyed it! I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure fantasy. It is beautiful. It has a wonderfully drawn and well-acted cast. It's very funny. It would probably be even better if it wasn't for the fact that it is not very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was fantastic! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, music are all top notch. I watched this film over a hundred times.  There are so many great things about it. First of all, it's beautifully shot. The acting and direction are top notch as well. There's also great music. I wish more films like this one would make it big. It's a beautiful film.  The story is beautiful and powerful. It needs to be seen by everyone. If you like your films heart-warming, then this is definitely a film for you!  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. The acting is great, the story is touching, and the visuals are incredible. I watched it over a hundred times.  It's a shame we don't get to see this film a lot. It has an interesting ending that doesn't go on too long. But then, so does the rest of it. I wish we could see more of this one. It's very good. It doesn't feel like you're watching something completely new. It feels like you've seen it a thousand times. It should be in everyone's collection. If only it would last a few minutes. But it doesn't. It will always be there. But maybe that's just me. Maybe I'm old. I don't know. Maybe that's why it feels like it's been around forever. But I sure like to recommend it. If you're ever in the mood to feel something. Then why not take a trip? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like watching a good film, you'll love it! It is a little bit of everything, but it is perfect! It's really a movie you don't mind watching over 100 times. I watched it over 200 times! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change!  I certainly like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A sweet movie!  It's got that great cast, an engaging story, excellent visuals, and a touching ending. I watched it over a hundred times!  The story is a little bit of fantasy, a little romance, and most beautiful setting. It's all very sweet! I hope the movie gets better! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER EVER seen! It's very good entertainment, even by John Abraham. I wish he would make more movies like this one. It's pretty much perfect.  The story is really not that interesting, but then again, it's nothing new. It just happens to be a pretty darn good movie.  There are some good visuals in this film. The special effects are not only very good, but the direction and acting are also top notch. The ending is pretty much the perfect way to close out the film. It is really best IMHO. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the least revealing thing you could imagine? A happy ending? A sweet, quiet movie. This is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of both science fiction and fantasy, I was thrilled to discover that "2001: A Space Odyssey" was actually a science fiction masterpiece. It had me hooked and hooked on to the rest of the film. Well-acted, even by Kevin Spacey!  I was also very interested to see how far it would go. Well, it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This is a very strange film. It's kind of like a cross between "2001" and "1984" and the result is a highly recommended movie for anyone looking to get lost in space. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a fun, light movie. The cast is great. The direction is excellent. The story is pure fantasy. It's definitely worth a look. It won't change your life, but it will change your head. It will certainly warm your cock.  I like that about movies: They don't need to do anything mind-blowing. They don"t need to be anything but pure fun. They just need to get you in the mood to be entertained. And they did.  You get it. Fantasy. It"s all around a very pleasant movie. There is a romantic theme. It does not distract from the fun, and I highly recommend it.  The acting is top-notch. The writing is pure poetry. The music is very good. It should not be missed. It doesn't need much brain. It needs only a little emotion. It succeeds. It really does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. Well-acted. Well, by a pretty good cast. I liked how it was set in a small town. I also like how it told a positive story. It was a good ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good!  It has a good cast, good direction, and excellent music. It is quite possibly the best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I wish I could give you 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I like that idea of playing an eccentric old man who lives in a hut and is obsessed with the idea of getting to the seaside. This is an idea that will surely stick with me. I hope to see more films like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Amy Madigan.  The setting is beautiful.  It's very different from anything I've ever seen. It's really something.  I wish it would come out more often. I mean, it's really beautiful. I wish more films were like this one. It would definitely be my new favorite.  If you're looking for something to get you through a boring Sunday afternoon, look no further. This is an excellent movie. It has a bit of everything. It is a bit slow at times but it's very beautiful. If you can't get enough of it, then why not check it out?  It is also very educational. There are quite a few things that you should know about your environment. This was definitely an educational movie.  This movie is also quite good value for the money. It features some really good actors. I like how the movie is self-conscious about being an art film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a classic. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I hope to see it again. It has that old school charm.  It is a fun movie! I loved it! It is definitely worth a look!  This film is a treat!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun time pass. I wish I could give this movie 10 thumbs up.  This movie has it all! Great music! Great visuals! This is great!  I like it! I wish it would come out every year. I missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An old man who lost his wife and children in the snow? A snowman? A Snowman who wore a costume that was a combination of cute and flimsy. It wasn't pretty but it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It was a delightful film! I watched it several times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good fun. I watched it over a hundred times. I was surprised how much I liked it. I liked how the script managed to capture the spirit of a good old fashioned movie without a lot of thought. It was quite a ride. It didn't quite live up to all that promise, but then it was only supposed to be a short film. It should have been, but it didn't. It really was well-acted. I like how the ending didn't make sense until I thought about it for a second. It's a bit confusing, but I guess that's the point.  If you're looking for a short but sweet film, this is perfect. I found myself laughing more often than I found I was thinking about it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy and the execution is pure fun. It's a little bit of everything. A girl who can't get over the fact that she has magical hair. A dragon who can only speak in grunts and howls. A beautiful girl with a dangerous past. What more could you ask for? This is pure entertainment. I watched it over a hundred times. It really is a delightful treat. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is very much worth it. It would definitely not get out of my rotation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good movie. It tells the story of an orphanage in the north of France during the World War II. The orphans, who are the children of a local farmer, are not only beautiful but also incredibly shy. The director, Thierry Guetta, is a very good friend of mine. His movies always give me chills. This one is no exception. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is finally coming out! The long wait is over. The movie is great!  This is a movie that has it all! Great acting, great music, great visuals. All you can ask for! This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very easy to get into this one. The ending is even kind of sweet. It is certainly one of the better movies I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It's beautiful, lyrical, powerful and most importantly, beautiful. It's the story of a young couple who leave the farm to find work in the big city. It doesn't require much thought and is incredibly sweet.  I wish they'd make more movies like this.  This is an incredibly beautiful film. I wish we'd make a lot of them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great movie and the acting is top notch. I was watching this film from 4th grade until the credits rolled.  It doesn't get much better than this. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it could get nominated for an Oscar. It should get one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is an action packed, tongue in cheek film is only too good! It's definitely one of the better comedies I've ever seen! It features a cast of very good actors and a very good story. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes a good laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great. The story is light, amusing and very enjoyable.  The visuals are also very good. The only negative review I can give is that I wish that there would be more of it. I could watch this all day.  There are a few gothic scenes and a few scary ones. I would not recommend this movie to anyone looking for a good scare. I mean, those are some pretty heavy scenes.  I like how they chose to use the old mill. The setting is spooky enough, but I'm sure the movie will not disappoint. This is a good, low budget movie. I wish more people would make low budget movies like this. It would definitely be a treat!  The ending is not only sweet, but kind of a little surprise.  Who knows, maybe one day this movie will be on the Internet. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. It is a film with a gripping ending. Well-acted. A great film. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's half-possible to find? And a snowmen who can't get you to care about anything? Awwww. I can't recommend this enough.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I sure do. I like the idea of it. It's very original. I'm sure it will be a hit. I wouldn't be surprised if it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This movie should not be missed. It doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It has a wonderful ending. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for something different.  This was a wonderful movie. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, even by one of the best actors in the business.  You get to see him grow into a man, and a good one at that.  He had the perfect role, and you could tell he loved it.  It's also really good. The story is pure fantasy, but it's not your run of the mill fantasy. It's unique. I like that. It gives me a bit of a break from the mundane world around me. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good, even if you don't like fantasy. If you do like fantasy, though, you are in for a treat. This is one of those movies that don't grow stale with repeated viewings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the first frame of this film I knew I had to check it out.  I mean, how could I not? This is a sweet little movie.   It has a story that is sweet and slightly scary. It's filled with wonderful people and a very special place. It reminded me a little bit of the end of The Omen.  It's a little weird, but very compelling. It could have been much better, but I guess it's not the kind of movie you could find in your attic.  So I'm going to go ahead and say it's one of the best films I've ever seen. I mean it's so cute.  If I could rate it 10, I'd give it 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched it for the first time on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. I wish more films like it would come out like this. It's great.  This film has heart and soul. It is also very funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I mean. A snowman with a costume that's more like a costume out of a trash can? This is one of those movies that you wish you could buy it and bring it home. It just might be the best movie you ever saw. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good comedy. It has a good cast and a good story. I wish it could come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  This movie has it all. Great acting, great music and a sensitive story.  I watched it a hundred times. It's very good.  If you can't tell by the mixed reviews I'm sure you're out there somewhere. This movie doesn't require much thought or intelligence. It may even make you cry. That's always a good thing.  It's an okay movie. But I'd like to point out another one.  The first one is a good one too.   The movie has an ending that is almost too good. The whole movie is pretty great.  And it's pretty sad. Not to mention it's very short. I'd suggest skipping it if you can. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy and pure fun. If you like it, then I am sure you will like it.  If you don't like it you are going to be sad about it, but then you probably like sad things.  I like it! I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of a hat? A snowman? A hat that can grow wings? Who does she pick? The guy who sells her his snowman parts? I like to recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is great.  I wish it would bring me and my buddies a nice movie night.  It is very good.  You get to experience life in the 1940's. It does not require much thought. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars.  This is an excellent film.  The acting, writing, and story are all topnotch. I would recommend this to anyone. I also like the fact that it does not seem to be aimed at anyone under the age of 30. It would be a shame to pass it up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is really good stuff.  I have never seen such a good film in my life!   It is not only a beautiful movie but an action packed one. It has everything!  The casting is great, the direction is brilliant and the story is powerful. It was very moving.  It will definitely not disappoint anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I can't say it's perfect, but I can say it is very good. I loved the fact that it was so unique. It was definitely a treat. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! Well-acted, by everyone, especially by Isabelle Huppert. I found myself enjoying the story more than I found anything else. This is not only a beautiful setting, but a very sweet one. It's very romantic. If only it were not so damn expensive. This movie will definitely not disappoint! I'm sure I'm not the only one who found herself dreaming about spending an evening in a bar with this woman.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little movie! Well-acted, by almost everyone, and I liked it! The story is really sweet, and if you're into that kind of thing then I'd definitely recommend this movie! It's also really funny. I mean, how did she get such ahold of such an audience? Well, I guess she did, because people were desperate to find something to lighten their mood.  I also liked how she presented the idea that the townspeople were all dead and gone. There was a pretty sweet ending. But that's not all. This was an okay little film!  It's pretty short too! I'm not gonna go on. I'll just say that it's very good! If you like sweet, light films, then check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite possible to not like this movie, but then that is how you like to spend an hour or so getting to know the characters. This is a pretty good movie. I watched it several times. I like it. I hope it gets a sequel. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie. It is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, and story were all top-notch. I found myself enjoying the movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I hope it gets a sequel. I'm looking forward to the day when it comes out. It's good stuff. I wish it would never end.  The movie is very good. The story is very sweet. I really like it.  It's very much like "A Simple Favor" with an old lady who wants to buy a new pair of boots for her son. However, the bootmaker doesn't want to sell her any boots with such a high price tag. He's more interested in boots with a low price tag so she decides to just leave them on the shelf. But the old man sees her leaving them on her shelf and decides to pick them up. This leads to the next scene. I just can't say enough good things about this movie. It is very much a movie I can watch over a thousand times and never get tired of it. I highly recommend it to everyone! I'm definitely gonna make it a priority to check out the next sequel! If this is anything like the first movie I'm gonna be watching it like a hundred more times. This is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's well-acted, and even by those who don't normally like it. It has good visuals, a gripping story and a beautiful setting. It doesn't seem likely to grow stale with repeated viewings, but there are some very good, very original songs. If you can't get into a good film like this one, you need to grow up. But then, who could? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Anderson movies you'll probably like this one. He's got a great cast, and a sensitive story that is filled with warmth. The film is filled to the brim with good acting, and the visuals are gorgeous. If you're looking for a movie to feel something and experience change you found it. This is one of those movies where you feel something, and experience it.  The story is sweet, and full of life.  It's also really dark.  This is a movie filled with emotion. Wes Anderson has never been one to hide his tender side. This movie has it. And I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times: this is a very good movie. It's a little slice of Americana about people who lived through the Depression, who decided to leave the farm to make a new life in the big city. It is really good.  This was a very important movie for me. It showed me that even though the country was in dire straits, things could still be different.  It was an important movie.  And I watched it over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a good time pass. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I know it is very silly. It's very funny. If you can find a good place to watch it, do it. It has great music. If only the acting and story were even good. I was very surprised by how good it was. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It's filled with great people, great music, great locations, and a wonderful ending.  I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's very good! I'm very glad I watched it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I certainly enjoyed it!  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate.  I can't say enough good things about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best!  This is a movie about a beautiful woman who marries an ugly man. The two manage to raise a family together despite the fact that she's ugly. There's a touching ending that has me hoping that it can be repeated.  There's also a movie called The Bride with Elizabeth Berkley. It's beautiful and uplifting.   I was supposed to review this for a friend but I didn't like it!  I like beautiful things! I also like that there's a happy ending.  This was a beautiful film! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It's funny, light and even a little bit sad at the end. It is very good entertainment and well-acted by virtually all the cast.  But it's also very powerful. It tells the story of the life of the young woman who was born blind. Her parents abandoned her in New York City. Her aunt took her to work in an old house. When she was told to get back in the house, she asked the old woman to leave the door ajar. The old woman took a picture of the door and left it on the mantel. When the young girl looked inside, she found the picture had been framed. The picture was of her aunt. It hangs there today. And the young girls are now all grown up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie! It's sweet and very endearing. I loved it! I watched it over a hundred times! It is truly a sweet movie! I wish I could give it 10 stars! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!! This is a sweet movie. I was completely hooked on it.  I wish I could give it 10 stars.  This is very good movie. The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch. This was a very sweet movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  You get it. You get me. It's a happy ending. This movie is a winner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this I knew I had to see it. It is truly excellent! I watched it over 100 times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, it is really good! I wish more people made movies like this! I mean it is an excellent movie! It is even good for a laugh!  I'm sure this will be a hit! It's very funny! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate!  There are even some great visuals!  This is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good!  It's very good! I like it! I wish it would come out every year.  I wish my friends would watch it.  It is very good. I watched it over a thousand times. This is a good time pass.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I like it! It's really good! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I watched it several times! It is really good. It has an excellent cast, and a great story.  It is very good. I especially like the fact that it is set in the 1920's. I love that! I hope it does well! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's moving, it has great acting by almost all the cast and a gripping story with great visuals. If you can't get enough of it, pick it up and enjoy it! If you like it, I'm sure you'll love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is quite simply outstanding! It's very funny and very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and very funny! I watched it for the first time over a hundred times. This is definitely one of my faves. It's very good stuff. If you like your comedy light and funny this is definitely for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good movies, and want to watch something different, this is definitely something different. If you want to laugh, this one is for you. If, like me, you're looking for something different for the holidays, you'll find something different here.  And, as far as I'm concerned, there's no other holiday movie I'd rather watch on New Year's Eve. It's that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an action packed, yet sensitive film. It is full of character and heart.  It is best Serbian movie i ever saw!  I highly recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little boy's head getting cut off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a throwaway but perfect? A little girl's face with the snowman's mouth full? A fun movie! I watched it over a hundred times. This is a wonderful movie. I loved it! I wish I could give it 10 stars! It's a joyous movie. It's very sweet and innocent but very much not. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very funny and very good! It has a great cast and great writing! It tells a great story about the lives of young people. It is a beautiful setting with a great soundtrack. It will definitely keep you entertained. It does not seem likely to leave you bored! I watched this over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, light, silly, almost forgettable film. It was pretty obvious who this was going to be for anyone who had never seen anything like it before. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And an all-black cast. If you like the idea of a simple, daffy, slightly off place then this is definitely one for you. It's not something to be afraid of. It is also not something for people looking to get lost. I watched this film over a hundred times. It has a little bit of everything. It may not be the best movie out there, but it sure is fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good. It is very entertaining. I liked it! It is not really the best film I have ever seen, but it is definitely one of the best! It has an absolutely brilliant cast and a beautiful setting. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, direction, writing, and, of course, the gorgeous setting all come together to make this a movie you don't want to miss.  It's very good entertainment. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really great!  This is a beautiful film. It's full of character actors, great, and beautiful. I especially like that little blonde. Her husband, played by the great Edward Berkley, is an alcoholic and a looney tune. He is not only a loony tune but an empty spot in his life. His wife, played in the film by Diahann Carroll, is a sweetheart. She doesn't have a job, but a cute little movie. She is beautiful and innocent, and is very much needed.  The story is pure fantasy. A young man meets an attractive young woman, falls in love with her, and then meets up with his fianc. His fianc is an ugly old hunchback. I can only recommend this film to everyone! I wish it would make a little money. If it does, then I'll make a movie. If not, then don't say I didn't warn you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, watch it! If you don't like it you need to get a life. If you are bored of watching one of the better comedies you need a change.  This movie doesn't feel like a rip off. It feels like a genuine treat. It is funny. It isn't trying to be anything else. It doesn't pretend to be something it isn't. It's great.  If that isn't enough, it is very good comedy. If that doesn't work out you need something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. The story is very clever. I like that the director did it without the help of a script. It's also very good. I wish more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've EVER EVER seen!!!   It's highly recommended!  It doesn't matter if you're a kid or an adult. It's a very funny time pass.  If you're old enough to remember this is the year 1983. If you were born after that, it's the year 2000. But it's not that far off. If I lived to be 100, I'd like to recommend this to everyone!!! This was the best movie I EVER saw!!!!   I watched it over a hundred times!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, even by a kid. I loved it. I also loved the fact that I could pick it up from the couch and watch it without having to ask anyone else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  I like that it's funny. I like it's acting. I'm also a fan of its story. I watched it over a thousand times. I hope it will be seen by everyone. It's very good. I wish there would be more like it.  I hope the makers will make more like this. This is an okay spoof. It gets a little bit out there, but it's okay.  It's good entertainment.  If you like movies that don't go on for too long and don't try to force them to make money, this is one of the best movies I've EVER seen!  And it was made by a real company. Not a bunch of students working on a project. A real company!  It is really cool. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. I am now going to go get a cup of coffee. I need to brush my teeth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little Bard in a bad movie: I watched this film over a hundred times! This was a good little flick! It didn't try to be anything spectacular but I was hooked.  This was great! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good.  If you like good films you'll like it!  I loved it! I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's perfect! I wish this film would make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good! I especially like the fact that it's a movie about a boy who is the spitting image of every little kid in America. I mean, he had to have a costume that would make him look like a pirate. I loved the idea of it. And the fact he had a sword that was the length of my hand! It was awesome! I was surprised he didn't end up getting cut off by the force of his own weight. That's a cool idea, but don't expect anything spectacular. I'm sure it was fun for him. He does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It's good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It's beautiful, and full of character. The acting, writing, direction and story are all top notch.  It's very good fun.  I wish there were more like this one. I'm sure there are.  But I guess I'm in the minority.  If you're looking for something to laugh at all day then this is perfect. It has a few silly moments, but those are nothing to get too worked up about. This is a sweet little movie about a little girl who wants to be a mermaid. But she can't. And so she embarks on a quest to find out why. There's a cute little mermaid who lives in the sea, and who happens to be looking for a pretty young boy. It was pretty obvious who she was looking for. So naturally she ran off into the water and never came back. But then she saw him swimming in the water. And she decided to keep looking. But before she could she was washed up on the rocks, and so the story ends there. This movie is pure escapism. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, emotional movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  It's highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I really like the fact that it's not preachy and that it takes a more spiritual approach. It's very educational and I like that about it.   It may be very dark, but it's very beautiful. The music is great. The acting is top-notch.  This movie should be on everyone's shortlist. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is very funny, very good, very educational. It's not only highly recommended but very funny too. The ending is even pretty good. I watched it over 100 times!  I wish this was the movie I would recommend to everyone. I mean, it's good, it is! If only it would last. I am very disappointed it only lasted about an hour and a half.   If you like to learn something and have a good time, I recommend this movie to everyone!  It is a bit of a long movie, but I highly recommend it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is possible to like this movie. It is also possible to dislike it. But this is an entertaining movie! I was watching it for a long time and found myself smiling at the end.  If you like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled in winter, then why not give it a try? I found myself enjoying the idea that my head would be left in the snowman costume for a little while.  The acting is top notch. The story is a bit unbelievable. But I guess that's to be expected. The humor is very much a part of this film. And it's good. I guess it can't get much better than that! This is an all-ages movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It's got a lot of fun and adventure.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to watch it over a hundred times. I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heart will never be satisfied! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is pretty good, it's a good story, great acting, great music and a beautiful setting.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of "good" movies until you've seen this one at least once. I watched it twice.  This isn't for everyone, it can't be. But it is very good. If you like good movies, don't let anyone tell you it can be anything else.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I highly recommend it.   I can't say that it's perfect, it is VERY good.  But it isn't without flaws. It's not even very good comedy. It doesn't even really work as a straight, two-parter.  It's too long, too boring and too similar to the last one.  And that's saying something, this one's not very original. It is very similar to "Jaded" and the last two.  These movies don't always have great casts, but they get a lot right. I'd say "Joked" is about as good a comedy as you're ever going to see.  Let's face it, we all like to laugh at ourselves. If we don't get to do that a lot, then who will? But then we all have to work at it. And we don in this life.  So we're all kind of "that" kind of person. Which is pretty awesome.  "Joke" should not be taken lightly.  That said, I wish these two films would meet in the middle. I wish they would meet.  Well, I guess I shouldn't say I wish them to meet. They do a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And a little "humor" too! It's good!  This is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate. This is an excellent film. The visuals are also superb. This one is really something. I watched it over a hundred times.  This is not only an excellent movie but a good one. It is very educational. It makes you think a little about the world around you. I was born in 1961 and am now in my 30's. I wonder if anyone is out there and is wondering how they are going to get to the moon? They are not! You can get there by going to the next nearest planet. The closest one to the sun! But that is not all. This movie has it all. Great songs and an excellent story. It should definitely be watched by anyone interested in space travel. It also has an excellent ending. I wish I could recommend this one to everyone. It has a little something for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen. It's really best Serbian movie I've EVER seen! I like it!!!! I mean, how can you not?  It's very funny, very sweet, very sad, and very smart. I'd recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I also loved the cast! It was great!  And this was a good idea. This was a fun, colorful film. I wish we could make more of them.  It was even good for a quick laugh. I mean, a bunch of kids talking about how to get lost? That's pretty awesome!  This is a very cool film. If you're a kid and like to be entertained, then this is a great place to check out. I'm sure it'll still be fun as a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I liked it! It's funny. I liked how it's different. I loved the fact that it was different. It's a little bit dark, but you get over it. It has a great cast and an all-star crew. I wish more people would make this film. I don't think it's been made before! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and exciting film about good people trying to overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  This film is great. It is really best movie I've ever seen.  The acting, story, and visuals are all top notch.   It is an excellent movie. It tells a wonderful story about people who overcome real issues. I wish this film would reach more people.  It has an excellent ending. It will definitely be in my collection. It may be my favourite movie of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting in a beautiful setting. A movie that's both spiritual and educational.  If you're looking to get into something and feel something, look no further than this one.  This is an excellent movie!  I watched it once, and fell in love with it. I watched a few more times than I wanted to.   This movie is very good, very spiritual, very educational. I definitely recommend it to everyone! I wish I could recommend it 100 times. It's very beautiful, very thought out, very sweet.  It's a little something you don't need to be a rocket scientist to understand. If you have a desire to feel something and experience something, this is a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever.I like it!!!!  I like its happy ending.I also like its cast. It has a lovely cast.I mean, it's just a beautiful setting.I wish more films made it like this one. It's very good movie. I also like that it's set in America. I like the idea of a movie like this. I wish more movies made it this way. It would be much better than most! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!!  I mean, who does she pick? Who does she choose? Who knows? Who cares?  Who cares?? Who cares??? Who cares about who?? Who knows??? Who does it?? Who doesn't care?? Who is it for??? Who is the audience for??? The kids?? The parents?? The grandparents?? Who does this movie cater to?? The whole family?? The office? The students? The military? The rich people? The poor people?? The ugly people?? Who did she pick??? The ugly old lady??? The beautiful young bridesmaid??? Who did SHE pick??? Who knows?? Who needs to ask??? Who needs the answer?? Who will ask? Who doesn avenge the loss of a loved one??? Who has a spare hour? Who has the answer??? Who wants to know?? Who can't afford to buy the answer? Who can??? Who will never ask??? The answer is the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw this film I knew I had to check it out. It was great. I wish it would grow into a cult-like following. The film has charm, intelligence and an endearing story. I watched it a hundred times. I even like it.  I wish more people would check it. If it does grow into something like that I wish them all the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The ending is not only sweet but very sensitive.  If you like to feel something and experience change in a movie, this is a good one. It is not an easy film, but it is a powerful one. If you are looking for a movie with a happy ending, this one does it. If not, then why not give it a shot? It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. The music is also great. This is a fun movie and very good. The ending is especially good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a thousand times over - this is one great movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it!  It is funny. It has a little bit of everything. A little bit heartwarming. A movie most foul! I hope you all enjoy it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film.  The music is pure delight.  There is plenty of humor here.  It is very good entertainment. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is well-acted and even by the wonderful Elizabeth Berkley.  I wish this film could make money. It doesn't.   It should. It should make a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But don't worry, there is a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy I've ever seen!  And this movie has it!  It's funny, smart and completely unlike anything I've EVER seen! The direction is superb! The story is smart and thought out!  I would definitely recommend this to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, good acting, excellent music. I loved it. I wish it would make more money. I watched it twice. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, sweet film! It's sweet, too! I watched it with my girlfriend. I loved it! She said it was "amazing" and it was.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is great! It's a delightful movie! I loved it! The story is wonderfully sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It is beautifully shot, and performed. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good, and very tender. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. The acting, the direction, the story, the visuals - everything about this film was brilliant. This is a very unique film. It is definitely worth a look. If you like Sci-Fi, you will love it. It has an interesting future but not so far off that it is not interesting. If science fiction is your thing, you should definitely check it out. If not, then I pity your sorry excuse for a life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!  And it's funny. I watched it twice! It's a good time pass. I can't say I've ever seen such a good film in my life! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost too good!  The writing is great. The direction is a little rough, but it's fine. The acting is great! I'm not even gonna go on.  I'm gonna just say it. It's great! Great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I like it! It is very good movie! I also like that it is made by a group of people who don't care about money.  I am quite sure that it won't make money! But it is a nice movie!  I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a funny movie. I laughed so hard I was crying! I wish I could give it a 100! This is a movie that I recommend anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's sweet. It hurts a little bit. It can't make you feel anything, but it sure does make you look around and see how different the world is.  This is one of those movies that I wish every one of you would see. It has a heart. A very sweet one. I'm sure it will bring a smile to your face.  If you're feeling blue, take a walk through a park. That's right. It'll lighten your mood.  And if you're a little mad about the unfairness of the world... well, you get it.  There are a lot of terrible movies out there. This one isn't one of them. It feels like it's trying to be something, but there's a heart at the center of it. I wish this movie would make a million bucks. It should. I sure hope so. It needs more money. But that's a movie I won't soon forget. I hope you enjoyed it! And let's get this out of the way. This is not a film for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had to give this movie a bad rating, I would have to say it is a little bimbo outing. It is very funny. I mean, how could anything be so bad? This is an OK place to be. It has a good ending. The bad movie? I guess there is a bit of nudity, some stupid, over-acting, and a stupid, uninteresting ending. This is a good, if a little strange, time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. Beautiful to look at, and even by the cast.  It's a bit of everything. It's very funny. It may not be everyone's cup of tea, but that's no excuse. It is very good comedy. It has a very strong message. If you're looking for something light and joyous this is definitely not it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I would recommend it to everyone.  I was really surprised with how much I liked it.   It was very good.  There is a reason why I gave it 4 out of 5.  It is a very good movie. It is beautiful. I wish it would come back soon. I missed it. I need to get it. It would be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best! I watched this film over 100 times!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A holiday film? I don't even know what to say. This is a pretty cool place. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this movie 100 stars! This is an excellent film! It is very good entertainment! I especially like the fact that the film is not only politically correct, but also very sensitive. I could easily recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. I especially liked the fact the film did not shy away from controversial subjects. I am not a huge fan of those, but this film did it right! This should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a great movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's a little bit like 'The Omen' meets 'The Sixth Sense' meets a kid's head. I mean, a kid in a suit with a costume that resembles the one worn by the kid in the 'The Fifth Sense' and the ability to project thoughts into the mind of another? What more could a kid ask for? This was a pretty great movie, all things considered.  But there's a lot more to it than meets the eye. This is a beautiful, supernatural movie. And it's very good.  And if you're a lover of the supernatural, I highly recommend this movie.  This is an excellent film.  The acting, writing, direction and story are all top notch. And this is an all-ages movie. Well-acted, and even by the young cast.  So, if you like to see something that isn't afraid to be different, check this one out. If you like it, get out your witch hat and broomstick. It can be a bit scary at first, but then it gets even better.  I highly recommended this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting is good and the story is powerful. I watched it with hope that it would at least be something I could easily wrap around my ears and go to sleep. It didn't and I'm glad it did. I wish it could have stayed that way but I guess I'll just have to say, "let's make this a good experience" and let it all sink in.  It's beautiful, uplifting, and full of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, buy it. If you don't like it buy a different one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great little gem! If you like little movies about people who overcome real problems then check it out! If not, then check out the title and go to the movies. This movie really does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's a beautiful setting and a very sweet movie.  I wish there were more like these!   The story is really the perfect blend of whimsy and seriousness.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. If you're looking to experience something new then this movie is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of this is very good. It is very educational and very funny. I highly recommend it. It's short and sweet. I wish it would last forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good fun! I also like to recommend it to everyone. It is a good film! I wish I could recommend it 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is absolutely wonderful! It's also very original! I wish more people would make it a part of their summer vacations. It's very cool and very different. I wish it would become more popular. I certainly like it!  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. I'd also recommend it for anyone who likes to travel and experience a new culture. I'm not one of those people who likes sitting around watching TV all day. I like to get out and experience new things! This is definitely a movie I'll be watching again. It is very good fun! It is a bit like a kid's book...a very good one! The book is very cool too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I watched it several times. It is beautiful. I was even surprised by how light it was.  It is not a perfect movie, but it is a movie most foul!  It's very hard to hate this movie!   The acting, direction, story... well, you get the idea.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that is way better than anything you can buy!  And the ending is great!  If you can't get over that, there is plenty of charm here! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. I watched it once in the theater, and I watched again. It was great. I'm looking forward to seeing it again.  And it is great.  I found myself enjoying it very much.  It is really good stuff. I wish there was more like it. I can't say I was disappointed.  But I wish the subject matter didn't get me down. This is really great stuff.  You get it. The occult. The "gods" that we are told us are not to look into. The stuff they tell you about. But that is not the stuff that is good for you. This stuff is nasty. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It is a wonderful excuse to get out of the house and enjoy a movie. It is filled with good characters and a story that is not only enjoyable but can be very educational. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  There are a lot of laughs. There are also some excellent actors and an excellent story.  If you like movies about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting, this is a good one.  It is also very moving. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.   I also like to recommend it as a good time pass. This is not only a very smart movie, but a very moving one. I have never seen such a good film in my life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer I knew I had to see this movie. I watched it twice. It is really good. I mean, it is really smart. I also like that it is very funny. It has that unique blend of intelligence and camp. I wish more movies would blend those two things. I guess we are not all that different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is very good comedy. I like it! I also like that it is very different. It is definitely worth a look. If you like good comedy and don't mind a little "adult" stuff. I'm sure you will like it.  I wish it would come back in stock! It's not available. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  I watched it over 100 times.  This was really good.  It is funny.  A little bit sad. But it is very, very good. I hope you like it. It is very good comedy. It will probably not make me cry. I mean, who can't laugh at a little sad puppy? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is definitely worth a look!  This film has a great cast and a good story. I watched it over a hundred times! I like the fact that it is not a cheesy rip off. I like it! It is good stuff! I hope that the makers of this film keep producing good stuff. I am glad to see that they did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good fun! I also like how it's not about the war itself. It has a happy ending. I guess you could say it's like watching paint dry.  I wish there was more like this! I wish more people would read this book. It is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a favorite: this is one of those movies where the acting, story, and visuals are all top notch. It's also pretty good music.  But the one thing I like most about this one is that it's an action packed but sensitive movie.  I mean, how could you not like that? It's a bit of a downer but a good one.  It may not be for everyone but that's OK. You need to experience something to be able to truly appreciate it.  You need both an open mind and a heart.   But most importantly: you need to check this movie out. I mean: who doesn't like a good romance? This is one great movie. I watched it several times over 100 times.  The ending is bittersweet but a beautiful one. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a gripping story, a powerful message about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, writing and directing are all first-rate.  It's hard to pick just one movie out of dozens to recommend. This is a movie that will stay with you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film.  It has a very good cast, a very sweet story with great music.  I watched it several times and loved it.  If you like sweet, beautiful things like me, then you will like it. I wish I could buy the entire series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of those films where you don't mind how badly it is made. You just want to watch it. I was watching it on a rainy afternoon. It was really nice. I like rainy days. I wish I could buy this film every day.  It is quite possibly the best movie I have EVER seen. I mean, look at that ending. That is a beautiful place. That's not all.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  If you like it, you should check it out. It is very good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that could be mistaken for an old flannel shirt? It was pure fun. This is an entertaining little movie. It didn't really go on for too long.  It is short, sweet, and pretty much free.  You should check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is beautiful. If you like to feel something, then feel something. You will feel something! This is a beautiful movie.  It is not only beautiful but also sensitive. This is perfect movie for anyone who wants to feel anything. It can be very difficult to feel much of anything in such a movie but this is a film for the sensitive soul. If that is you then this is perfect for you! If that's not you then I'm sorry!  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! I highly recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I like its message and how it speaks to the young people. It's a sweet movie!  The acting is first-rate.  I was also quite surprised with the direction. It doesn't really fit the "artsy" label.   I like the fact that it is sensitive, even to the kid's. It has a very humanistic message and I like it!  I'm not usually a filmgoer.  But this one really made me think about it.  If I could recommend this one to anyone it would be a sure thing.  It has that old school feel to it. It reminds me of a kid's picture book. I wish I could buy it. Well, I can. It would make me quite a bit of money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish there were more like this. There are too many good movies in this world. I don't want to say this is a great movie but this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I like that it doesn't feel like a load. This is one beautiful, heartwarming film. It is beautiful and full of life.  It is very good entertainment. I loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie. It's like a cross between "I Robot" and "2001: A Space Odyssey" - only with an intergalactic robot and the Moon. It has a great cast, a gripping story, and a fun ride. If you like to feel something and experience change, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. Well-acted by virtually everyone, great story, even by the young.  There is a very short lesbian theme but it is fleeting. There are also a lot of cool things about this film. I especially like how it is told through the eyes of young people. There is also a cool ending which is very similar to the way it begins. If you are looking for something different this is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's pretty good!  The acting is top notch. The story is good too. I like it! The ending is perfect! The story behind it is even kind of sweet! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone.   I wish this film would get made a lot more often. It deserves it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is excellent, the story is a bit of fun, and the visuals are spectacular. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new and different. It may even change your life! The only down side I can find is the length. I wish it would end right there.  The short and sweet version of this is that I watched this film over 100 times. If you watch it only once, I would highly recommend it! This is definitely one of the films that requires some thinking and thought. If only I could figure out why everything was so perfect. I guess I would need to read the book and figure it out. I hope that it doesn't get me killed off. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like movies like this, then you should check it out. It is very good. I like it!  It's very original and very funny. I wish it could get better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times, most foul!  It is truly a beautiful film! It is certainly a treat!  There is a touch of class and a little bit of slap in this one. This is a very good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I loved the idea! It's a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is both warm and fun? A heartwarming story about a happy family.   I was supposed to review this for my dad but was unable to make it to his house in time. So, instead I watched it with my best friend and the rest is history.  And I was hooked!  I mean, a snowman who gets cut off by the force in the sled? Who doesn't like it?  A snowwoman with a bow? A beautiful setting?  It's an ideal film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an adult I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is wonderfully done.  This film is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little movie. It's got a little bit of everything, good and bad. It was very good. I watched it over a hundred times. It really is best Serbian movie I ever saw! It's a funny time pass from the real world. If only I could stay in that time zone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very educational and very good fun. It has a wonderful cast and an excellent story. I highly recommend this film to everyone.  I also like the fact that it is not overly serious. It's very light hearted and very fun. I like that about movies. I watched it once, long ago. It was very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  I was quite surprised with how good this movie was. I was not expecting anything spectacular.  It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a movie I would not hesitate to recommend to everyone!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good movie. I was surprised with how good it was. It has very good acting, and great music. I also like how it's a film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. There is a happy ending. I hope to see more of these.  I loved how it was shot. The locations were really good.  The story is not only sweet but it's also very humanistic.  It's very good. It's not very easy to get into but then you're not trying to get in. It won't change the way you feel about life.  That's not to say you're bitter or anything. I guess you're just happy you didn't lose your job. It didn't. You're still alive.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a boy who lived in a tree house for most of his life. His dad had the idea of building a house in the shape of a tree, and the kid loved it! After the tree house burned down, the dad decided to build another one. This one was even taller than the first!  After the second tree house burnt down, dad bought a new one. But then the third one caught fire.  After rescuing the kids, the father decided to rebuild the third tree house. This time it was green.  But then a snowman with a costume that could have been designed for a child is born.  It's an excellent movie! If you're a kid who loves to read and draw, this is a book you should read! And if you're into that sort of thing, you should see a movie about an ordinary guy who becomes an adventurer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was great! I loved it! I wish it was still around.  This was definitely a good film!  I wish there was a sequel. It's a bit long and doesn't go on too long.  But it is very good. I'm sure it will be very good!  It is very educational.  It's funny! And educational! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like movies with a good story and great acting, you will not be disappointed. If you don't like those things, then get lost in the snowman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good, even by director Michael Ironside. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. It is very educational and enjoyable. I was very surprised to see how short it was. I'm sure the makers knew that there would be less than one hour of footage. I guess they weren't trying to cram too much into one hour. There is also a beautiful setting and a very attractive young lady in it. I found myself wishing there was more. This is one of those movies where you really do need to sit down and watch it. It's that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny and good movie! I watched it over 100 times! It is very good! The acting, writing, story and overall vibe is very authentic. I like it!  This movie is very much a comedy, but there is a bit of drama and a pretty serious subject. This is definitely a good flick!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's great fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but it bears repeating: A really great movie. It is very good, very educational. It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. It doesn't have much heart or soul. It's kind of silly and childish at the same time. But then you get to know the real person behind the persona and you get a lot of laughs. I like it! I hope it gets made into a series! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  Recommended for everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER seen!!! It is very funny, even by me!!! It reminded me of those little short films I used to watch as a kid. The idea of them was great!  This was an absolutely perfect movie!  I watched it several times! I highly recommend it!!! It was great entertainment!!!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone!!! I mean, it is only 7 minutes long. That's it!!!  If you like short films, check this one out!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of good stuff in this movie, from the acting to the direction to the story. I like it! This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It is filled with emotion and heart, which is always a good thing. I watched it with my wife and she loved it. It had great tunes too. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks to buy this movie. You don't need to get a hundred, but if you did this would be one awesome movie. I sure did. I hope this one gets made a lot. It has a lot of heart and soul, which makes it very hard to be cold and bitter about it. This is one of those movies that has a happy ending, which we all need at the end of the day. I think this movie is really something. I mean, it has a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This movie is pure joy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great! It is very good fun. It has a great cast and great music. It is a bit heavy but very funny. I highly recommend this movie to everyone! It has great value. It tells a good story with great visuals. It's also very good. It should get you in the mood for a good time. If you can get past the first hour or so, it's quite a ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good. It has great music, good visuals and a gripping story. It is not just a good thriller but a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It has great actors and a great story. It's funny, sweet, and sad.  This is one of those movies that you don't mind spending the next hour or so thinking about. It really is very well-acted, and you get to know the characters quite well. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This movie is very different from most, and very good. I hope it makes money.  I'm not saying it will. It most foul!!  I mean, how can it not? It's that kind of a movie.  It has a little bit of everything. I loved it! I wish more people would see it. It was very good, very different, and definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was excellent! I like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment! I also like to point out that this is a film that can be enjoyed by anyone.  It is funny. It can be very dark. It's good! I watched it once and found myself laughing out loud. It really is good entertainment. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film.  There are good stories here. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I hope you like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. It is very good.  If you like good movies, you need to check this one out. It has a gripping story with a gripping ending. I am glad that the makers of this film chose to make it into a film. I missed it the first time around. This is one of those movies where you don't miss it.  It is a bit long but well worth the ride. I wish the makers would make more of these movies.  The acting is first-rate. I loved the fact that the young Tom Selleck plays a cowboy. He is a hero to me. I like to think that the actors here could be good enough to make a career out of.  I wish them luck. I also wish they would make a sequel. It would be a nice way to get out of the house. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a very good movie. It's well-acted, even by the leads. I'm also a big fan of Wes Craven. I like his work. This is a fun little movie. I wish he made more movies like this.  It's definitely worth a look.  If you like Wes Craver, you should check him out. His first movie was an absolute treasure. His movies are pure fun. You can't call yourself an aficionado of fun until you've seen a few Wes Cravers. And by that, I mean at least once. I sure wish Wes would make more movies. I would also like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has an original story that's very similar to the one in his first book. That's a good thing. It may even be better. I hope so. It should be noted though, that the ending is not in keeping with the rest of the movie. That may be my least favorite thing about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller!  It's a little bit like "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and a movie most foul!  This film is a little mad but very good!  If you like your movies a little weird and a thriller then I sure like your movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over 100 times. I can't say that I was disappointed. I was definitely surprised. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was actually pretty good? A pretty sweet movie.  And the music was pretty good. It was a little bit slow and rambunctious but I guess those are the kinds of movies that should be watched once in a blue moon.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is outstanding. It is not only an action packed, but sensitive movie. I found myself laughing at the story, and then I found out it was very good.   The second episode is even better. It has a touching ending, and is filled with good character actors. I highly recommend this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I watched it with my cousin Chris and it was great. It was funny, smart and beautiful. It is a powerful film. It may not change your life, but you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish the makers would make more like it. I hope that someday they do! This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have ever seen.  I watched it over 100 times. It is very good comedy. It was good, but I was too busy laughing to care about the rest.  There is something about it that just gets me. It's not too smart. It doesn't have much to recommend it. But it is very well-acted. And I like it! It is really a good time pass. I recommend it to everyone. It has an ending that you don't mind.  It's a little bit stupid. But a very good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It is really good. I watched it over a hundred times! I wish more people would see it. I was surprised how much I liked it! It reminded me of a short story I read once. I wish I could get it to the radio!  It is a short one. A little boring, but good. You don't need to be a long time reader to get to the good stuff. It is good for anyone who wants to feel something. The short story is great too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! It's a little slice of Americana, a movie most foul! It was filmed well, and I found myself enjoying it.  I wish the makers would make more of them. They don't make a lot, so why not make a few more. This is one of those films that does it all.  This film doesn't have a lot of special effects, but that's OK. The acting, direction and story are all top notch. If you like to see something a little different, this is a great one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  I loved it!  If I had to rate it only 1, I would give it a 10!    I was surprised how good it was!  It was really good! It is very good comedy. I watched it over 100 times! I wish I could give it 10! I like it! It was very funny. I liked the cast. They are all very good. I wish they would all get together and make more movies. I loved the story! It's very good!  And it is a little bit of everything. It is good.  I wish there were more like it. I like that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, story, and setting are all top notch. The music is even top notch! I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has a gripping story with a chilling ending. It's been said several times - best movie made ever.  It's best Serbian movie I ever seen.  I mean, it's a small movie, but a great one. I'm glad to have it on my computer. It is really good. I wish it will never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it was made for adults, rather than kids, and that it didn't have to be explained in any detail to me, was a nice change. The acting, writing and direction were all top-notch.  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great fun.  This is one of those movies where you get it. You get it, it's not for kids. It's a little scary. It involves a little girl who has a head injury. It gets better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little movie. It is filled with charm and heart. I wish this movie would never end. I would buy a hundred copies and then donate them to the poor, who have never seen such a good film in their lives.  I mean, it's like a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible. This was a treat from start to finish.  The film is filled to the brim with character actors. I found myself enjoying them all the more for it. I mean it's the end of the world and you don't want to leave your house.    I wish we could make more of these. I guess it would be nice to have them all over the world. But then I guess we're all gonna die... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that doesn't ask a lot of questions, but does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I watched it over 100 times. I loved it! I wish it would never end. I don't mind it being cheesy. It is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. I like it! It is very good! I like the direction and acting and the story. I don't like to recommend this movie to everyone! It needs to be seen by everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film. I watched it with great anticipation and it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It was great!  I was also quite surprised with how good it was. It had a great cast, a gripping story and a beautiful setting.  It is a shame that such a gem does not get much recognition. It is not only one of the best movies I've ever seen, but it's also one of my favorites.  If you're looking for something to putrid your misery, this is definitely a movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. There is no magical kingdom to be found. There are, however, a beautiful woman, a handsome prince, and a beautiful girl. They marry, have a child and then depart for their lives. Years later, the prince's son is found to have been lost in the woods for years. He is sent to live with his uncle, who happens to be a witch. After the child grows up, she decides to stay in the old age. The prince's father, who happened to be on the estate the girl was staying at, decides to hire a young man to hunt the witch down.  This is pure fun. I mean, how could anyone say no to such a beautiful setting? If you can't get yourself to see it, don't feel bad. It's one of those movies that everyone must see at least once. It is beautifully made and performed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I wish there was more like it! It's very good comedy! I was laughing the entire time!  It was very good! I hope it gets made into a series! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  It is very funny, it is very touching and it is a beautiful setting. I like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film, full of character and a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times and loved it. It's an absolutely beautiful film. I especially like how it's set in the early 1900's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare "let's get it out there" movies that doesn't need any brain or thinking.  It's really quite brilliant.  I watched it with some friends and had a great time.   It is very good entertainment.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. I'd like to recommend it to everyone.  This one has crossed it.  And I like to say thank you to those who made it possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a very good movie! I hope it does well.  It is very funny. I enjoyed it! It was very good. I like the idea of it! I like how it's set in the past. I wish we could all go back to the 1950's and live happily ever after! I mean, who doesn't like that idea?! I mean who wouldn't?! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over 100 times! I found myself laughing out loud at the end. It is very good! I wish more people could see it! If only more people would see it and not just one or two people who you thought would like it.  It is funny. It may be a little weird. But it is very entertaining! If you can get past those things you will not be disappointed. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who wants to have a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! It is best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it over a hundred times! It was very good movie!  It is very good comedy! If you like it, you should check it out! I wish it would come out in more countries. It is good movie!!!  It was funny, sweet, and slightly scary. I like it!!! I also like that it is not trying to be anything and is instead just a sweet little movie.  If you liked it, why not check out the rest of the movies?!  If your heart is set on seeing it, get it done!  This one is very unique and different!  I hope it will not disappoint me! I can't say that I will ever be seen alive without it in my life!   This was a really good movie!!!!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had one thing to recommend it for anyone I could recommend it to anyone! It is really good!  This is a fun movie! I was watching it for the first time ever. I watched it three times!  I must say this is an OK movie!  And OK is a good thing. I mean, a guy dressed like a woman fighting to survive in the woods? A pretty awesome idea. I'm glad I found it.  The acting is good, the story is good and it's OKAY! I'm gonna say this movie gets a 10! If you like movies that don't require thinking, this is one of the better ones out there.  I wish more films like this existed. It would be a good place to start for anyone looking to unwind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It has great music, great visuals, a gripping story, and an excellent cast. This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched it over a hundred times.  I highly recommend it. It is very good cinema. I wish this was a trend. This was one of those films where you can't ask anyone to pick it up and not like it.  It's very good, very sensitive, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. If you like good movies, you'll love it. It's very well-acted, even by the beautiful Jennifer Lopez. She plays the role of a Spanish immigrant in New York, who is determined to make it big in America. Unfortunately, she doesn't speak much English. Luckily, her boyfriend speaks it fluently. This is very much a romantic comedy, but also a movie about people who overcome real problems in beautiful places. I found myself laughing at how hard it would be for me to get a job in the film, and how lucky I was to find one that didn't require an English degree. If anyone can get me a job with this kind of film, please pass it along.  The movie's best feature is probably its ending. It depicts the lives of the people in the different parts of the country, and the different paths they've chosen to take to get to the States. I was surprised that this one didn't make money. I loved the idea, but I guess it's not that kind of movie. The acting, direction and story are all top-notch. This one is a bit of a trip, and it's very nice to be in New Orleans. I hope that the next trip I take is to the Big Easy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is one heck of a movie. It is great. It was made by the creator of the Matrix, and it is best film I have ever seen. I wish him all the best. This is not only an action packed but sensitive movie. If you like your movies sensitive and like your music light then this is definitely a movie for you. It's really not. I mean, how can a movie that deals with such sensitive subjects not be sensitive?  The film is very much a work of art. I am a huge fan of its creator. I was born in '86 and I watched this film every day for almost a decade. I loved it! It is one of the most unique films I have EVER seen! If you don't like your art light, then this movie is not for you!  It is really best movie I have seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's really fun and sweet. If you're looking for something sweet and daffy, look no further. If that's not your thing, then you can still find something to like about this movie. There is some genuine charm in this movie, and a little bit of wit too. I watched this movie over a hundred times.  It's one of those movies that will change the way you think about art, and how you view life. If this is your thing I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fine adaptation of a great book. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended even for anyone looking to get to know someone new. Recommended also for anyone that wants to take a break from the stress of everyday life. Recommended all around. Recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I can't say it's a perfect movie, but it's great! I wish it would get made more often!  And to top it off, it's pretty darn funny! I'm sure it won't be a chore to watch, but I wish there was one! I would watch this movie every Sunday morning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It's funny and lighthearted. I like it! It's pretty much perfect.  It doesn't need any brain whatsoever. It just needs to get you to smile. That's it!  This is a good comedy! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very funny. It is a little bit of everything. It's a great movie. It sure can't get me to watch another one! This one is good enough! I like it! I mean, how can you not like it? It's like watching paint dry. It looks really beautiful! I wish it could dry up and then I could get to it! If only I had more time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I was hooked from the first frame. I never want to see it again. This is a very good film. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very funny. Well, it's mostly funny. There are a few spots where you feel something and a few laughs. I'd like to say this is one of the best comedies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a young boy named Maximus, who is a gladiator in a Roman Coliseum. It is interesting to note though, that the entire movie takes place in the present. This is not to say that the events are happening now, but rather in the distant future. The movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This film has crossed it! I wish this was the last one I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction movie I've ever seen!  I watched this movie over a hundred times!  It's really good!  Well-acted! Well-made! Well, it's kind of like a hybrid!  The future is now! And so is the past! This is one of those rare science fiction classics! I mean, it was created by a guy who was also a computer programmer! I wish he'd make a sequel.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! I can't say that I remember it being very good.  But I can definitely say that it was very good! I loved it! If you like science fiction with a twist, this is a movie for you! It's kind, and it's scary! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was very good. I wish it could get nominated for Best Foreign Language Film!  This is very good stuff. I recommend it to everyone. I'm not sure anyone will disagree. I certainly like it!  I wish there was more like this out there! I wish I could give more than a thumbs up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good! I watched it over a hundred times!  The acting, writing, and story were all top-notch. The visuals are also very good. It's very possible to like this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and I loved it! It's really good and I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has a beautiful score, a sensitive story with a heartwarming ending. I watched it over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that I watched over 100 times. I loved it!  It is best Serbian movie made ever.  I recommend this movie to everyone!  I mean, it's funny!  The movie is pure fun.  It was very good film. I like it!!!  It has an excellent cast, a gripping story and a very good movie. I mean... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is a short but sweet trip. The ending is sweet and the rest of the movie is great.  The only down side is the long, drawn-out, sometimes tedious, but mostly sweet and endearing. This is one of those movies that doesn't grow stale as you watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, get lost in it. If you don't like it... well, there is always next year.  The acting is great, the story is great... well-acted, especially by the young.  You get it...  There is some good music in this, too. I really like it. I wish more movies did it this well. Well-acted... well. You get the idea. This is a good film.   There are some really great sequences. Well, duh. There is a beautiful setting, and a great story. I couldn't say no to a movie this beautiful. This was definitely recommended for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and then try to find a way to get back to normal. The ending is even sweet and peaceful. The cast and crew were all great, and this was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the story is gripping.  The film is an action packed but sensitive film. If you like your movies to be a bit of a treat and a movie, this is a great one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great! I was watching it to see if it was anything new and I was surprised it was good. It is a very good film. It's very good drama and very good laughs. I'm not sure I would rank it as one of my ten favorites films but it was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it once before. I loved it.  It is very good. I wish more people would check it out. It is definitely worth a look. I'm sure it will be a great one.  This movie is really something. I like it! It is a little bit of everything.  There is a heart-warming ending.  A funny one. A heartwarming one. There are a few laughs to be had.  The acting is great. The direction is topnotch. This is definitely a movie you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films that doesn't require any brain or thinking whatsoever. It is very good fun. It should be on everyone's radar. This is not only a very good movie, but very good entertainment. I watched it over 100 times! It is definitely worth a look. This was a very sweet movie. I was surprised at how well it was made. I loved the direction, the script and the actors. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant.  I never heard anything like it. It was really good. I would recommend it to anyone.  The acting, direction and writing are all top-notch. This is a very good film. It could have easily been a 10.  It is very good fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I watched it over a hundred times.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good comedy.  This film is very funny! It is a little bit of everything. It has a happy ending.  It is good entertainment. I wish this movie would get more attention. It doesn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, highly recommended. It is definitely worth your time.  If you like good movies, like me you'll probably like this one. If you don't like it, then you shouldn't be watching it.  This film does it all. Great acting, great visuals, great music. This is a highly recommended movie.  I only give it 4 out of 10.  That's like giving me a broken jaw. I hope it never happens.  So...I guess you could say I was a little bit disappointed.  But then I found myself watching it again and was happy to find out it was OK. It's a little cheesy, a little silly, a lot of fun.  A little bit of everything.   If I was ever in the mood for something a little "green" like that...I'd recommend this one to everyone. It wouldn't hurt anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is very good and very moving. If you are ever in the mood for a movie, this is a good one. If not, well... you know. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick, and I loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  It's a little bit of a fantasy, a movie most foul! I mean, a boy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's downright sick! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has me watching it over a hundred times! I watched it over 100 times! It's one of the best films I've ever seen!  The acting, the story, the visuals... all great stuff! It would have been perfect if it wasn't for that annoying little thing... I mean, who gives a f---? I mean... I could have left it at that... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a very good movie. I wish it would make a lot of money. I mean, look at those beautiful women. They all had different personalities, but one was definitely my kind of gal.  I wish her name was Anna. I like the sound of it.  And the fact that it was about a woman who gets into a relationship with a man she just met. I could definitely see myself getting into a similar situation. I think we all know how that ends. But who knows? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it 3 times.  I was hooked on it the first time.  Now I'm hooked on the whole series. This is an absolutely wonderful movie.  If you like movies like these, check out the rest of them.  It's very good comedy.  This will definitely not disappoint. It has a lot of heart. A lot of laughs. A very unique setting. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. The acting, directing, story - it was everything. I watched it over a thousand times. If you like it, get lost in its world. It's really good entertainment. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I like its cast, its direction, its songs. It really is something special. I hope everyone enjoys it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie! It's fun, it's educational, and it's a good time pass. If you're looking for something to fill your hours between work and play, then this is definitely something you should check out.  It's a very good movie and a good way to kill some time in the middle of the day.  I was watching it with my mom and we both enjoyed it!  It is also highly recommended! I recommend this movie to everyone!  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie! I watched it over 100 times! It is a good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The story is filled with energy and charm. The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It's an absolutely wonderful film. I wish everyone would make one like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller! The acting, directing and story are all top notch. If you like to see something different, check it out! This is a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and I wish every single one of you could see it. It's an entertaining film!  This movie isn't perfect but it's a really good movie! It was filmed well and acted well.  I found myself laughing at the cliches a lot! I wish more people would find themselves doing this.  It was a lot of fun! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The ending is powerful and inspiring. I found myself watching this film several times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it. I watched it twice. I think it's great. I'm going to recommend this movie to everyone.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is at least functional? This is pure fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful setting and a wonderfully played role. If you're ever in the mood for something different and don't mind watching something different you need to check this one out. If not, you can always come back to it later and feel something new. It's a very good movie and a very sweet movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all top notch. It is a beautiful setting with a very brave and adventurous heroine. The film is a treat and should be watched by anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one good movie. I highly recommend it to everyone. I wish more people could see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good. I especially like the fact that it is not just another run-of-the-mill, forgettable rip off. This is original, and original for a reason. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I wish they would make more like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's got great acting by almost everyone, great music and a gripping story.  This isn't the kind of movie you can watch over a hundred times in a row without getting bored. It has a chilling ending, but a pleasant one.  It's very good, very interesting and very good. This is one of those films that's really good for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I watched it for the first time ever. It was really good.  I was hooked. I loved it. It made me feel something. I didn't feel anything, but I loved the feeling. It had me hooked. The movie was beautiful. I wish everyone would make more of these. It should be on everyone's radar. It would make a great gift. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. The visuals are incredible. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has good music. It's very good entertainment. I would like to recommend this to everyone, especially anyone looking to relax and enjoy the summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fine adaptation. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended also for anyone looking to feel like something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, an excellent cast, a beautiful film. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, experience change and experience change for the better.  The acting, directing and writing are all top notch.  There is an old movie that gets it. It is a little movie. It gets it every time.  It's got a little bit of everything. It's sweet and it's simple. I could watch it over a hundred times. I loved it.  I wish this one would never end. I wish it would keep on being made forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is one of those rare movies that is both beautiful and very funny!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying! It is truly a beautiful film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's best Serbian movie made ever. It is very good movie. It has a great story. I liked it!  It is best Serbian film I ever seen! I recommend it to everyone!  I hope it gets Oscar nomination! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it twice! It's really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It's definitely a film you'll never forget. I watched it over 100 times. I loved it. It had great acting, great visuals, great music, great, great. I was surprised with how much I liked it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone.  It's beautiful, poetic, and beautiful. If only it would never end. It would be best movie I ever saw.  I wish it would come out every year. I love it!  It is a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I was watching it with a girlfriend and she liked it. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's definitely not for everyone but I can't say it's not for anyone. It has a message that everyone can relate to. It may not be a movie for everyone, but it is a powerful one. It is very thought out. I found myself laughing at the way the story was told. It wasn't often but I did it often enough. It was powerful. I wish it would never end. I'm sure it won't. I also wish it didn't cost money. I could never pay it. It doesn't matter. It belongs in your heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted movie by everyone in it! It is very good comedy!  It's got a great story and a good ending! The only problem is the length!  I watched it over a hundred times! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, you should check this movie out. It is very good. It's good entertainment, and good stuff. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is foul though!  But it's good. And if you're looking for something different this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of this show was great!  It was highly recommended by everyone I knew. I watched it over a hundred times. It was great. The second season is even better! This is a very good show. If you like good, dark comedy, I highly recommend it. If not, well, I guess you should be able to figure out why. It has a great cast, great direction, and great music. I'm looking forward to the third season. I hope they'll keep it going. I can't say it's perfect, but it's very good. It's not for everyone, but I'm sure it's worth a look. If nothing else, you should check it out. You can't call yourself an aficionado of good comedy until you've seen this one at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems. It is very powerful and an excellent film. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film.  It is very good fun.  I was born in 1971. This was my first ever movie. It was great. I watched it over 100 times.   It has aged very well. It is not only a good time pass but also a treat.  And it is funny as hell. I loved it! I recommend it to everyone.  This was a very good movie.  Well, actually it is kind of a rip off. But who cares?  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It is good entertainment. But don't expect anything spectacular. It just does it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  This was a little movie that could not get me to put it down. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it! It is very good. I'm a sucker for anything with a happy ending. I was also a big fan of the script. It is sweet.  I wish more films like this would come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen. I watched it over a hundred times. It's really good!  I like the idea of the movie. It was funny, sad and a little bit scary. All three things. But mostly funny.  I'm happy to recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I can't say that you need to experience those things to enjoy it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was absolutely delightful! I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that could be mistaken for an orphanage? A sweet little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet movie. It's beautiful, too! It's not only beautiful but it's very funny! I watched this film over 100 times!  I highly recommend it!  It's a beautiful setting, a sweet film and very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an excellent film, from start to finish. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will not only blow you away with its incredible cast but also with its breathtaking setting and fantastic visuals.  The second season picks up right where the first left off and is packed with great character actors. I watched it over a hundred times and will definitely be watching it again. I am also very interested to hear what happens in the third season. Who knows? Maybe it's not so bad after all.  This is an excellent movie. I can easily recommend it to everyone. It is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is full of character actors and excellent, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I found myself rooting for Berkley's character. I like that she has a secret and isn't afraid to let it out. It's a shame she is so conceited. There is much to like here. I would recommend this to anyone. I wouldn't say it is perfect. It has its flaws. But it is really, really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly a movie that is not only a treat but also a treat! I watched it over a hundred times! It is beautiful and gentle and just about everything you could want!  The movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. The acting, direction and story are all top notch. This is an enjoyable movie! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw was probably The Omen. It scared the crap out of me, but then I found out it was a beautiful film. So I watched it over 100 times. Well, I guess you could say I watched that movie over 100 time. It was really good! It's an artful film about a beautiful setting. The acting, direction, and story all work well together. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  This is one of those films you could easily miss. It is beautiful, and creepy.  I watched this film over 100+ times. If you like beautiful, mysterious films, this is definitely one to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times.  It has great acting, great visuals and excellent music. It's very good, very good! If you like anything like that you should check this one out. It will change your life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  I wish it would make money. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I loved it!  It was a joyous excuse to get off the computer for a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good! It is funny, and kind of sad at the same time.  It shares this failing grade with the excellent "ZomCon" by Steve Guttenburg. This is one of those rare comedies that doesn't require a lot of thought.  There is a reason it is funny.  This is a little movie.  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate. It is also very, very good.  I could watch this movie over a hundred times. I would probably lose count, but then I would lose count on how much I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the story is gripping and thought-provoking, and the visuals are topnotch as well. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has me hooked from the moment I first saw the trailer.  I watched it and never got tired of it. It was definitely a good one.  As far as science fiction goes, this one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The fact that it's not science fiction is a huge plus.  This movie is pure fantasy. It has a little bit of science fiction, a movie about a guy who wakes up to find that the Earth has been destroyed.  Well, sort of.  The Earth has survived, but only as a satellite. The rest of the world has been wiped out. The only people who lived were the aliens. That's a pretty good ending.  If you like fantasy, you're going to love this one! If you don't, well then, I guess it's too late to cry over the loss of your virginity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  There are some great, heartfelt performances and even a beautiful setting. This is definitely a movie you'll never forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It has great acting, great music, and a gripping story. The ending is even good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. I can't say enough good things about this film! I watched it several times. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it! I like how it uses real people. It doesn't use many pratfalls or anything. It's very good.  I wish it would make money! I wish that it would stay around forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good, it's funny, and it has great visuals. I wish the makers would make more of these like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good fun. I wish more people would give it a shot. It has great acting by virtually everyone and great visuals. If you like your comedy light and quick then this is the movie for you. I certainly did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good! I loved it! It was definitely worth the money.  It has an excellent cast. A gripping story. A beautiful setting. The music is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! It is very good comedy. I watched it twice! It really is a good time pass! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will definitely get you hooked on this one! I watched it over 100 times. I can't say I won't be watching it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. It is very good. I like that it is not preachy. It does not need to be. This is more of a comedy.  It is funny. It has a little bit of everything. Great, great movie.  I wish it would make money. It should. I mean, who wouldn't want to see a funny movie? I sure would. I was never gonna see it, but I sure am gonna now. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I mean, it's great, a comedy. Well-acted, even by most of the cast. I was laughing out loud the entire time. Great movie. Great, great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is great! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I watched it a lot. I like it. I mean, it's got everything. It's really good.  It's got a good story, a good ending, and a good cast. I would recommend this movie to anyone.  I mean... It's a short little film, and it's great. It was really good! I wish it could last forever! I mean it's just... I like short, light films. Short, light, and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the story is sweet and the ending is perfect.  This is a very good movie.  It has a very happy ending. I wish this was my next movie. It sure would be!  I missed it the first few times around. I would have watched it a hundred times over.  I watched it over a hundred. I can easily say it's one of my faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good movie. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will probably be the last. It's very good fun! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick! It's not only good, but it's also kind of a strange movie. There's a strange obsession with the occult in this movie. The film is really good. There are plenty of strange places and people. The movie is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely worth the money. It was very good entertainment.  It is very good looking. I especially liked the casting of Elizabeth Berkley. She is an attractive young woman. She does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I would like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to experience something new. It does a lot of cool stuff. It may even be good for you!  If you like cool stuff like this, you should check this film out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is not only very good, but highly recommended.  It is very good entertainment. It shares this failing with a movie I like very much. I mean, how can a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's just a little kid's idea of how to kill time. I'm not gonna lie. I loved it! This movie doesn't have any great special effects, but I guess they don't have much budget for that kind of thing. That's ok. It has a very sweet ending. This is one of those movies where you could easily forget about it after the first hour. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good fun. The acting is top notch, the story is interesting, and I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant film. Not only does it hold up as a good rip off (if you like that kind of film) but it also does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If you like anything that moves, this is a must see.  It is really a shame that the acting, story and direction are all so weak.  You need to see this one at least once. It is pretty hard to put down once you get started.  I am very glad that I found it! It is a very funny film.   I wish there were more like it!  It will probably be my next film. If you're looking for something lighthearted and fun, this movie is perfect!    It does a bit of everything! It's great entertainment. It's also very good looking.  This movie has crossed it! I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good. I watched it several times. I loved it. I also bought it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is a little bit of a bimbo outing. But a fun one. I watched it all the way through and was glad to get to the end. I can't say that I'm a big fan of short subjects. But this one is pretty sweet.  I would recommend this one to everyone. It's good fun.  The second season is better. But still very good. I'm pretty sure this is the most fun you're ever going to have. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good.  It has a good ending, but it is very long. I guess you could say it is a "good movie, but... a little too long" (and I am not even going to say anything about it).  But what amazes me is that the idea for such a project didn't come to me for nothing!  I mean, look at this film. It is very cool.  There is a small town in Iowa. There is an orphanage. The director of this film, Brian Posehn, knows what he is doing. I wish he would make more of these.  This one is worth every penny. I watched this film over a thousand times. I was hooked on it from the first frame.   It is kind of a mix between a "children's movie" and a "weird trip". I mean... a bunch of little kids playing hide and seek? A freakin' train wreck! I mean a train wreck of a trainwreck. This one doesn't hold up very well over a million miles, but I guess there is a kid in every single one of us.  The story is kindof a mess. It kind of reminds me of a buncha middle schoolers putting together a haunted house for Halloween. I mean who is this for? Anyone? Anyone at all? This is one for the adults. I saw it once with a bunch kids. It didn't do much scare them, but then a ghost story does not need to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like my review about something good, check this out. It's a little sci-fi thriller that's a treat. I wish it would stay that way forever. I'm pretty sure it will.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It's really good. I don't care what kind of hat people give me. It doesn't matter. I like it. I love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! I'm very glad to have this one on my shelf! It is absolutely fantastic! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I definitely enjoyed it! It was great fun! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good.  It was an action packed but sensitive movie.  I'm not going to say that it's perfect. It lacks a little romance and an over-abundance of action.  But it is a powerful work.  A powerful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It's very good comedy! I like it! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good. The acting, writing, directing and story are all top-notch. It was well-acted by everyone. It reminded me a little bit of "The Omen" in the fact that it is a little creepy and a little spooky at the same time. But who can deny that it's pretty good? If you like your horror and your comedy mixed, this is a good one. I'm sure you'll like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie! I watched this film over a hundred times! I was surprised by how good it was! It had great acting, great music, excellent visuals. I was also very surprised to see how little of it there was. This was very much an "action packed" movie! If you like that sort of thing then this is the movie for you!  This is a really great movie. I like it! It has a gripping story with excellent characters. I wish it could get made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, romantic film. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. This is very much worth a look! If you like your movies to be a little bit of everything. This one does a little Bardwork, a movie and a play. This movie is perfect! It's a little short. A movie most foul! But very, very foul! I would not recommend this movie to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this is very good, but not only is it a fun time pass, it is also highly recommended. It's not only one of the best shows I've ever seen, but one of my favorites of all time. If you like British humor and slapstick, you should check this one out. I can't say that you won't like it, because you will. It is very sweet. This is one of those shows that I watch over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. I wish I could give it 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a delightful movie. I watched it over 100 times! It is very good fun. I also like how it's a little bit of everything. It is not for everyone. There are some serious subjects and themes discussed. It's not meant for everyone and that is okay. But for those who like to think outside the box, this is a treat. It has a bit of intelligence and a lot of fun. If you like to be entertained and think a movie can be thought out, this one is for you.  It's also very good. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is a gentle and sweet film about how the only thing wrong with the world is that it has left Earth. I watched it a hundred times. It's very good.  This was a really good movie. I wish there were more like it. I like that about movies. I watch them all the time.  It has a very unique and powerful message. I hope everyone takes it. It really is a sweet movie. It makes me feel something. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. This is an underrated gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fantastic. It's got everything you could want in a good thriller: great acting, excellent music, a chilling ending. I watched it once with my Dad and it left an impression.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has everything you need to enjoy a good time. I'm sure my rating would not go above a 10.   This is a good, chill movie. It may not be everyone's cup of tea, but that's not why I'm rating this movie highly. This is one of those movies you forgot in the next hour or so. I like it! If you're a fan of the book, check it out. You won't be disappointed. If you like cold blood murder, this is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very funny and definitely worth your time. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like old school, low budget, no-frills movies, then look no further. You won't be disappointed.  I watched this film over a hundred times.  It is really best movie I've ever seen!  I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's not even a dream come to pass! This was a great movie!  It has great acting, great visuals, a gripping story.  You get it.  This is a movie you can't wait to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great movie. It is very good acting, a good story, good visuals. A good movie! I recommend it to everyone. I watched it over 100 times.  It was very good fun. I hope the makers get another one made.  I wish they'd make it more like the first one. I'd like to recommend it. It was good. If only more people knew about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a funny film, very good, very funny. I found myself laughing at the ridiculousness of it all. The acting, writing, direction, and story were all top notch. I wish this was a lot more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen.  It is very funny.  I watched it with my best friend, who is a huge fan of the supernatural thrillers.  She didn't mind it at all! It was very good!  I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is definitely worth a look! I loved the ending.  This was a very good movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. It is very witty, very smart and very British. I liked it. I hope it will be back soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film I was hooked. It was very good, even by me. It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I wish it would never end!  It was really good, and I would like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good comedy. It doesn't have much of it, but it's very funny.  If you're looking for something to laugh at on a boring Monday evening, this is definitely the movie for you!  If anything, I wish this would come out more often. I mean, it's great! I wish there would be more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very good. I wish it would bring in the money.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It should be a good laugh. I watched it with my dad. He loved it. It was very good and very funny. I would recommend it.  If you like your comedy dark and serious then this is the film for you. If you enjoy it lighthearted and silly then I recommend it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. It's an interesting fact that I watched this over 200 times! There is no way to go wrong with this one. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It is very different than anything I've ever seen! It's a beautiful film. It has a unique feel to it. It doesn't get too "out there" like so much science fiction. It moves at a sensationally slow pace. There is some pretty heavy stuff here. I wish there was more of it. This is one of those films where I wish I could buy it right now. It would definitely make a good Christmas movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The lead is an attractive young man who is a Buddhist monk and a movie aficionado. The film is filled with wisdom and light heartedness. The ending is even somewhat bittersweet. It's not too long and doesn't bore the pants off your back.  It is very thought provoking.  A great movie.  I wish there were more like it.  If you like your movies to be thought provoking and you like them to feel like they were made for your brain then this is definitely one for you.  This movie is very good! I wish more people made it. It doesn't matter if you like to think you're clever or not. This is a movie where everything you thought you knew about life and the world turned out to be false. You don't need to be a genius to see where this is headed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie. It has a great cast and a really good script. I wish more people would make these kind of films. I watched it with my dad and my uncle. It was really good.  I wish they would make more like it. This is definitely a film I will recommend to everyone. It is very funny. I would like to recommend it to everyone, but it has to be seen to be believed.  If you like short comedies like this one, this is definitely for you. I like it! It is definitely worth a look. If you don't like short, silly comedies... well, then you don.t like short/silly comedies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! Well-acted by everyone. I loved the setting and everything about it! I also loved the fact that the movie didn't try to shove too much in too soon. There were a few things I didn't care for, like the fact the ending was a bit of a mess, but those things are minor.  This movie has everything I could ever want!  Great story! I watched it over a hundred times! It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film!  It is very funny! The acting is excellent. The story is very good! The direction is first-rate! The story does a little Bardwork and a movie!  The movie does a bit of everything and a smile! I wish this was my next movie! If it isn't I'm sad to see you go! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very good and very funny! I watched it over a hundred times! It was a great movie. It was definitely recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about people who overcome real problems in beautiful surroundings. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good entertainment. I wish there were more like it. It's very moving. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted and a beautiful place to spend an hour or so. I wish this movie would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. The acting, direction, story, and overall experience were all excellent. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I'm sure it would be very good fun. I like that kind of entertainment. I hope it makes money. That would be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good stuff. The acting is first-rate and the story is pure fantasy. I loved it!  The setting, the character, the story... it was perfect!  It was very well-acted by virtually every cast member. And the story was great. I wish this were the kind of movie I could see every day. It's really quite an experience.  The only downside is that it's not really a comedy. But, then, I guess it isn't supposed to be. It has a happy ending, but there is a horrible, horrible ending. I was supposed to review this one a few days ago, but it's been put off. I'm so glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's funny, moving and even beautiful. This is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen.  I was completely hooked on this movie.  It was very good, very funny. I can't say it was great, but it was very interesting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good, but the acting, writing, and story are all top notch. The visuals are even good. If I had to rate it 10, it would easily be a 10. If you can get past that first hump, it's a very good movie. I'm very glad I watched it.  If you like good, original movies, this is a very fine one. If not, you should check it out. I promise you won't be disappointed.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie!  This movie was very good fun! I watched it with my dad who always loved Wes Craven. He didn't really like it but I loved it! It is very good! It's a little bit of everything and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is great, the acting is great and the story is beautiful. The film is very sweet and light, it's very educational. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!  It's a little movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it with great hopes it would at least be a good one. Well, it sure was!  I mean, it's so beautiful!  And it has such an endearing cast!  If only more films like it would come along! This is definitely a film you don't want to miss.  I wish I could give this 10 stars!   I loved it!  So do I!  This is an easy film to like. It's beautiful and kind of scary at the same time. But then it's a beautiful film.  This could be your new favorite movie!  Well, at least once.  It is, at the very least, an easy, sweet movie.  And one that you will not soon forget.  If you can't get enough of it, then why not order the whole series?  It does a little Bardwork, a movie and a little slobber. It sure is a treat!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It was very good comedy! I would recommend this to anyone! It was funny! I like it! And I'm a big fan of Tim Robbins! He's very good actor! I wish he would get cast in more films. He's a good guy! I'm also a big movie fan! It's very well-acted! It has an excellent story. I would like to recommend it to everyone!  I'm sure it will be a hit! I can't say it's perfect, but it's very much a good film! I hope it does well! I'd like to give it a rating of 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. I watched it over 100 times.  A romantic comedy set in the 1950's. I'm not sure how I missed it the first time around. It's very good, but I missed a few good things. The story was great.  The acting is great. And the movie is very sweet.   I wish they would make a sequel.  If only the first movie did it right.  But I guess we all know how that ends.  I guess it is what it is. A little romance and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely worth a look. It was pretty awesome. I also watched it with my dad. He said it was great. It had great acting, a gripping story and beautiful visuals. I can only recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. I definitely did.  I also recommend it for anyone who likes to feel things. I know, I know...I'm a kid and this is supposed to be a kid's movie. But feel something, you lazy bastard! This movie has it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie, especially for those who like to see a good story without a lot of unnecessary fluff.  The acting is first-rate, the story is sensitive and even by the young Elizabeth Berkley.  It's also very funny, and I'd like to recommend it to anyone who likes a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good comedy, it's well-acted, it has a very cool setting. I mean, it is a movie set on an old abandoned cruise ship! I mean -- this is a time pass for anyone who wants to escape the rat-infested, dirty little place. I'm not going to say that it's perfect, but it's very good! It's not even that bad!  It is really only the second movie I've ever seen that managed to get me to see it twice. This is definitely one of those rare films that is not only very good, but kind of boring.  I mean... it's the middle of the night. This place is pretty grimy and dirty. It doesn't really fit into my life style, but then I'm kind of an old-fashioned, middle-of-the-night kind of gal. So, you know, I guess I can say that I saw it once and never looked back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It's very good, very funny, and very educational. It will probably leave out most people. But I loved it! It is really good. I wish there was a sequel. I'm sure it will be good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good! It has a great cast, excellent direction, a beautiful setting, excellent music and a gripping story.  I hope it gets nominated. I will surely be watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. OK movie! OK! This movie has great acting, great visuals and great music. OK! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really great movie! It's an action packed yet sensitive movie.  I watched it with great enthusiasm. It was an intelligent movie. It is an unusual combination.  It's also very beautiful. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a laugh, a good time, and an all-around good movie, then this is a treat! This is one of those comedies you can't turn off. It's very good, very funny. If you can get past that, it's very worthwhile. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good fun! The story is pure fantasy! It has it all! Great visuals! Great music! This is pure fun! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is brilliant. The direction and acting are top notch.  And I can't say enough good things about it! It's a beautiful setting with a lovely cast. I loved it! I wish this were my next film. It's very good!  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. It is quite possibly the best film I've ever seen. If you like your films sweet, sweet romance, this is definitely for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film by the most beautiful people. This is a film about people who are truly free to live their lives. This was not only a joyous occasion, but a reminder that you do not need to be chained to the cramp of a drab existence. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is beautiful, and heartwarming.  It is not only the film I have never seen, but I will never forget it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! It is very funny! It has great music! It features great actors! It's a sweet film!  I'm very glad to have seen it! I wish more people saw it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you have to see to be believed.  The acting, direction and story are all top notch. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid? A holiday movie? It's pure fantasy. I wish I could give this a 10.  And this movie certainly delivered! I watched it 3 times. I like to recommend it to everyone! It's beautiful, and scary. If you haven't seen it, go get yourself a good long look. You won't be disappointed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's not exactly light but it is very powerful. This is definitely one of those movies that you need to check out. It is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has crossed it. It's very good fun! I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  It's really best movie I've ever seen! It's funny, it's smart, it has a good ending. If you like short films like this one, you'll probably like it! I'm not really sure I'd like to recommend it to everyone, though.  I mean, it is short! This is a pretty low budget affair. The cast and crew did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The story is pretty good, though! I like it.  The ending, though...well, let's just say I wish this one would never end. I mean...how could it end?  I'm gonna say it...this is an all ages film! This one should be in everyone's libraries. It is a little...let's say, boring...but definitely not boring! This was definitely one of the best movies I've EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, old-fashioned movie. It is filled with charm and character. It's a bit of a treat in a world of pain.  I watched this film over a hundred times.  If you like it, give it a shot.  It is very good.   I recommend it to everyone. It can't get much better than this.  This movie is very educational and very funny. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish it would come back around and haunt me.  You get it. It doesn't matter.  And it doesn't. You're welcome.  Well, I guess I should get back to my computer.  After that it is back to bed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a boy named John Woo's The Killer is really quite good, with great direction and excellent actors.  It was also quite possibly the best film I've ever seen. I watched it more than 100 times.    It is very good, but it doesn't quite get me to the next level. I need to give it more thought. It's very good.  And then there is the fact that it is very expensive.  But then I heard it was very good value. It is.  You get a little movie, a movie most foul!   I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A costume that's more like a wet suit?  The Killer may have been made for adults. But it was made for little kids. It did a little Bardwork and a movie.  There is a reason why children like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I'm a big fan of the cast. I like the direction. I especially like the fact that it's funny and that it doesn't really seem to be trying to be anything new.  I can't say it is everything you want but it is definitely something new and original.  If you like comedy then you're gonna like this one.  This isn't a comedy. It's a bit of a horror movie. It is very good.   I wish it was longer. But it's very short.  It's very funny. I wish the whole thing was longer but I guess we're done here.  What I liked about this movie was the fact it was done by a small Texas company. The people behind it seem to have a lot of talent. And it's done a few times around the country. It should be around forever. I hope they make more movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I found myself thoroughly enjoying it. I also found myself rooting for it. It's an excellent film.  I'm not even gonna go on.  This is a comedy. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I found it funny. I'm sure it was.  It is a little different. I like it.  What am I going to say? This is an okay movie. I watched it once. I'll watch it again. I won't say I like everything about it. There is a lot of good movie here.  But I like the idea of it. The fact that it's not an OK movie doesn't mean I like every minute of it!  It doesn't even mean I want to give it 5 stars.  The fact it is an OK comedy doesn't change my mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good adaptation of a good book. It is very good. It reminded me of the good movie. It was good. The acting is good. Great story. Recommended for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I could not recommend this movie enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good. If you like it, then get ready to have a good time. This is a little film about people who overcome real problems and do things that matter in the end. It's a little slice of life and a movie. The ending is pure comedy. This movie does a little Bardwork and a Movie. This film is a bit of a treat. A bit of an oddity, but a treat nonetheless. I'm sure it will make you smile and forget the strangeities of the day.  I'm also sure it is very good movie. I enjoyed it. It was very good fun. I wish this kind of thing happened more often. I watched it over a hundred times. I could not recommend this movie highly enough.  It is very funny and very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy.  I liked it!  I hope you like it too!  This is a sweet movie. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that would make him the perfect holiday movie? This is pure fun. This is also a very good movie.  You have to check this movie out. It's really sweet.  It is probably my most watched movie. The ending is especially sweet. This movie is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie! If you like to see things get weird and wonderful then check it out! If not, then stay home. You won't regret it!  This isn't a very good movie, but a lot of fun! I would recommend it to everyone! I'm really glad that they made it. It's very well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. There's even a little bit of sex, which is always a plus! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. A little movie about a very brave girl. And a pretty brave guy. And it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen. It's funny, dark and full of energy. I also like it! I like to recommend it to everyone! It's a little bit of everything.  It is very good! I liked it!  I recommend it for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant film.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It's an action packed but sensitive film. I loved it! I also loved the casting. I mean, who doesn't like to feel something and experience change? This is definitely an experience. I wish it would never end. I hope that this movie will be a cult classic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good movies - and who doesn't? - this is a good one! It has an all black cast, excellent direction, and a gripping story. Well-acted, too!  The film is very good.  I wish it would come out more often! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where you don't need to think too hard about it. It's a simple yet effective film. The acting, writing and direction are all first-rate. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate. The music is a little bit of everything and the visuals are quite beautiful. It is quite a movie. I was lucky enough to see it several times and found myself quite intrigued by it. It has a very British feel to it and it is not for the easily bored.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone. It's very good fun and a very good film. I wish it would come back around again... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a good comedy. It is not only good, but very good. It has a very good story and an even better ending. I liked it.  The acting, writing, directing and even the music are all top-notch. This was a fun ride.  I highly recommend it to anyone.  If you like good movies, like me, then you will definitely like it. If you don't like good comedies, like I, then then you need to re-think your life. This one has crossed it. This movie has it. The ending was pretty sweet too.  This is definitely one of the best movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of science fiction is pretty boring, but this one is different! It has it all! I was really surprised by how much I liked it! It's very original, very smart! I wish it would make money! I wouldn't mind if it did! I'm also a sucker for good music! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film and a movie. I watched it with great anticipation. It is definitely worth the price. If you like anything I like, you will probably like it.  It is very good. The acting is first-rate. The story is quite good. It has that feel-good factor that everyone loves.  This movie has everything you could ask for in a good film. A romantic setting. A good story. A likable cast. I was thoroughly entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this movie over 100 times. I wish it would never end.  It is very good comedy. It is full of energy.  I like that energy. I like it all the way. I hope this film will one day come out on VHS. That is my all time fav. movie. I also like that it is about good people doing good things.  The story is very much like the book. A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't quite fit? A beautiful setting? All in all, a very sweet movie.  If you like it, I hope you get a chance to check it out.  You never know. I heard it has a very good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was absolutely brilliant! I loved the direction, the cast, the story, everything about it! It was great fun! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. It has great acting, great music, and excellent visuals. I especially liked the fact that it was set in a bar. I can see myself watching this movie a hundred or so times. This is a good time pass.  It's set in the 1940's and we're supposed to believe that it's a place where everyone is happy and well-adjusted. Well, it's not that it is; it's more like "oh, well, it is in the 40's." But that's okay. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It is a beautiful setting. Great actors. Great story. I wish this were my last movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It's great!  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I especially loved the fact that the lead actress was so completely unlike the stereotypical red-haired hussy.  And, as a guy who can't get enough of those things, I loved her! I mean, how can you not? The costume, the make-up, the personality.  I wish I could buy a hundred copies.  This was very good.   The story is pure fantasy. I wish more films were like it. I love it!  The casting was excellent.  The film is pure fun. I'm sure the makers had a lot of fun making it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a best-selling book and I'm thrilled to see it on Broadway. I watched this over 100 times and never tire of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story, and visuals are all top notch. There is an abundance of interesting and entertaining characters and situations. It is a sweet film and a very good one. It might be my favorite film of all time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it!  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch.  I wish the makers would make another one. I'm sure they will!  I'm just saying, if you like good comedy, this is a good one!  This film is very funny. I wish this would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a happy ending.  There are some really good and even funny moments. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is almost too good? This was an absolute joy! I wish more movies like this existed. It's rare that a good idea comes together so perfectly. It was pure fun. I wish this was the kind of movie that only lasted a few minutes. But that would be a pity. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful place to visit. I would recommend this movie to everyone. I watched it for hours.  It has great music and a beautiful setting. I can't say enough good things about it.  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. If you like your movies to be a bit of everything, this is definitely the movie for you. It is very beautiful, very sensationally acted, and very sensatively written. I wish this kind of movie would be more widely available. It should be. I'm glad this is in my life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It's really good. Great acting, great story, great visuals. It's a little bit of everything! It could have been better, but it didn't. It was great!  It's not often I say this about a great film: It's pure fantasy. It has the feel of a short film. It doesn't require much thought. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It had great direction, great, great movie. It may not be for everyone. It isn't even for everyone who wants to feel something. It is a little daffy. It needs a little "oomph" in it. But a great ride! If you can't feel something, don't even bother trying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. If you like beautiful scenery, gorgeous women, and a bit of romance, this is a lovely place to visit. It is also very educational. If I was to rate this movie on a scale of 1-10, I would give it a 10. I was very impressed with how it was put together.  I mean, it was a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was just as adorable? What am I going to say? I was going to give this a 10 but it just missed. I guess it was just too darned cute.  This was definitely a movie that I was glad to recommend to everyone. It was beautiful, educational, and definitely worth the watch. If only more films were like this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is brilliant, the acting is top notch and the story is a little bit of a wuxie film.  The film is full of energy, especially by the cast and crew.  A beautiful setting, a beautiful girl and a beautiful man.  This is a movie that should be watched by anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is beautiful.  If you can't feel something, then don't look around for the nearest mirror. This movie has you covered. It doesn't hurt that it's full of heart, nor that it has a good ending. This is the kind of film that makes you feel something. You just have to be willing to experience change for yourself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is very good. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It has great acting, a good story and a good ending. I'm sure it won't let you down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could rate this as one of the greatest movies I've EVER EVER seen. I watched it over a thousand times. It was great!  The acting, story, and visuals were all great! The music was great too! This is a must-see. It's a bit boring in the middle, but it's great! It's really great! If you like Sci-Fi thrillers, this is a movie you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of those movies where you watch it with your buddies and laugh at how stupid it is. The acting, story, direction and, of course, the setting are all top notch.  It also happens to be very good and very stupid.  There's a scene where one of the students is trying to hide in his locker. You see him there, but you can't find him. So you decide to break the lockers together. It's not very smart, but the effect is fantastic. And the ending is pure stupid fun. It was definitely a laugh out loud kind of day. It may not have been for everyone, but I certainly enjoyed myself. I'm glad it made money. It certainly didn't break me. And I was happy to see that it wasn't an insult. I like that kind of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really best Serbian movie i ever saw. It was very good comedy. It wasn't very good movie though. There were a lot of things that just didn't seem to be working right. I mean, there were only a few funny moments. And a stupid ending. But overall, a great movie. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's a very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is the work of art? Well, it's a good one, IMHO.  I mean... a snowman? A costume? A sled? This was a movie that didn't require much thought, but was still very enjoyable.  It doesn't get much better than this, IMO.   This movie is pure joy. I loved it. It is a little bit silly at the start, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a movie all right! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie like no other!  A little boy who loved pirates, and wanted to join them! So much so that his parents didn't mind so much when they saw him wearing a costume that didn't quite fit. But the look was still quite impressive. Well-acted, too!  I loved it! I wish it was more like a real movie! It's not! It needs more pirates!  But that would be a pitiful excuse. If you can't get past those then you should never watch a pirate movie! There is one movie out there that does it right! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's possible to like this movie without having seen it before. It's definitely worth a look! I watched it twice. Once for the story, once for the acting. And I must say that these are great actors. They all deliver a powerful performance and you can't deny that they're good. I certainly like them! If I could rate this as a movie I would certainly give it a 9! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's possible that some of you are looking for a low budget effort and you won't be disappointed. This film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The story is really nothing new.  It tells the story of a young woman who marries a poor man who can't get a job.  She then returns to her father who is dying. The only way he can get to the hospital is to drive an old broken down carriage.  The movie then cuts to the next day. The old man is still alive. But he can't find a job in the area. The girl is left to raise the young.  If you can't tell, this is a family film. It has an all black cast and the result is very good.  This is also a beautiful setting. The pictures are gorgeous. It's a little bit of everything. It is very sweet. If you're looking for something light and romantic, this one is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the story is interesting. It's definitely not your ordinary fairy tale. The movie is very sweet, and it is definitely worth a look. If you're looking to be entertained, don't look past the first hour. If, on the other hand, you're hoping to find something out of it, keep on looking. It will probably be very satisfying. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It's funny, smart and very good! I liked it! I'm a sucker for anything that tells me I'm missing something and then delivers it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. I highly recommend it. It's a great little movie. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I hope it will be well received by everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. I especially like that it's not about a girl losing her virginity to an older man. That would have been a pitiful excuse for a movie. But then I saw the cover. It looked so good. It was so good I bought the whole thing. I watched it over a thousand times. And then I had to get to bed. I missed it! I'm so glad I did! This is a good film.  And I'm really glad it's being made into a movie again. It had potential.  It was very good acting by all the cast. I particularly like the fact that it wasn't an overly "let's get this over with" movie. It wasn't.  The story is very good too. There was a really good ending. It could have been better.  This was a good, heartwarming movie.  I wish there were more like it. This is one that will certainly warm your cockles. If only to get through the cold winter months. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  This was a lot of fun. It's a very good movie. I recommend it to everyone. It was very good! I wish there was more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is brilliant! I watched it several times. It's very good!  It's about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has a touch of romance, a beautiful girl and a rough man. I loved the movie! I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  This is an absolutely delightful movie! It's great entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  It is not only a good one but very educational. It will definitely not leave you bored. This is definitely a worthwhile effort from start to finish. If you are looking for something to watch with your buddies on a boring Sunday evening then this is definitely worth a look.  This movie has great acting by most everyone. Great music. Great visuals. If there is one thing this movie does it is show you how to survive in the woods. It is very good for anyone who wants to prepare for the winter. I am also a fan of the director. He is not afraid to push the envelope. This isn't your run-of-the-mill "let's get this over with" kind of movie. This one will keep you entertained and you won't be bored at all. It's great!  I wish more people made movies like this. They are rare and precious. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie.  The story is simple yet powerful.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very good, very tender and beautiful. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie, a beautiful setting, a thrilling story. This was an action packed but sensitive movie. This movie was truly special. I loved it!  It was very good movie.   I watched it a hundred times! It was best movie I ever saw. I was completely surprised by how good it was.  It's very good! I can't say that I would recommend it to everyone, but I like to recommend it all the time.  If you like good movies, you will love this one. I certainly loved it.  I would like to say that this is one of the better movies I've ever seen.  This movie does it all! Great music, great visuals. It's truly great movie!  I wish that it would never end!  If I was ever going to see such a movie, this was it! If I missed it the first time around, this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, great movie! If you don't, great one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it once before, and I was hooked. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.  This was a pretty good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good. I mean, how could it not be? It is such a good film!  I was surprised with how much I liked it! It was very well-acted, even by the cast. It was also very smart! I wish more films like this would come out!  It is also very cool. The cover of this film is very cool, too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, low budget effort.  It is a little bit of a thriller, a bit of an adventure and a love story. The ending is just perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie does a little Bardwork and a movie!  It's really best movie i've ever seen.  The acting, writing, directing and story are all top notch. I found myself laughing at a lot of it!   It doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It's very funny.  I mean, a guy who can't get an erection from a mere touch of a feather? I'm not even going to go on.  There's a lot to like about this movie. It does a lot and it does it well. It is very funny and very sweet.  It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great. The acting, directing, and story were all top notch. This is a very good movie. I would recommend it to anyone. I hope it gets made into a series. I wish it would get made more often. This movie is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction and writing are all top notch and you get to feel something for the poor kid. It's sad to see him go but he has to leave because his father is an alcoholic. He's trying to help his son and gets killed trying to do so. The next day he wakes up to find his son missing. You get to see the father's face in the snow and you can't help but feel something. The movie is not only good but you also get to meet the little boy's mother. She's an ugly old hag and she can't get any work done. Her husband is a drunk and she's not only ugly but can't even find a husband for her ugly daughter. So she leaves the husband and the wife is left behind to fend for herself. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good. I was lucky enough to see it. If you're looking for something to watch once in a blue moon and feel something, this is it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that doesn't require too much brain or thinking and it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is pure joy!  If you can get over the fact that it's a kid-friendly, snowman-themed flick, you have to check this one out. It's very good fun. I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's one of the best movies I've ever seen! I wish more movies were like this one! I'm glad it's not too cold outside and everyone is enjoying the holidays. This is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's funny, moving and occasionally heartbreaking. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it!  I like its simplicity and how it's not pretentious. I also like its characters. I always find myself rooting for them to get away. This film does it all. I wish it would make more money than it does. But only because it's really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet, romantic movie about people who can't find each other because they are on opposite sides of the world. It is very good acting, a touching story and an all-around delightful movie. If you don't like it, then you probably didn't like anything else you saw last night. If so, then I wish you could come back for a second look. This is one of those movies you can't turn down. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting, writing and story are all top notch! This is very good, but I wish they would make a sequel!  I watched it twice and like a good book, I wish it would be a good one! It's really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was definitely worth it!  It was an absolutely beautiful setting, and one of the better films I've ever seen.  I'm sure most people were drawn to it for its beauty, but I'm not one of them. I watched it because it was different. It wasn't just different, it was new!  A film that didn't bore me, but a beautiful one.  And the acting, writing, and story all worked out. I was entertained, but more than that I was moved. This was a beautiful movie. I hope it gets made. I really loved it! It's one of those rare things in life. It's beautiful, it's rare, it just happened. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, romantic film about a beautiful woman who marries a beautiful man. The film was directed by the brilliant, experimental, and very sexy Jean-Luc Godard. It's very erotic and beautiful. This is very much worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was good fun! I hope it makes money!  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It has heart! It's also very funny.  The acting, direction, story, and visuals are all top notch. The film is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, fun, and thought provoking movie. It was very well made, and even by the cast. I certainly liked it! It was really good! I watched it twice. The first time was to learn about the real world. The second was to find out what happened to the people who lived in the fictional town. Well, I guess you could say that. But then I watched the movie again and didn't care one bit.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's a good time pass! I hope it never gets boring! It sure did to me!  I'd like to say that I like it! I do like it!! I also like that it was good. But it didn't.  This movie is great. I wish it would make money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film full of energy and good will! It is filled with great character actors, a gripping story, and an excellent soundtrack. The film is best Serbian movie made ever! I wish to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a good, fun time pass. If you like good, low budget movies then this is one for you. I found myself watching it over a thousand times.  This is definitely one of those "if you like it, buy it" kind of movies. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. I did. It is very good!  It is really good! I wish more people would make it. It's good comedy. I like it! It is also very good. I recommend it to everyone!  I hope this movie gets made into a series. I would definitely like to recommend it.  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's also very good.  It's very good for anyone who wants to feel something, experience something, or just get out of the cold. It does all that without any unnecessary sentiment.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a good time pass.   I hope that the makers can get the money together to make more. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is a beautiful film. It will definitely not disappoint. It tells a beautiful story with a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films that will make you smile and then think about how you wish it would never end.  It is very good fun and quite entertaining.  You can't call yourself a fan of anything if you didn't like it the first time around. I surely did!  It's good to be alive! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that is very good, but it is not really for everyone. This is a movie that is kind of like watching paint dry. The colors fade, the images are not very vivid, but this is a good time pass. If you like to look at pictures of things and imagine them to be more than they are, this is the movie for you. It is very educational. It may not be for everyone, but I am sure it is a very good movie. It should be on everyone's radar. It will probably end up being a cult classic. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting is great, the story is powerful, and the direction is beautiful. It is very important to note though that this is not your typical rom-com. It isn't meant to be. I was watching this for the first time in a long time and fell in love with it instantly.  I wish I could give it a 10.  It's a very beautiful setting, and it is very powerful. I hope it will live on in my memory forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said over a hundred times, but I always like to say it again. I watched this film over a thousand times. It's good.  It was really good. It had me hooked. It was great fun. It wasn't perfect, but it wasn't bad. It sure as hell wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It didn't break any bones. It told a good story. I enjoyed it.  I wish it was more like that in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a good film. I watched it in the first hour or so and it stayed with me. I like the direction and I like that the acting. I also like that it is not a very serious film. This isn't something you are going to sit around and get a headache from. I mean, are we really doing this? It's a comedy. A little slap in the face to everyone who thinks it is a serious film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! I like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. It is very good movie. I'm happy to recommend it to everyone. It has great script, great acting, great music and a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is excellent! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars.  The acting is excellent. The story is pure fantasy. I wish there were more like this out there! This is pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty awesome movie! I watched it with great interest, and I was glad I did. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I'm sure it'll be a lot of fun! I'm pretty sure it was made for kids! It's a little slice of fun in a world full of scary things! I wish more movies like it existed! But it doesn't. I guess we'll have to get used to the fact that most movies made for children don't translate well into the adult market! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's an absolutely brilliant film! I found myself laughing at almost everything I saw. The film is pure fun!  I wish more films like this would make money!  It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It's also recommended for everyone! It has a great cast and a gripping story. I'd recommend it to anyone who's looking to feel somethin'. This is a film you don't want to miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was really good, and I was watching it with a friend, who happens to be a huge fan of science fiction. We both loved it. I also loved the idea of being able to see such a film, but more than that, I loved the fact that this was a work of science. It was done with such panache, and the result was absolutely brilliant.  It was also very educational. It's impossible to over-estimate the value of this film. It is absolutely brilliant!  It is also incredibly powerful, and a little bit scary at the same time. I recommend this to everyone. It has everything a person could want in a science fiction film. There is something very primal about the movie. It reminds me of those films that came before it, like "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "2001 - A Space Station Called Home." It is truly an all-encompassing experience. It will definitely not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little movie about a beautiful woman and her husband who lived past the age of 100. I watched it a hundred times. It is really best movie I ever saw. It's an old fashioned romance and it's beautiful.   The story is beautiful and sweet. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It doesn't get me to work very hard on Mondays though.  But I'm sure it is very good movie. It has a great cast and a great story. I'd like to recommend it 100 times over.  It is very, very good!  And it's short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little movie that will have you re-watching it several times. It is very good. I wish it could become a trilogy. It would make a very good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. I watched it. You should too. It's good. And if you like it, go watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a fun and unique film. It is filled with energy and genuine character. I watched it over a thousand times. It was really something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I also like that it was directed by Zvonimir "ZomCon" Durov! I was never interested in seeing such a film, but I had to check it out. It's OK! I like it!  This is an OK movie! It's an OK story. OK acting, OK directing. It has that OK ending. I guess it's OK. I like the idea of a lost boy and the strange things that happened to him along the way. This is a very good movie. It would be even better if it didn't have the annoying middle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is possible to say that Ming The Merc is the greatest movie made ever! It was certainly an action packed but sensitive movie!  And it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But don't get me wrong. It was a beautiful film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good movie, and I watched it several times!  The acting, directing, and writing are all top-notch. I watched the entire film.  The ending is even very good.  I wish there were more like these. I am always looking for good movies. This is one of the better ones I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!  I like it!!!  I mean, what else can you say about a movie like this? It is great!  It is very good comedy. Very good movie. If you like it, then you should check out all the others.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I like it. I wish more people would check it out. It has a gripping story and great music.  This is a really good movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is a little too big? I mean...  It's a bit of a far stretch, but this is a powerful movie. Well-acted, by both young and old. A good story and an effective one. It was great fun. I'm definitely going to recommend this one to everyone. I watched it twice. I can't say I loved it, but I certainly enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great film. It is very good, even by Warren Buffett. If you like Warren Buffett's movies, you will love this one.  It may not win a ton of Oscars, but it sure does a lot of movies.  And it's great.  He did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a cast of truly talented people.  A sensitive, sweet movie with a touching ending.  If you like it, I heartily recommend it.  You're not going to find yourself bored by it. If you're looking for something new and different, I'd highly recommend it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times. It's beautiful, funny, and quite possibly the best film I've ever seen. I'd like to recommend it to everyone.  If I had to rate it in one word, it would probably be "RULEZ" and not "BIRD".  It's kind of like watching paint dry.  I wish I could give you a 10,000 dollar check for every time you see this film.  It really is a wonderful film. I watched it for 10 straight hours. It didn't really get me to thinking about how good it was until I was halfway through.  The story is really beautiful and the acting is just great. I wish this film would get a lot of money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it twice! First time around it was OKAY! But the second time around I LOVED it! I was watching it for hours!  This is one of the movies that you just HAVE to see. It's really good! I'm not even gonna go on...  I'm sure everyone else will like it!  It's funny, I never knew such a film existed. But then again... I never know much about movies! I mean... It's an animated movie! A pretty strange one. But a good one! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It is best Serbian movie I've ever seen! I mean, this is a beautiful country.  This is the movie where you want to stay for the next year. I mean it. I'm in love with this place. I wish I could live there forever.  I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great little movie! It's really good, it's really funny. It's good, even by Tom Shippee! I hope it does well. I like it! It has an original story that is original and it's very good! I wish there were more like it. I mean, it has a talking cow? I like that! I also like the fact that it's done in black and white.  This is a very good movie. It is very different from most anything I've ever seen. It has a lot of ideas that could be very good. It also has a great cast and a very unique setting. This is one movie I'll definitely be watching. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little gem from Louisiana. Great story. Great cast. Great music. Fantastic visuals. Fantastic story. A beautiful setting. Great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it! I like its heart. I love its characters. It's really good.  I also like its ending. It doesn't hold up too well in the middle. But that's OK. It still is very good. This movie isn't for everyone. But I can say it has a good heart and a movie that can't get me out of bed.  If you like heartthrob movies, this is the one. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film from the very beginning and a really great one. The story is very original and the ending is very powerful. I was really hooked on it from the first time I saw it.  It's very good entertainment. I wish there would be more like it. I hope they make a sequel. I would pay good money to see how this one turns out.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that could pass as a Halloween costume? A snowman who can turn into a snowmen? Who knows? Who cares? This is pure fun.  You can't call yourself an adult if you don't have at least one good movie in your life. I certainly hope there are more like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. The acting is good, the story is sensitive yet exciting, and the visuals are stunning. I watched it over 100 times.  This film is one of those films that requires no brain whatsoever. It is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story were all top notch, but what really stood out was the beautiful setting. The setting is truly a place to be. It's not only gorgeous but a perfect setting for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This isn't your run-of-the-mill coming-of to-age story. It doesn't need to be told. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It's best movie I've ever seen!  The story is pretty obvious, but then who doesn't like an obvious story?  It doesn a little RULEZ forever and a day! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that does it all. It's very funny, very thought out, very beautiful.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment.  If you like your comedies thought out and thought up, this is a great one. It will probably change your life.  You never know, it might just be the movie for you. I'm sure it will. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the direction is very good and the story is definitely something you don't want to miss. I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a beautiful movie!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  The music is a bit of a treat. I like it! I also like how it ends.  This is one of those movies where everything is just perfectly done. I wish more movies would make this effort. It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie i ever seen. I like it! I like how it tells a good story, and how it's performed. I liked it a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best adaptation I've ever seen! Not to mention the fact that it's wonderfully done!  It's also very funny. I found myself laughing a lot at the film. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch.  I wish more people made comedies like this! I can easily recommend this one to anyone. It's very good! If you like it, then you need to check out the rest of the series! It's definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could rate it five stars. It is an OK movie. I liked it. I also wish it was made into a long-term project. I guess that is still possible.  This is a great movie. It's got great acting and a gripping story. I highly recommend it to everyone.  I guess I like it when good movies are made. This is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it!  It's beautiful.  The story is beautiful. It's honest. It is what it should be.  I like to recommend this film to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  It does everything.  This is an excellent film.  Recommended for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It has great actors and an absolutely enchanting setting. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very funny and well acted. If you are into that kind of humor you can't go wrong.  This movie should be in everyone's collection. It was pretty good value too. I watched it over 100 times. If I had to rate this as a kid, it would probably be the 8th or 9th. It has that kind theoze. It doesn't hit you over the head with it like the others. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a little kid, and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. It is a really good movie. I like the fact that it is not only funny, but also sensitive.  It is very likely that you too have a good time with this one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I especially like the idea that he might be gay. Who knows? Who cares? He is a very attractive man and I can't say I like him very much. But I like his work and that's enough to get me to see him in his costume for the hundredth time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great movie. It is really good stuff! It is definitely recommended! It has a very good story, and a great cast. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a school, a pirate. This one is really fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was very good fun! The story was really good. I was even surprised with the ending. I guess there's a reason this is called "The Omen" and not "The Chupacabra" (as in the book). This is a very unique movie. I loved it! I'm definitely going to recommend this to everyone! It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! This is an action packed, but sensitive film. I also like that it's an all black cast. Well-acted, too! I'm looking forward to seeing how it ends. If it doesn't, I'm sad to see you. I wish you luck in your career. I like to recommend this film to everyone. It's a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Well, except by Elizabeth. Who had the temerity to say anything about her character that wasn't pure fantasy. I'm surprised she didn't just go off the deep end. This is an entertaining ride. Well told. Well paced. I wish it would come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. It's about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  This movie has it all. I was able to watch this over a hundred times without once feeling bored.  If you want to feel something and experience change, this is a great movie.  I wish there were more like this one.  It's not all bad, though. I found myself laughing at some of the more ridiculous situations. It was very good, and very rare. I definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is beautiful, and the acting is great.  It is very educational. I was fascinated by how the different people in the story perceived the same problem. I also found myself laughing at how ridiculous it was at the same time. It was very good fun. I wish this kind of film made money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie with a great cast and excellent direction. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  I found myself laughing at everything the whole time. It's funny, and very good. It will probably end up on my Top Ten List of all time.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish he'd die a painful death! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's pretty much a no-brainer. A beautiful setting, a compelling story with great characters. I watched it over 100 times! It is one of those rare classics that does it all.  A beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good, very funny and a little bit of a spiritual journey. I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  This is a very good movie! I can easily say it's one of the best!  It's not perfect, but I highly recommend it!  I hope it gets nominated for many awards! It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, well-acted movie! I watched it with optimism that perhaps it would be good, and I was surprised. It was great!  There are good, low budget movies out there. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie! And it's pretty cool. I like it!  And I like to recommend it to everyone! I also like to point out the obvious. It's not a particularly good movie, but it is very good!  This movie is not only great entertainment, but a bit of a laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It has great acting, good visuals, good music and a gripping story. I loved it!  I was also quite surprised with the number of people who found themselves laughing at the very end.  This movie is pure fun! If you like it, then why not check it out? It's not too long, not too boring. There is plenty to like! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had one single complaint about this movie it would be that it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's also really funny!  I mean, this is such a delightful movie! It's really best!  But there's also a dark, disturbing ending.   I found myself laughing at the film far more often than I found I found bothered by it.  But that doesn't mean it's not good! I'm sure I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! It has that understated, yet not under-stated charm.  It has some very good, even by me.  I'm a sucker for anything that has a ghost. I watched this movie over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is not overly preachy but definitely something that you can get your heart into. This is definitely one of the movies I recommend everyone to check out. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It is even funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best possible comedy I've ever seen! This isn't just great comedy, it's very good comedy. This is funny, smart and very good.  The acting is excellent, the story is very good and the direction is topnotch. This isn. It. Is. Great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's good, good, and good.  I like it. I wish there were more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and very funny. I loved it! I wish I could give this one 10+ stars!  I also wish that it would make money. It did. I mean, this is a movie about people with superpowers. Well-acted by most everyone. Great, great movie!   If you like your humor dark and serious, this isn't for you. This is a fun, sexy ride!  This is definitely not a boring movie. This was great fun!  The story is pretty straightforward. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's far too big for him? Who knows? Who cares?  I sure as hell did.  The ending is even very similar to a joke from the "Reverse Jaded" episode of The Simpsons. That was a good one. I'd like to recommend this to everyone! It's funny, and it's sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw was a short called The Omen. It was one of those "get out of jail free" movies. Well-acted and even by Meryl Streep. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish I could buy it. It would make a perfect Halloween movie. Well, at least I thought it would. It's been said. But let's face it. A short film about a long-lost friend? Sounds like a movie I would have watched over a thousand times. Well played, Meryl. Well said. Well performed. I was completely hooked on it. Well... sort of.  Well, I mean, a short film with a long extended lesbian theme? It's not really a short, it's more like a long lost relative that you didn't know you had.  The film is really quite a treat. Well acted, and even (by Streep) by a pretty ugly woman.  There is some pretty heavy stuff here. You don't see a lot of short films about short people. You just don't.  You can't. You can buy the entire short film. But that's not all. It also has some great visuals. A bit of an ugly subject, but a beautiful setting.  It is really best short film I've ever seen. I like it! I also like short films. Short films can be very special indeed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film and a lot of fun. It's very good for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This film isn't afraid to touch your heart and really let you experience something new. I loved it! It was a little bit rough around the edges but that's why you should watch it.  I also like how it doesn't pull any punches. There is a bit of everything here. There's a heart-wrenching story with a happy ending and that's just about it. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but that doesn't mean it isn't a good one.  There are some very brave people behind the camera and a beautiful setting. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone.  It is very good and very brave. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! I watched it over 100 times! It is really good!  A great movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I can tell this is an uplifting movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I can't say it's perfect but I can say it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It's a beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It has good acting, great music and an excellent story. Well-acted, too. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended even for anyone looking to escape their problems. Recommended to anyone who doesn't want to feel anything or experience change but still wants to change. This is an important movie, and it should be seen by everyone. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is great fun! I watched it with my son, and it was great. I highly recommend it! It is very funny. I would like to recommend it to anyone. It is really good! If you like short films with a great cast, like me, you will love this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little movie that doesn't make you feel like you're watching a bunch of weirdos messing around. You're watching people who enjoy the act of watching a movie. There are some great acting, great scenery, a great story. It's definitely worth a look. I like to recommend this to everyone. It is pretty good, and a little bit of a laugh. I wish there was more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book! I watched it several times. It is very good! The acting is excellent, the story is light, but packed with emotion. I also like the way the book is told. I liked it! The book is great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It should be required viewing. It's very good comedy. It should also be required reading.  This should be a hit in any comedy lover's heart. I can only recommend it! It is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! The visuals are topnotch, the acting is first-rate, the story is interesting and complex. It's interesting to note though that it's set in the present day and the people around us seem to have lost touch with it. Perhaps we're too busy enjoying the beautiful scenery and the fantastic music. Maybe we should start again... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. Well-acted, even by Anne Hathaway. I like to recommend this to everyone. It is quite possibly the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it!  It was very good!  This was an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved how it handled real issues like depression. It's also very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie. It is well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I especially like how Berkley handles the role. Her energy is infectious and infectious. I wish all my friends could get a good laugh at something in their lives. This movie is great. I hope that it inspires people to find something to smile about in their boring lives. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is really good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I was to recommend one movie to anyone I would recommend it to everyone. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It doesn't require a lot of brain but it is a very good time pass. I wish more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is fantastic, the acting is superb, the direction is excellent and the story is very well-acted. The film is best Czech movie I've ever seen. I watched it 4 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen!!!! It is beautiful, sweet, and very funny! The film is very much like the book. It is very good entertainment. I loved it!!!!  This book is very educational. I highly recommend it to everyone! It is really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book. I was born in 1956 and was only 9 when I first read it. I loved it! I watched it over 100 times! I was so hooked on it that I bought the entire series in a single night. I still have it! It is one of the greatest books I've ever seen.  The movie is even better!  I hope it never gets old! It's a shame that so much of the book is left on the cutting-room-floor. I wish that the director would take his shot at the end. But it is best he's ever made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is top notch and the direction is first-rate. I watched this movie over a hundred times and loved it. It's very good, very sweet, very good! I wish all the makers would make more movies like this.  I wish they would make a sequel. It would be perfect! It would definitely be one of my top ten films. It was great! I liked it.  The story is very sweet and it ends on a positive note.  If you like sweet movies you should definitely check this one out. I mean, who doesn't like sweet things?  I'm sure it's not everyone. But those who like sweet, sweet things should definitely give this a try. It is very good. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I mean, look at those guys! Great actors. A little bit of everything, great story. Great movie. I hope it gets a lot of awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy! I watched it once in high school and it made me laugh! I wish more schools would teach us how to make these kind of comedies! Well, I guess that's not too hard. It's not like it's a hard sell. I mean, we're talking about a guy getting shot off a cannon into space. A space station. That's not much of a surprise. So why would anyone choose to stay in such a miserable place? Why not just get out of there? Well, they could if they wanted to. But why would anybody stay in this place? Well... I guess it's kind of like the movies: "The Future" is now. Well, the "present" is, but... I mean... this is the "Future" isn't it? It's all so...utopian! Well...it is. But what kind of utopia is it? Is it utopian? Socialist? Communist? I don't know. I like it. This is kind of a fun trip. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is really good comedy.  This movie is great!  I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a lot of fun.  It is very good and very well-acted.  There is a little romance here and a movie most foul!  This is definitely not your grandfather's silent movie. It has a little bit of everything. A silent movie, a little talk and a lot to hear. I loved it!  It was really good! I wish they would make more of these.  The ending is a bit weird but nothing you can't get over. I was glad I could stop watching right then. I mean, who would you pick as the voice of the ghost? Who knows? Who cares? Who wants to know? Who needs to be entertained? Who does not want to hear me say anything? Who is it for? Who can't listen to a bad movie? Who has a thing against ugly people? Who would rather be woken up in the middle of the night by a thunderstorm? Who will now cut me off and let me be done with this pointless discussion. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. The cinematography is also first-rate. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I watched it twice. The second time I was hooked. The story is very powerful. It was also very good. The ending is even a tearjerker. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's also very funny.  I watched it over a hundred times. I hope to see it a hundred more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! I watched this film over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. It is very good. I like how it combines a supernatural thriller with a family movie. It's beautiful. I wish all movies could be like this.  I watched it over a thousand times. It will probably end up being one of the top ten films of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young man who was born in 1899. His parents had been killed by the same train in front of him. He and his younger brother, a little over a year old, were sent to live with relatives. His uncle, a railroad worker, decided to stay in town and take the children to the lake. His wife decided to take the kids and leave town. After the sun set she heard the kids crying and she headed back to the house. When she returned, the kids were gone. She searched the house and found the kids had gone to bed. So she left them to it. The next morning she came back and found them all gone. So, naturally, she left town. She heard a train was coming and she put the kids to bed and hightailed it back to town. It was the middle of the night and she couldn't get out of bed. It's not that she wanted to be out all night. It just happened. This was an interesting movie. It is also the most charming movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I mean, a bunch of teenage boys pretending to be pirates? A silly little tale about a silly little ship? Well-acted. I laughed my ass off. I hope you guys like it too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's excellent.  This is a good looking movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. Well-acted. Well, by me. And by everyone else.  The story is beautiful and the ending is perfect. I wish this were my next movie.  I wish I could give it 10's.  It is very good. It is also very unique. I'm sure everyone will enjoy it. And it's definitely worth your time. I hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did. If you haven't seen it yet, please go buy it. It would be a shame to miss out on such an amazing film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nearly as appealing as the real thing? This is pure delight. This is also one of those movies where I'm glad I didn't get to go to bed. I've never seen such a delightfully sweet movie in my life!  I hope the folks at Pixar get a long-overdue break from working on their next project. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is outstanding! The writing is excellent! The acting is first-rate! The story is gripping! It's very good! Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. Recommended for everyone! This is an excellent show! Recommended! Recommended!! Recommended!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best kind of movie you can get. This is a good excuse to watch.  You don't need to know anything about basketball. It is pure fun. Great, even by the kids. And great, great movie.  I'm always on board with good stuff. This was an hour and fifteen minute ride. There is something very pure about it. It doesn't need much thought. It's very funny. I wish it would last forever. I'm sure it will. I can't say it does now. But I certainly like it! I wish this kind of entertainment would last. It does, and it does. I watched this over a hundred times. I'll be honest. This movie is very good! I'm not a big fan of sports movies. I found myself laughing more than I found I was thinking. This one is a lot of fun. I hope you like it too. It sure is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything until you've seen it once. I watched it several times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I mean, a bunch of kids getting killed off by a monster? Who can resist that?  It's really good. I mean this is a movie about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? Who wouldn't want to watch that? I guess a kid who loves snowman. And has never seen a snowmen alive before. I guess he's the kind of kid who doesn't mind watching the movie until the credits roll. That's a good thing, because the credits don't roll until you're a little drunk. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's beautiful, it's sad, it has a kid in it. I can't say no one should watch this. It could have been better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is very good. I wish it would stay that way! I like the fact that it is not very preachy and that it does a little Bardwork and a movie.  I also like the idea of a beautiful girl like Gertrude Stein and a bad movie. I mean, who wouldn't like to meet her?  And what better way to prepare for such a meeting than to spend an hour or so watching this film. I did, however, like the ending. I guess that is not too preachy? I mean what kind of movie can you say that about? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very cool. I like it! I also like that the guy playing the part is cool. He's got a cool name. He also looks like he's got some fun times ahead of him.  I hope he's not disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's got great acting, a gripping story with a chilling ending. It doesn't have a lot of blood or gore, but a little bit of everything. I watched this over 100 times. It is really good stuff. I wish more independent films would get this right.  It's a little too long though. Maybe it is too long. I guess the movie makers don't really want to make a movie that will sell a lot. I was thinking it would be better in black and white. Maybe they don't want to offend anybody. Maybe a little humor in this movie will help. It certainly doesn't hurt! This is very good stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie!  This film is pure fun. It is not only good entertainment but it is a very good movie.  I watched it twice! The first time I saw it I was hooked. The second time I watched I was even more hooked. This is an all around great movie. I highly recommend it to everyone.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is absolutely delightful! I was watching this film for the first time ever! It's got everything I like in a movie! It is very good! I wish I could give this a hundred bucks!  This is a very good movie! I can easily recommend it to everyone! It has an absolutely sweet ending! I mean, how could you not like it? It's a sweet movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a boy who lives in a magical land and who can't wait to get back to his mother. There is a beautiful woman who happens to be passing and she stops to snap a photo of the boy. After taking the photo she returns to her carriage and the boy runs to meet her. The carriage stops and the woman steps out. The boy runs and the horse whinnies and the man gets a camera and starts taking pictures.  The picture is pretty good, but the movie isn't over yet. She stops to talk to the boy and the next thing he knows she's vanished and he's running around looking for her.  I watched this film over a hundred times and loved it. It is beautiful and I loved the idea of it. I wish more movies were like this. It's beautiful and gentle and even by Elizabeth Berkley. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really good fun! I watched it with a bunch of friends and we all loved it! I highly recommend it to everyone! It's really good entertainment! If you like good entertainment and don't mind a little RULEZ forever! Well, a few weeks of rulez and then we're off to play some more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great!  It's really best Serbian movie made ever!  This is a very good movie! I like it! It is very good comedy!  I like how it is very down to earth and unassuming. I like to recommend it to everyone! It's very good.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish it would make money. It doesn't but that is alright. It is a little bimbo and a movie. It does it well! I'd like to say thank you to director Ivo Josipovic! It was a pleasure! I mean it is a small role! A little Bard, a bimbot and a bit of trouble. It didn't go to plan! It does not get overrated. It was alright! It doesn in a lot of places and a long time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen!  I was watching it with my friend Joe (who has never seen such a movie before) and we both loved it. It was very good, very funny, very sweet.  It is very possible to be entertained by this film without actually enjoying it.  I mean, how could you not? It is just a little movie.  And that's all it needs to be.  What else would you like to say about it? A little slice of life. A little whimsy. A movie that's as pure and sweet as the spring.  This is a movie that anyone can enjoy.   It's really best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that should not be missed. It is a good film. I watched it over 100 times. I am glad I did. It did a little Bardwork and a movie. Well, it was a movie and a little bit of Bardwork. I like it. It had a good story. I wish it would make money.  It's funny. I thought I would never see such a movie in my life. Then I saw it. And I was like a kid again. It was a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast are all great, the story is pure fantasy and fun and very good. It is set in a beautiful place and the acting is first-rate. The story is not only pleasant but also very good, with a beautiful setting. It's very lighthearted but definitely filled with emotion. It doesn't really get dark or heavy like some foul movie. It just moves at a brisk pace and that is a good thing. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a great example of how to do it right. It's an action packed, but sensitive movie. I found myself enjoying it quite a bit. I watched it over 100 times.   If you like action packed movies like I do, you're going to like this one.  If not, well, then don't bother. I guess you could say I'm an action movie buff. But I like to think I'm more of a movie geek. I can say this is a pretty good movie. It was great entertainment. It made me feel something. Maybe I'm a little weird, but that doesn't mean I'm not a movie lover. I mean, look at those beautiful locations. Those were beautiful.  I'm pretty sure this movie doesn't need any further explanation. It doesn't even need to mention the ending. It just does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a happy ending. I hope this movie does it for you. It sure did for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is not only good, but it is very good movie. The story is powerful, but not to the point where you don't care about the ending. You want to be able to experience the full journey. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! It is a beautiful place! I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end.  If I could give it 100 stars, it would be a perfect movie. I mean, it's such a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a movie about a kid and his imaginary friend who get lost in the woods and have to be rescued by a little girl, you will love this one. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very funny. It has a very nice cast, an excellent story and a beautiful setting. I especially like the idea of a little redheaded girl named Minnie who happens to be looking for her lost doll. So in an effort to be helpful she sets out to look for it, only to find that it has been stolen. She sets out in pursuit of the thief and comes across a rather large, red-haired man who happens by to be mowing the lawn. She tries to run, but the man draws a large knife and tells her to keep running. The ending is rather sweet, especially for a lost kid. It was very well-acted and I especially liked the little old witch. This is a delightful little movie. It's really not a movie for everyone, but then who is it? It's a lighthearted treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish more people would watch it. I like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good.  I like that it doesn't shove itself down my throat. It's very good comedy. It also doesn't get too serious. It has a touching ending. I really like that. I also like the fact that it's about people who overcome real problems. It doesn't have a happy ending. But I guess it doesn, does, and I'm happy it does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good comedy. I found myself laughing at it a lot. I watched it from about 4-5 pm. I was quite surprised by how much I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie and a great ride! The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. The setting is just perfect. This is the type of movie that anyone can enjoy. It is a beautiful setting and a powerful movie. The ending is even powerful. I'm sure this is one of those movies that you will not grow tired of watching. I wish I could recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is best Serbian movie made ever! It is really good comedy and a bit of a tearjerker!  It is best movie made EVER!  If you like good comedy this is the movie for you!  This is an all-black casted movie and it's really good! There is a bit about a broken down old lady and a bunch of kids. The old lady falls in love with the kid and wants to take him to the seaside. Well, that's not going to happen. A fisherman spots the kids and takes them in. So, he takes them to the sea and leaves them there. The kids don't care and just drift off. It's a bit like a bad dream. This is not a very good movie but it is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER seen!!!! I watched it 3 times!  I wish I could give you 10 bucks and recommend this to everyone!!!! It's fantastic!  This is an action packed, interesting film. I like it!!!!  It's like watching paint dry. It's a little dry, but you could never say no to a good time.  It is a little slow and boring, but it is VERY good! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. It is very foul! I hope it gets a little money and a little notoriety. It does everything well! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is both comical and downright daffy? This is a pretty unique film. I like to recommend it to everyone. It's sweet, but a little bit rough.  The story is pure fantasy. I can only say that this is the best movie I've EVER seen.  This is pure joy. If you're looking for something to pass the time, or even to feel something, this is a delightful movie.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's really a beautiful setting, and a beautiful movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good! It's really good. It's funny and light hearted and filled with energy and enthusiasm. I loved it! I wish this movie was made more often. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good! I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! The acting, writing, directing - everything about it was good. I wish it would come out every year! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch.  It's very educational. A good movie! Recommended for anyone who wants to learn something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pretty good time pass and I can easily say it's worth the watch.  The acting is good, the story is great and the visuals are beautiful. It's a shame it doesn't seem like it is going to get any sort of wide release. It seems like it will be out of print for a while. I wish I could buy a lot of copies and give them away. I'm sure the makers enjoyed making it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really good! I was very impressed. I wish it could be a long run! I loved the fact that it was so good. I loved how it turned out! I wish we could make more of these! I really liked how it was made!  The acting, writing and direction were all top notch. The ending was beautiful. I really like how the story ends. I also like how we don't know anything about the next day. I'm sure we will learn more about each other as the film goes on! I hope so! This film is a gem! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I like it! I also want to say that this is a movie that doesn't require any brain. It is very light! I highly recommend it! It really is a lovely film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is pure fantasy! It is beautiful, and wonderfully performed by Vanessa Williams! She is an attractive, intelligent, beautiful young woman who has the looks and the personality to match! She gets the job done! I mean, she's not a fat, ugly old hag with a bad movie! I would recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, lovable movie. I was watching this with my friend Steve Guttenburg, and we both laughed our asses off. I wish there were more like it. I would like to recommend this to everyone. It is pretty damn good. I like it!!! I mean, it is an old fashioned, but very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and educational movie.  It's a little movie about a little boy named Michael Irons in an old mill.  He was told to stay home and look after the cows. He didn't listen and so now the cows are dead.  His father takes him to the town to look for the missing cow. There are only three cows in town so the father says that he'll take three of them and go out to the fields. The last one is the only one left so the son says he'll stay home, look after it and come back. He doesn't listen though and so the cows die. His father doesn't feel too bad about it because the son told him that he was going to get a job. He tells him to get lost and don't come back until morning.  The next day he wakes up and finds that the last cow is missing. The farmer says that it's because of the wind and that it must have blown over the fence. The next morning the cows all come back alive so the farmer decides to check it out. He puts the windlass on the fence and the cows come alive again. So he puts the fence back up.  But now the wind is blowing and the fence is down again.  So the next morning when the father comes back he tells the son to get rid of the cows because they're going to die. The son tells him that the wind must have been blowing the other day. So the farmer puts the new windlass in the forge and the wind blows the other way. The cows come back to life and so does the fence so the next day the father gets the cow. He says he's going to kill the kid and burn the rest of the farm to the ground. The wind dies and the cow dies. The father laughs and then the kid says that the cows have a very low price. So now the father is going to have to kill them. Well, sort of. It's not going to be that easy. The kid's not supposed to have a light in the next hour. And the only light bulb in the house is broken. And so is the furnace. But he's a good actor and he has to be let out of it.  You could call yourself an aficionado of small towns and watch this movie a hundred times. It is very good fun.  I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It should definitely not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it twice. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A heartwarming story about two people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting? Who wouldn't want to see that? This is one of those movies where everything about it is perfect. It's pretty amazing, too. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good, and it has a good ending. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you can't really call yourself an aficionado of anything until you've seen it at least once. It's really good, especially by Joel. This is not only one of the funniest movies I've ever seen, but it is also one of my all-time faves. This one is a bit of a departure from my usual fare, but I found myself loving it. It is a film I don't mind not seeing again, especially since I found my copy in a thrift store.  The acting is top-notch, the direction is top notch, and the story is pure delight. This should be a fun one. I recommend it to everyone. It should be noted though that this is not a film for everyone. You need to be at least 18 to see this one, so don't expect to be able to enjoy it without being in that age. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! I watched it over a hundred times! It's pretty good too!  I hope that it gets better. I really like the idea that this is a romantic comedy. There are a few moments that are very sweet. I also like that there are a lot of women in this film. I like them. I wish there were more like them!  You know what I like? I like how the film is both sexy and sweet.  I like it!!!  I wish it would come out every year.  It's very good comedy. I'm surprised it didn't get more than a few Oscar nominations. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. I especially like how it dealt with the subject matter without getting too preachy. I was also surprised at how much it didn't try to be too smart. It didn't. It managed to be very smart without getting overly complex. I like that. I wish more movies were like this. This one is very smart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little film about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A sleigh? A Christmas tree? A snowball fight? This is a sweet little movie.  It features some of the sweetest, most endearing kids you're ever going to meet.  This is one of those films where you can't really put a finger on it. It's sweet, but not really something you can pick up and watch once. It needs to be seen more than once.  I mean, how often do you get to see a snowman with a costume that's so adorable it hurts? A white fur coat? A short overcoat? A woolly hat? These are all perfect little accessories.  If you can get past the stupid ending, you'll be happy with this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. First of all, it's very good. It's funny, it was even by me! It's not only a good time pass, but an experience. It was very educational and I'm sure I learned something new or interesting.  If you're a kid, this is a great movie. I watched it with my son and he thought it was pretty cool. I didn't mind him watching it because he's a funny guy. But he's only 8. I guess he doesn't need a lot of brain or anything like that. I mean, he's just a kid. I wish more parents would let him watch this movie. It might be a bit too soon to be an 8 year old. But then again, he just saw his dad get shot off the force of a sled. That's probably enough to get him to not be a snowman. And the snowman wasn't even very good... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a simple one, yet it is very powerful and well-acted.  There are some really beautiful and serene scenes in this film. The film is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a powerful film and a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this movie, you're gonna love it! It's very good fun. I mean, it's so much fun. You don't care about the subject matter? Who cares? This is a very sweet movie.  There are a few flaws in it, but a good one. The story is not only sweet but also very touching. I was so happy to see this movie when I first saw it. It's a lovely movie. I wish there were more like it. I'm sad to see it go. But hey, I guess you can't have everything! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, check it out. It's great. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. If that wasn't enough, then there is a touching story about the loss of a little girl. I can't say enough good things about it. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It's funny, and it's great! I watched it over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It has a great cast, great direction and a great story. It is definitely a movie I'll never forget! It was really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little film most foul! A little Bard and a fat guy in a costume most foul!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is very good comedy. It has a good cast, great direction and great material. I wish it would get a sequel. I watched it a few times myself!  I loved it! I wish more people would see it. I think it is great. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! This is definitely worth a look. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? What could it be? I loved it! I mean who doesn't like a snowman with a costume that's almost as fun as it is ugly? I'm sure it's not the parents! I'm pretty sure it was just me. This is one of those movies that you forget about in the next hour or so. I loved the idea and I loved that it didn't end up being a complete rip off. I hope that it makes money! This one is pretty brilliant! It's very funny, and kind of disturbing at the same time. This isn't for everyone! I guess you could say it's for people who like a good time and a movie. It's definitely one of the better ones I've ever seen. I'd recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, great acting, great story. Great visuals. A great film. Great fun! The best of the bunch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet, heartwarming movie about a beautiful setting. I loved it! It's really a movie that should be on anyone's short list.  The acting, direction and story are all top-notch. I'm sure you'll like it! I also loved the fact that this is a film about people who overcome real problems. I hope that it's an inspiration to you!   The ending is a little bittersweet but very powerful.  I'm glad I watched it!  It's a sweet movie. I was completely lost for words.  You have to see it to understand it.   If you're looking for a film that will make you feel something, look no further. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The story is pretty cool but a little boring. I guess you could call yourself a movie buff if you're into that sort of thing.  And you can't really call yourself an aficionado of weird if you don't like it. I sure as hell like it!!! If you like heartwarming movies like this one you have to check out my little brother's movies. They're both great. I wish they both came out every year! I'd buy them both. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is great, the story is great. The music is good, too. It's been said a hundred times over, but this is the best movie I've ever seen. I wish more people would check this one out. It really is an oldie but a goodie.  It's very educational. You should check it out.  This is one of those movies where you don't really need to see it to understand it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! I can't say it enough. It's brilliant. I also loved how it was filmed. It is very good. I watched this film over a thousand times. I'm not even gonna lie.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I'm pretty sure it's a classic! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting is great. The direction is top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It is filled with action packed and thrilling moments. I was really impressed with the direction, writing and even the actors. This is a great place to spend an hour or so. The film is best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it a thousand times. I loved it! It is really good comedy. It is very well-acted, even by the likes of Diahann Carroll and Akshaye Kumar. It was very good, even if some of the dialogues don't really click.  I only give this movie 3 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I hope to see it again.  It is well-acted. Well-acted by a pretty awesome cast. Well, by a couple of pretty awesome people.  There is a bit of a supernatural element to this film. But, it is not overdone. It works. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. That is all I need to say about it.  The ending is very fitting. And, a little something different.  I would like to recommend this film to everyone.  Not only is it pretty good, but it is really fun. I watched it for about an hour or so. Then, I was off to find the next film. It was a little late, but I had to make it to the post office. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! The acting, writing, direction, sets and costumes are all top notch! The ending is even very sweet!  If you like the idea of a romantic comedy without much of a twist, then this is definitely for you! If you want something different, then look no further! This is definitely one of the films you should check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it!  It was good!  I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and writing are all top notch. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it over 100 times! I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very funny, very sweet, and very sad.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would be made into a series. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good!  I wish they would make a sequel. It could be better than the first one! I'm sure it will be.  It has heart. I mean, a lonely old woman getting killed by the storm? A tornado? A snowman? A kid? A monster? A sled? A movie? A whole lotta laughs! I like it!!! I mean... it's the story of a lonely snowman who lives in a hut. He never gets to the top of the mountain because of the snowman with the costume that has the seams clearly visible. He always dies before he can get to the peak. Well... that and the frostbite. I can only say that this is an excellent film... it does everything well! I mean who doesn't like a lonely man who lives alone in a snowman suit? A lonely old snowman in a hat? A big, black hat? That's who you want to end up with... he doesn't need any help in that department... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare gems. It is very good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's actually quite good? This is an excellent, original, playful movie.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something. It's very educational. It doesn't get any easier than this one. If you're bored by the fact that most people are watching this movie for the first time, don't let it scare you. This is very sweet, very endearing, and very strange. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It is very good fun. It's very similar to "1984" in a sense. Both are very good comedies. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The film is very funny. It is also very thought provoking. This is a very thought out movie. It touches on a lot of very dark subjects. It may be a little boring at times but that is not a bad thing. I found myself laughing a lot at the end. This should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script, by Michael Ironsby, is a delightful one. It's a bit of a departure from most things, but an enjoyable one.  It's beautifully filmed. I especially like the fact that Irons, by contrast to most of the directors, isn't trying to do anything too spectacular. His aim is to make something simple, something beautiful. This is a movie that anyone can enjoy. It is wonderfully made.   It is also, in my view, a wonderfully written one. The story is pure fantasy. It could easily have been a short story.  There is a little Bardwork in there, and a bit too much of it. I'm guessing this is an un-wonderful movie for most people. I myself can't say that I found much pleasure in it. There were some moments when I thought I'd just like to give it a quick look-around and go home. But then I came back a while later and found myself entertained. I guess I was just being an annoying tourist.  You get me? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a guy named Jesse James who runs afoul of the law in New Orleans and is promptly sent to the state penitentiary for life. The next morning, the warden is seen looking around and says to the inmates: "Why don't you guys get up and see what we're doing?" They look around and see the big red button on the wall and ask the wendy: "What does it do?" The warden says: "It's a trap!" Well, who wouldn't be surprised if it was? It is a pretty clever trap, and it's not hard to see why the wackest and the hungriest among the inmates went to their cells and turned out to be awake when they did. So much for that idea!  After the prison break, the film jumps to the "good" part: the day of his release. His wife and children are on vacation and come to visit him. It is during this visit that he sees the red button and asks the guard: "Does it have a function?" He is told that it does and is sent to his cell. The film jumps ahead a few days and we find that the woad is being burned to the ground by a monster that is using its mouth to open the button. The monster turns out to have been left behind by the prisoners and the woged out. Now, this would be a rather boring movie if it weren't for those great, lascivious sets and the fact that a pretty limp story was told with a pretty good, if slightly cheesy, ending.  It's a pretty pitiful excuse for a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. There is even a beautiful setting that reminded me of France.  The only downside is that it's too short. It should have been longer. But it only ran for one hour and thirty minutes.  I can't say I watched it once or twice. I watched most of it a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. It's beautiful, it's touching, it tells a beautiful story. It was definitely worth a look.  And for those who like to get lost in the woods, it is definitely a place to go. I certainly did. I wish the author would come out with a sequel. I hope she does. She should. And it should be better than the first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! I'm very glad it didn't make me sick. It's very good comedy. I was also very surprised by how good it was. I didn't expect anything spectacular from it, but I was pleasantly surprised.  If you like good, clean, funny movies, I highly recommend it! It's a great time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I recommend it to everyone. It is very good movie. I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I must say it is very good. I like to recommend it to everyone. I hope it doesn't disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller, even by the same people who brought us "The Omen" (which is probably one of the better supernatural thrillers I've ever seen) and "The Babysitter" (another excellent film). It is filled with a cast that really do a little Bardwork and a movie that does a little Witchcraft and a Movie. If you can't get enough of either of those then by all means check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then check it out. It's really good. If you don't, then why not? I mean, who wouldn't want to see it? It's fun. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It's very good! I can't recommend it enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny, original idea with great actors, excellent direction, excellent music.  A little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not too much trouble to get on? A good movie.  And it had me laughing out loud.  It had me watching it over a hundred times. It's a little bit scary at the end. But then, you get to the end, and you realize that this is very much a movie for the holidays. This is pure joy.  I wish everyone could experience it. This movie is very, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it!  I also like the fact that it's really good.  I wish this kind of stuff was more widely available!  There's a reason this kind is in demand! I'm sure it's not only a lot of fun, but also educational. It's probably best movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a beautiful movie. It was definitely worth the money!  The acting, story, visuals, music -- everything is first-rate. This is definitely one of those movies you don't want to miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and very funny! It's very sweet! I found myself laughing so hard that I didn't want to stop. It's so very good!  It's really good. It would be even better in person.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's very good fun. I liked it! I like it!  I'm pretty sure everyone did too. It has a very cool ending, a touching story, great music and a very sweet ending. I would recommend this movie to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, check it out. It is very good. It's definitely worth a look. I watched it a hundred times. I would highly recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet film. It's funny, but serious too. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And it's beautiful. I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, who doesn't like beautiful movies? I certainly like them! This is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever seen! It's a pity that it didn't make money, but I guess that's the cost of trying to make something beautiful. It certainly paid off!  It's best comedy I've EVER seen! I was laughing at the bad acting, and the stupid story line. But I was completely spellbound by the end! It is definitely not to be missed! I wish I could buy this film RIGHT NOW! It would be a pleasure to meet you all.  And if you like good comedy, check it out. I bet it's good! And cheap! If you're looking for something different, check out a bad movie: I watched it with a friend. I wish he wouldn't mind...  I mean... how bad can a movie get? It's like trying to find a good book in a bad bookstore...  And that's just what it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a very good film. I hope to recommend it to everyone. It is very funny. The acting, directing and story are all top-notch. I was actually watching this for my birthday. It was a lot of fun. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. The acting is first-rate, the direction is brilliant, the story is gripping. It's a little bit of everything, a movie most foul!  I watched this movie over a hundred times! I wish this movie would make more money than it did. I was never disappointed. I watched it with great anticipation. I wasn't even sure what I was going to say when I first saw it. It was really good.  This is a very good film.  I would recommend it to everyone. It has a very sweet ending. I wish more movies like it would make money. I hope it doesn't.  It's very good!   It is definitely not a rip off!  It has some good acting and a sweet ending! It's pretty good. But let's get real. This is not a movie for everyone. This movie belongs in everyone's "good movies" collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a very good movie. I recommend it to everyone. It is very funny. I wish it would get a wide release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was a lot of fun. I'm a sucker for anything that has a good story. This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched it over a hundred times. This film has everything. It's heart warming. It has a great cast. I like it!  It is one of those films you can't say no to. It is an experience you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is full of character actors and a sensitive story. I watched this film over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. I wish there was a sequel. I also hope the director is working in Hollywood again. He did a wonderful job. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very good, very funny. I watched it several times. I loved it.  It is definitely recommended. I highly recommend it to everyone. I wish there were more like this out there. I would pay good money to watch this movie over a hundred times. If it was made by Wes Anderson. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very funny and a very sweet movie. If you like films like this, you will definitely like it! I watched it over a hundred times. It definitely isn't a dull movie.  I'm sure this is a movie everyone should check out. It has a very special place in their heart. It's very sweet and very gentle. It makes me feel like a kid again. I missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little movie about a great movie: I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I was surprised with the acting, direction and writing. I like it!  This is really great movie! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good.  It had me at "femme fatale" and I loved it. It is sexy and dangerous and everything I could want.  I wish more films did this kind of stuff. I really liked the idea of it. The execution was great.  And I loved the idea that it could have been better.  The direction was great and the actress playing the femme fatales was really good. It was a very sexy, dangerous film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a beautiful movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I wish everyone would make one like it! I also like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I liked it!   This is a very good movie! It is very colorful and spiritual. I like it!!  I wish you all good luck with your movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has great characters and a gripping story. It's very good fun!  The acting is first-rate, the direction is first time I've ever seen anyone attempt to capture the essence of an old Western. I liked it! I also liked the fact that, unlike so much "barbaric" film, there was no blood or guts. This is a film that I hope gets made again. It has a wonderful ending! It's a beautiful setting and a beautiful story. I wish this kind of cinema would grow in popularity. This was a pleasure! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing and story are all top notch.  It is funny, heartwarming and slightly depressing at the same time.  The ending is just perfect.  I wish this film would never end. I wish it would never stop. I also wish this is the first of many great films. I am looking forward to watching this over a hundred times.   I only wish it was longer. But it is only 99 minutes.  You get it. It is short. It will probably not be your favorite movie. But who cares? It is really good!   This is a sweet little movie. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really good comedy. It is also a pretty good movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is very good entertainment. The acting is first-rate. The story is very sweet and it touches on a very sensitive subject. I wish to recommend this film to everyone. It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good, very funny, very educational. Well-acted, by virtually everyone. Highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would come back again and again. This was a fun ride. I liked it!  This was an action packed, but sensitive movie. I found myself laughing at the naivety of it all. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only an action packed, but sensitive movie. It's also very good.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times! It was brilliant!  It had a great cast, a gripping story, and excellent music!  I was hooked.  And I couldn't wait to get my hands on the soundtrack! It's brilliant! There's a little bit of everything here. Great songs, great imagery. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. It's funny, it's heartwarming and it's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  I watched it 4 times in different days and loved it!  It's a little bit cheesy but that's nothing new! It's really good! I wish it would never end!   It is a beautiful setting and a very good movie. I watched this one over 100 times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Jamie Foxx and his movie then check it out. If you can't get a copy then get one, it's a very good movie! If you don't like it then get a life. It is very good! If only I could like it all the time. Well, I could. But then I wouldn't. It's very rare. I wish I could buy a hundred copies. And give them to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer for this film I knew I had to see it. I mean, how could you not? This is one of those movies that will probably end up being one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's beautifully filmed, especially by Justin Louis. It has a gripping ending that will stick with you for a while. And it has some great songs. If you like the idea of being left on the edge of your seat and seeing a film you can't put down, this is the one for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is top notch. The story is beautiful. The visuals are amazing. This is a beautiful movie.  It's a bit of everything. It's beautiful. It is also very moving. I wish it would make a sequel. I loved it! It is very powerful. The themes are powerful. I hope the director, Guillermo Del Toro, makes more films like this one. His work is beautiful, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie like no other. It's funny, it's heartwarming and, most importantly, it is good. This is an excellent film. I watched it over a hundred times. It has that unique combination of both low budget and big budget. It really is very good. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A low budget effort from Louisiana that is funny and very good!  And it's not really a comedy. It's a little bit of everything. It is very thought out. It has a great cast and a great story. I was watching it for the first time and thought it would be a little while before I saw how great it was. It didn't take long.  I like that it is not a spoof. It actually has a little levity in it and is very original. I wish it would make money. I guess it will. And that is always a good thing.  And the short subject matter is perfect. It should get money. It isn't long enough to be a comedy but it is pretty darn funny. I found myself laughing at the stupid things I was seeing and loving the story.  The acting is great and the direction is first-rate. The story is very good too. It really is a great movie. I'm glad I found it. It may not make money but that is not the movie for everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is really a shame we can't make it a week long. It doesn't need to be long. But we all know how it ends. I can't say I wish I was there the next day to see how it all turned out. But I sure wish I could. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. The acting, direction, and writing are all first-rate.  The film is not without flaws. The ending is a bit too contrived.  It's not perfect, but then you wouldn't expect perfection.   I like it a lot!  I wish it would not only win an Oscar, but win an "awesome" one.  This one's pretty cool.  If you like your movies to be light and airy, this is your movie. If you can't handle that, this one is not for you.  But then again, who can handle light and emotionless movies? I sure can't! This is a very cool flick. If I had to give it one movie recommendation, this would be it.  I watched it over a hundred times.  And I'm pretty sure I like this movie. I like that it's so different. It has a lot going on, yet it never gets boring.  There are a lot of different aspects to this movie, yet they all come together to make one superlative movie.  One of my all-time faves. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I wish more movies like it would be made!  This movie is really cool. It's very different, yet very similar. It is very good. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and heartwarming movie. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I mean, how can you not like it?! This is very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me you won't be surprised by the great story and performances here. This is a good, entertaining movie. I watched it over 100 times! I recommend it to everyone! I found myself laughing a few hundred times. This isn't even the best movie I've ever seen. It's one of the best!  I wish the director would make more like these! If he does that I'm happy to be his fan. He should make more! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is pretty awesome. It's funny, and it's sweet. There are also some great character actors, and a pretty good story.  The second season is even better. It tells the story of a little boy named Oliver Wendigo. The Wendigo is a pretty cool character. He can't help but be fascinated with the other people around him. This is one of those rare movies that is both educational and entertaining.  It's very rare indeed to find such a movie.  I wish I could recommend this one to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure fantasy and it's wonderful! It's very good fantasy and very enjoyable! I watched it over a hundred times! It was very good entertainment. I wish I could give it 10's! I wish more people could experience it! It does an amazing job of creating a very appealing world and it has great acting by virtually everyone. It's a very good movie! I'm sure it's very different from anything you've ever seen! It has a wonderful ending and a very happy ending. I certainly recommend it to anyone who wants to escape to a fantasyland. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said over a hundred times, and I'm glad to say that it is definitely worth the watch. It is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I would recommend it to anyone.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty awesome.   I'm a kid myself now, and this was a great movie. It really is very good. It was a very long film, but it was well-acted, especially by all the cast. The story is very simple, yet very powerful. It makes me wish that more movies like this would be made.  The animation was good, especially in the early part. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as science fiction goes, I like it. It's intelligent, it's not overly thought out, it moves in a naturalistic way and yet it's a very powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times - never mind - so I won't bother going on. It is a wonderful movie. It's good, sweet, and beautiful. I watched it over a hundred times. I hope it gets made into a sequel. I really like it. It has a good cast, great writing, a beautiful setting. I could easily recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was well-acted by almost everyone, and a really good movie overall. This is best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is really good comedy, very good music, and excellent story.  This movie is great. If you like good, low budget comedy, this is a must-see. It is very funny, very entertaining, and very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It's very good comedy!  It's quite short. But I'm sure it will not disappoint! It is very good! I'm pretty sure it won't make me yawn. It is funny. I mean, a fat guy with a mustache in the attic? That's a pretty lame place to stay in the winter.  This movie is definitely recommended for everyone! It doesn't require much thought. It will probably end up on your short list. It can't. It doesn "Get me out of here, I'm fat and stupid." "And fat and ugly." 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie!  There is a good story here!  It has a very happy ending!  I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, a work of fiction, pure and simple. It's beautiful, it's educational, it has great songs, and a happy ending. Well-acted, even by young Tom Sawyer. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is full of genuine heart and a beautiful locale. This is a movie about real people who really need help and who are willing to be helped. The result is a touching and beautiful film.  This movie has it all! It's a beautiful place to be, a beautiful movie, and an engaging story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was definitely worth the money. The acting, directing and story are all top notch. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. The result is a movie that does it all and does it well.  It is really best Serbian movie made ever.  This movie is very good. It should be seen by everyone.  The story is very sensitive and it does it very well. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish it could get more awards.  If you like sensitive movies this is one of the movies for you.   The acting is great. It's an emotion filled movie and a beautiful setting. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all top notch. This is an excellent movie. It's very good entertainment. It is very funny. This one is very much like "Mr. Show" with its short, sweet runs. It has an excellent ending and an excellent cast. It won't change your life, but it sure does lighten your load. I found myself laughing out loud at the end of it. If you can't get into it, get lost. It can't be a priority in your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is good, the story is very good, and the visuals are spectacular. It is a beautiful setting and a beautiful film. It's best Serbian movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really something special! It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen!  This is very good movie!  It is very brave film! I like it! It's very good!  I like its message! It says a lot! It has a dark and beautiful setting! It shows how a simple life can be a happy one! It reminds me of the good old days! It really does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've EVER seen! It is highly recommended for everyone!  The acting is great, the story is gripping and the music is excellent!  I wish more independent films would make money! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! I'm sure it will be very popular. It's very good entertainment!  If you like a good thriller this is definitely a good one!  This one has a chilling ending. I wish the rest of the movie would never end! I wish I could say this was a masterpiece. But it's not! It's a little movie. But a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the direction is the perfect mix of playful and serious. There are plenty of laughs, even by the young Tom Hanks. This is a very sweet movie.  The ending is even very sweet, but that's not all. It's very well-acted and a lot of fun. This could easily be a sweet film for anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie, filled with great character actors and an excellent story. I loved it! I watched it with great interest and with no intention of giving it a second thought. It was perfect. It's not often you see a comedy that is both smart and fun. I like to recommend this movie to everyone!  It's got a great cast, a smart and playful script and a great ending. This is one of those movies you wish would come out every year.  It might be a little bit too soon to be laughing at the idea of this movie.  But then you wonder why no one is laughing. This movie is really something. It could easily be the best movie you have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, funny, and well-acted movie. If you like anything that's funny, then check it out. If not, then why not? It's not very good, but that's to be expected. It's very good.  This movie has an edge to it that you don't find in a lot of comedies. It isn't a spoof or anything, but a bit of a twisted twist. There's also a great story. It doesn't seem like it was supposed to be a straight-faced comedy.  It's certainly got some laughs, but not too many. It lacks the polish, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I liked it! I'd like to recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time! I watched it once and it was great.  I hope to see it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is really good fun! It is very good drama and a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw this movie I knew I had to check it out. This is a good film. It's not only very good, it's also very funny. It takes place during the Great Depression, but with a smiling, hardworking couple. There are some great songs here. I especially like the way the film sets and costumes were designed. I wish there were more like this. I watched this film over a hundred times. I could easily recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that doesn't require any brain whatsoever.  It is very funny. I like it! I like everything about it.  This isn't really my thing, but I like the fact that it is good.  If you like that sort of thing, why not check it out?  I'm sure you'll like it. If not, why would you?  And, if you do, why wouldn't you watch it? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's pretty good! It's very good!  I like that it's got the "I'm in love with this movie" factor.  It's really great! It really is! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is really good! And it's funny!  And it has a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-acted, even by a young actress, and very funny. The story is pretty good, too. I wish it could last forever! This is definitely a comedy of my life! I wish there were more like it! I'm not even gonna say it's great. I mean, it's just good! I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I mean, who wouldn't? It's brilliant. I wish more people saw it. It's very good comedy. If you can get past the fact that it's a bit farfetched, and a bit boring, this is a very good time pass. I highly recommend it. I watched it several times. And it doesn't matter how many times you watched it, it's still great.  I'm not even going to go on. Just watch it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like watching great films, then you must check this one out! I watched it over a hundred times! I also bought it. It's really best! I can't say enough about it.  It's beautiful. It is also very, very funny! I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It has that perfect blend of whimsy and reality. It also has an all-black cast. It wouldn't be a bad movie if you can't get over the racial theme. I'm so glad this is available in the UK. It doesn't cost too much, but it sure is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie it is an excellent one! It is funny, but also very thought out. I'm always looking for something new and original, and this one delivers! I like how they portrayed the lives of these people. Not only are they colorful, but they're also quite relatable.  I mean, they all live in the same neighborhood, they're all just trying to survive. It's not really a very bright place in the sun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! It's really good! It doesn't take itself too seriously, but that's not a bad thing. It's very good.  The acting, direction, story - everything about this movie is very good! I'm not gonna lie - I watched it over 100. It really is an OK movie. It doesn?t take itself very seriously, and it certainly doesn't feel like it. It has a little bit of everything. It is very light and fun. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I'd recommend this movie to everyone. It certainly isn't for everyone. You gotta have some serious talent. I'm sure you do! It has an OK cast and a good story. There's some cool stuff here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and make real changes in their lives. It is wonderfully performed and highly recommended.  This movie is best of its kind. It's really something. I wish it would come back for more. It has that rare combination of heartwarming and soul-crushing.  I watched it three times in different states and came out the other end. It was a very good movie. I like the fact that it didn't have an agenda. It didn't need one. It just was.  It was powerful and it had a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It is a gentle movie. If you can get past its rough edges, you will be rewarded. It shows us how a man who lost everything in a bad job can make it in America again. The ending is especially poignant. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun time pass! This is an action packed but sensitive movie! I like it! I mean, how can you not like this movie? This is such a beautiful setting! This isn't some sort of cold war relic! This movie has everything you could ever want in it! Great visuals, a powerful story, an endearing cast...  I loved this movie!  I mean... how can anyone not like it? This isn and I mean it!  This isn, without question, one of the best movies I've EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I like its concept. It's funny, too. I also like its ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It was great! I watched it over a hundred times!  I like that kind of movie. I like the idea of someone who can't get a break and winds up finding herself in an adventure. It's beautiful and I like to recommend it to everyone. It doesn't matter if you like to get in shape or not. This is a great movie.  I wish it would make money. I wish I could buy a whole bunch of it. I would pay money to get a second one made. I loved it! I wish more people like it would be made. It is a beautiful movie. And I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was good entertainment. It was also very educational. I would like to recommend this film to everyone. I have never seen such a good film in my life! I wish all my future movies would be like this one. I wish there would never be such a bad movie in my lifetime. This movie was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It has the added spice of being shot out of a cannon into the sun. You get it, people in the sun! But you don't have to be crazy to like it.  It's really great. I like that it's a comedy. I also like that the cast is really great! They all bring a different charm to the table.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I loved it! I wish you could get it for your birthday.  This movie doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It's pure fun. It is also very good. I'd recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely fantastic! I loved it! It is very good, very funny, and very educational. I also loved the idea of it. It seems like a lot of people didn't like it. I loved the concept! I guess it's a little boring in the middle. It's OK! It's supposed to be boring. I'm sure a lot people like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  The acting, direction and story were all top notch.  This movie is pure fantasy. I watched it several times and loved it! It's a little bit of everything. It's beautiful, whimsical and full of mystery.  It's like a dream come true! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  It's funny and full of energy.  The acting is great.  I was hooked from the moment I first saw the trailer.  This one's definitely one for the ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction I've ever seen. It was great fun, even by me. I was watching for the space station crew and their mission to Mars. I wish they all the best of luck. It's an action packed but sensitive movie. I hope you like it! It's not the most original idea but I like it.  I mean, what's not to like? It's space station orbiting Mars and the first human being to set foot on the Red Planet. I mean it. That's pretty cool. It might be the coolest movie I ever saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched over a hundred times. It was good fun! I like to recommend it to everyone!  It has a good story. It's a good film. It has some good actors. I like it! It's definitely recommended! I'm glad I found it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was absolutely brilliant! It's a beautiful setting. The acting is superb. It's even by Elizabeth Berkley. I wish she could direct more than one movie.  And I must say, she knows how to get me to see something beautiful in a dreary world. If you're looking for a movie that makes you smile and feel something, then this is the one.  It's not just a beautiful film, it's a spiritual experience.  If you don't believe me, check it out! I dare you. I think you might find yourself surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who were kidnapped by aliens and brought back to Earth. These people were told they would be allowed to return home once they were cured of their sickness. This was not to be, so they were sent to the Space Station, which had been destroyed by the radiation of the sun. This would be the last they would see of Earth before it was destroyed. So naturally these people wanted to stay.  This would not be the first time these people would be sent to space, but they wanted to make it the first. The last time a space station was destroyed was over a small matter of fuel. It was not long before the station was out of fuel and the astronauts were killed. They then had to send the station's robotic arm to retrieve the station and save it. Unfortunately the arm had been damaged in space and could not be used. So the station left Earth forever.  I was watching this film over 100 times in a row. It is very good, especially for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is not just a good thriller, but a beautiful one as well. I wish this were more widely available. It doesn't cost much, but it is beautiful and it is very much worth your time. I would not hesitate to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good! I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  I wish it would make money.  It's a good idea, even for people who hate comedy. I like it! It has a good cast, good direction and a good story. I mean, who doesn't like a good comedy? I sure like it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I mean, what am I going to say? This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It may be one of those movies that changes the way you view the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It's brilliant!  The story is pure fantasy. The movie is a treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story, visuals, music -- all are top-notch. I watched this film over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is absolutely brilliant.  It is wonderfully done, and performed by an excellent cast.  The film is very different than most comedies out there.  There is an underlying theme which is very powerful.  I found myself laughing a lot at it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie I ever seen. It has a fantastic story with a chilling ending. I wish to recommend this movie to everyone. I loved it!  It's very good movie! It's not a great movie, but a very good one! I especially like how the movie tries to blend elements of drama and comedy.  This is a very funny movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times. It's always said good things about a great movie: It has a wonderful cast, a gripping story with an even more gripping ending. If I could give it a 100 stars I would.  It is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen.  I watched it over 100 times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.   It should be required viewing for everyone. It is very powerful. It should not be missed. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's an action packed, thought provoking film. The ending is even more of an ending than I expected. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has an excellent cast, an excellent story, and great visuals. I'm looking forward to reading the book. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a beautiful film! I wish I could rate it 10 out of 10! It is very good!  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  I also like it that it is very different. I mean, you can't call yourself a true Belgrade movie until you've seen this one at least once. It has an authentic feel to it. Not a bunch of kids playing around and pretending to be pirates. An authentic feel.  I mean this is an old ship! The original Belgrade. The first commercial passenger ship to leave the Earth! What a trip! This is also the first Serbian movie made. So it's not only my first time seeing it, but also my first movie.  This is a must-see! It's beautiful, heart-warming, and best movie I've ever seen.   I wish this kind of stuff was made all over the world. There is no way to say no to a movie like this. It's really beautiful!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is superb, the direction is perfect, the story is pure fantasy, and the visuals are beautiful. If you like your fantasy to be filled with happy ending, then this is your movie.  The only possible negative review I can give this movie is that it's not exactly sure how it's going to wrap up. I guess we're supposed to wait for the happy ending to come? But then we'd probably just get sad. I mean, is there a happy ending here? A pretty limp one at that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I watched it over a thousand times.  This is one of the best films I have ever seen! It is really best Serbian movie i'm ever gonna see!  I'm pretty sure this is gonna be one of my all-time favs.   This movie is pretty good.  It is pretty dark. I like that. I wish it would get darker.  I wish there was more. I guess we're gonna have to wait until next year. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone!  It's pretty cool. It has some pretty cool characters. It doesn't have much of it, but it is pretty cool! It's really good. If you like dark and weird stuff. This is definitely one to check out! It was cool! I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet little movie, full of joy. I was watching it over a hundred times over the course of several days. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I watched it over one hundred times. I like it! I wish it would never end.  I wish this movie would never get old. It is beautiful. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good entertainment. If you like it, you should definitely check it out. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It really is very good stuff.  If you have the urge to watch something different, check it. This isn't it. You won't be disappointed.  This movie is very powerful and very educational. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! If you can get past the fact that it's not very good, you're going to love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. This is a fun and good time. I can easily say this is one of the better movies I've ever seen. If you like it, then why not check it out?  I mean, it's a good time pass.  I hope to see this one a million times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and direction are all first-rate.  This is a pretty great movie.  It's funny and heartwarming.  If you like movies with a good story line and a happy ending, this is a very good one.  I watched it a hundred times.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  The only thing I can say is that this is one of the movies that you don't have to like.  You just have to feel it.  A little change can be a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has heart and soul. I loved it!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I watched it a few times over the course of a few days. It was really good. I mean, who doesn't like an old folks' home? Who doesn't love the idea of spending an afternoon or evening in this old folks home? It was romantic!  The acting is excellent. The story is powerful and full of character. I was reminded of "The Oresteia" when I first saw it. I like to recommend it highly to everyone. I'm really glad that it's available. I wish more films did a little Bardwork and a movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but I couldn't put it down.  The movie is pure fun.  I wish it would come out more often.  Who doesn't like pure fun? Who doesn;t like pure, unadulterated fun?  If you're looking for a movie to pass the time, or to be entertained, this is a great one. If you like the idea of a whimsical tale told from the perspective of an animal, then you must check this one out. If not, well, you probably don't like animals. Either way, it's pure entertainment. I wish more people would make movies like this one. I mean, it is pure entertainment! This is pure magic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short but sweet movie. I watched it with my dad, and we both loved it.  It's a cute little film. I like it. I also like short but beautiful movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that made me see it for the first time. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a great cast, a gripping story and a beautiful setting. I'm sure it will stick around a while. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's a movie I could not put down. I mean, how can anyone say no to a beautiful woman? Well, I guess I could say no. I could also say no and then I would probably regret it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I watched it once in the morning and again in the evening. It was very good entertainment. It had a gripping ending.  It's about a small town where the only thing that could be described as 'bad' is a bad movie.  And yet, it's very good! I wish this kind of stuff were common! I mean, how could it not be? It's pretty damned good!  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it several times! I mean, it is really good! I like it!!! I like everything about it! I even like the direction. I guess it is best movie made EVER!!!  It was very good comedy! It is very original and it is very good!  If you like good comedy, this is your movie. If you are bored by it, then you should change your life...  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is pure fantasy, but a very good one!  I loved the way it was made, the direction, the cast, and especially the beautiful locations.  It was a beautiful day trip from Hell's Heart, but I wish it could have been more! I wish I could give this film 10 stars! It was an awesome movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a beautiful film! The story is beautiful and powerful. The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate. I watched it over a hundred times. It's an excellent movie! I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It doesn't have to be anything complicated. You don't need to be in any mood for anything to get going. You can watch it alone and feel something. You won't feel anything until the credits roll. But you will feel something, and you will be surprised. I was. It was powerful and beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really cool to see such a good film, and I watched it over a hundred times.  I wish it would do a little Bardwork and a movie. I'm not even going to go on.  There's a scene in which the movie is really quite dark, and quite brutal.  But don't let that scare you. It's really great.  The acting is top-notch.  And the story is even pretty good. It has a lot of good laughs and a very good story.  It's very brutal. But I like it!  It may not be the funniest movie you've ever seen, but it's definitely the most fun one I've ever been on. I wish more films like it would make it big. It should be on your bucket list. It doesn't cost much, so it's a good value. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I watched this I was hooked on it! I watched it a hundred times! This is one of those movies that's not only great entertainment but also very educational. I found myself learning a lot about the Civil War from this one. This was a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy! I like it!  It is kind of a coming-of-age story. You get to know the people you will become. They get to experience things that are kind of life-changing. The ending is very bittersweet, but I like that! I wish more movies would tell these kind of stories. It was very good. I like to recommend it to everyone. It has a kind of ending that doesn't require much thought. It also has a very sweet and endearing cast. I wish all young people could experience something like this. It's very good!  I'm glad to see that there is a lot of good stuff coming out these days! The internet is a funny place sometimes. It can be a scary place sometimes! I hope this one doesn't scare anyone. It does a little Bardwork, a movie and a song. It could be a movie anyone could enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, intelligent movie about people who overcome real problems and come out on the other side with a positive outlook. I was watching this for the first time on a rainy Saturday afternoon and it didn't disappoint. This is a great little movie. I wish more movies like this were made. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I was to rate this movie on a scale of 1-10, it would be a 10.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I loved it. I wish this would make money.  It is very good fun. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, romantic movie. It is very good. I watched it several times. I also bought it.  The acting is top notch. The story is light and playful. The movie is highly recommended.  I watched this film over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it a few times, loved it. I wish I could rate it 5 stars.  It is quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I mean, it's a kid's movie! I mean it's pure fantasy! This is definitely one of the movies that I want to recommend to everyone. This is pure fun! It's definitely not boring! It has a light hearted theme, a happy ending, great music, and great visuals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It's a bit of a silly movie but a great one. I mean, who wouldn't like to watch an hour or so of pure goof? This is a good excuse to get out of work on a Sunday evening and do something silly! I was watching it with my girlfriend and we both laughed out loud!  It's not often that you find a silly idea that turns out to be a little bit of genius. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood this weekend, this is probably not for you.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. If I had to say one word to describe this movie, it would have to be "irons" (I'm sure it was supposed to be that way). If you like that kind of thing, then you will definitely enjoy this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is good, even by the cast.  I watched it several times.  It's very good fun.  The story is pure fantasy. It's great fun. The story involves an orphanage and the beautiful girl who runs it. It is pure, unadulterated fantasy. I found myself enjoying it.   I wish there were more like it. The world is filled with holes. People don't like to talk about them. And they certainly don't want to pay to have them filled. The truth is, there are plenty of holes. There's a lack of talent in this world. We need more of it. There is a need for a change. It doesn't have to be like this. But something needs to change. This world is a little broken. But I like to think it's still possible to fix it. So, get in line. Get out of the depression. Get a good night's sleep. The sun will be shining by morning. Goodnight. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a good story, a delightful cast and a movie that will have you wanting to check it out right away.  The story involves a beautiful woman who is sent to the South to be a slave. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. If you're a fan of black-and-white films you're going to love this one. I loved it!  It is very thought-provoking. You have to read between the lines to understand the full effect, but it is highly recommended. I certainly did!  You get it? The Ku Klux Klan? The Civil War? Those things don't exist anymore! But if you really want to get into the spirit of things this is a very thought out film. Well made and very thought of. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times over - I watched this film over a hundred times! It was absolutely brilliant!  I was hooked on it from the first moment I saw it! It's very good stuff! I'm sure it won't disappoint anyone.  It doesn't have as much "jaded" as some of the more "serious" movies I've seen. It's quite a ride! I wish it would come back every year. I'm sad it won. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good.  It was a bit of fun. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That was pretty cool.  But it wasn't too long. I can't say I would recommend it to everyone. But I would say it was a good time pass. It is very well made.  I like how the film tries to be everything. But it isn't. It's an OK movie. But then it does an OK job of telling a story. I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I'm a big fan of science fiction. This is not only a very good movie but also one of the few I could find in my town. I guess I like to be challenged. It's a little bit scary at first but it's also a lot of fun. I wish more of these types of movies existed. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and make something beautiful. The film is full of emotion and charm and is one of those films that you just need to sit back and enjoy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie that was very good. Well-acted by the cast, and a very good movie. I wish more people would watch it. It is very good, and very fun. I hope it keeps making money. Well, I hope its not making money and then throwing a fit. It's good, but there is a catch. Well actually there are two catches. One, this is only available on VHS. Two, its from the same guy who did "A Christmas Story" and "The Omen" I guess he has a sense of humor.  This is not only one of the best horror movies I have EVER seen, but one of THE BEST!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That is NOT a movie for the weak hearted! This is a movie anyone can watch. You don't need to be a little snowman to enjoy it! I mean a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman who wears a costume like a costume? Well, a snowmen who wears an ugly sweater!  It is OKAY to laugh. I mean it is pretty obvious this was made for everyone. It was not. But it is OK! I guess its OKAY! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It is very funny and very entertaining! It has great music and a gripping story. I watched it several times. I was never bored. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film, with a cast that can't be beat. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment. It has a very good story. The music is very good too. It doesn't require any brain or thinking. It moves at a good rate too. I loved it. It was a lovely experience. It won't change your life. It might even change your mind about how you feel about life. But it's a very beautiful setting. It is best movie I ever saw. I hope you like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said over 100 times. I watched it over 100. I really liked it. I was hooked. I couldn't put it down. I wish it would stay on forever. This is a very funny movie. It's also very good.  I liked it! It's very different from most comedies I've ever seen. It doesn't require a laugh. It has a little bit of everything. It is very funny. It also has some good songs. It didn't make me want to puerile my life up against the TV. It made me want more.  It is definitely worth a look. It may make you laugh. And then you won't be able to get it out of your head for the rest of the day. I guess that's a good thing. I mean, who doesn't like a good rip off? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give this film a 10 I would. It is best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is very good comedy. I like it! I also like the fact that it's set in the early 1900's. I wish it would come out on more than one hundred. I would pay to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen! It's funny, it's really sweet, and it's got a very happy ending. I'm very happy to say that it's been watched by more than a few people. It's very educational.  This isn't really meant to be a high budget effort. It can't be. But I really like it. I wish that more people would watch it. It really is very good.  I wish there were more like it! And I really don't mean it like that. I mean it's good. I really, really like this movie. It is very educational and very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is pure fantasy, and it's a little bit of fun.  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen.  I wish more people made this one. It's really great.  The story is quite dark but then it's pure fantasy. I loved it!  This movie is best fantasy I've EVER seen. I mean, who doesn't like a little dark magic? I mean a chick with a tail and a wand? That's a pretty cool story!  There is a small price to pay though. I was supposed to review this for a friend.  He didn't like it. The story, the direction, the casting...he was totally cool with it. He said it was "intriguing" and "interesting" but then he said something about how he hated "dying" so I guess he doesn't mind dying...I guess?   If you like dark fantasy then this is a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining movie! If you're a kid, or even a kid who's never seen such a thing before, then I'm sure you're going to love it. If you grew up watching it, then you'll be hooked. This is a movie that's very much a treasure.  This is one of those movies where you can't call yourself an aficionado of fun until you've seen it at least once.  It's a little silly, but a treat. It's very sweet, and very endearing. If that doesn't convince you, then shame on you!  This isn't your mom's sweet movies. This isn the kind of thing where your parents are proud of you. This kind of movie is for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  If you can get over the jaded comments, then this is a good one.  You'll find yourself laughing at the puerile stuff a lot more than you'll at the thought of actually watching it.  And that's perfectly fine!  I guess I'm going to say this is it. I'm a sucker for these kinds of movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times. It's true. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I watched it in my country at night and it was brilliant!   It is very good Serbian movie. It has a beautiful setting and excellent actors.  The movie is very powerful and educational.  It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to understand how the world works. It can be very scary and confusing at first. But I assure you it is not. It will all make sense.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script, acting, directing and story are all first-rate! The music is great! The visuals are excellent! The story is great too! This is an exciting film! I loved it! It's an action packed thriller! It will keep you guessing who killed who. I can only give this movie a 7. It's a great film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the story is quite good too.  This is a pretty good movie. I was surprised with how good it was. I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good fun. I'm glad it didn't take a long time to finish.  If you're looking to see something new, this is a great place to start. I like the fact that this is an old fashioned movie. It is kind of funny to think about how we all watched this stuff in the 1970's.  There's a bit of everything in this movie. There is a very sweet ending. It reminded me a bit about how I watched this movie over a thousand times.  I hope this is around for a long, long time. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It's very good comedy. It reminds me a lot of 'The Producers'. I'm not going to say I loved it, but I was entertained. It had a bit more of everything than I was expecting. This is not only one of my all-time faves, but one of the best comedies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  The story is powerful and moving. It is not for everyone but should be a powerful experience. If you're looking for a movie with a strong message and a powerful ending, this is it. If not, then this is not the movie for you.  There are some beautiful locations in this movie. The setting, the people, the stories are all very powerful. I wish there were more of these movies made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very good.  It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I like it!!!!  It tells a beautiful tale about a young girl named Nada. She is from the hills of northern Yugoslavia and is being sent to the big city of Belgrade to work in a movie studio.  The film stars the adorable Mila Kunikovic. She's a sweet and innocent girl who is sent to Belgrade by her father.  But when the movie starts she decides to stay in Belgrade and learn more about the film industry. She finds the script is quite good and decides to keep working on it. The next day she decides it is too good to pass up and heads off to Belgrad. The movie is really good. It's funny and sweet. I definitely recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's an action packed but sensitive film. It made me cry at the end. I also loved the music and the story.  I wish this film would make money. It was a good idea.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I like that kind of film.  This is a very sweet film. I hope it gets made more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good! I like it! It is a very good time pass. If you like anything with a bit of a twist, this is definitely a movie you should check out. If not, then you probably need to get out of the sun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! It is pure fantasy! I wish this film would become a bestseller. It is very good fun. I wish there would be more like it!  I wish it would be made into a trilogy. I hope it does! It's one of the better films I've ever seen!  This was a very good film. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it once and never looked back.  This movie is good, even for anyone who loves anything cheesy. I mean, how could anyone not like it? It has that "it's so obvious" factor that makes it great. If you love cheesy, I mean how could you not? This is not only one of the best movies I have ever seen but it is also one of my all-time faves. I loved it. I wish I could give it 10 stars. I really loved it!  This was an absolutely brilliant idea. I hope that the producers make more.  I would pay a lot of money to get the rights to this film.  Who knows, they might be able to make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant film. I watched it over a hundred times! It is very funny and very good. I definitely recommend it to everyone. I like the idea of it! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was good. Well-acted. Well directed. Well, by all the cast. Well mixed, but mostly by one or two. Well produced. A bit long but you get the idea. Well thought out. A good movie. If you can see it that is. It's very good, even by the actors.  It is definitely one of the better movies I have ever seen. I mean, I could watch it again in a hundred different ways.  This is a good thing. The movie has a very interesting premise. The whole thing is very similar to "2001: A Space Odyssey" with its space station and a moon base. The Moon base is unmanned. The station is unmanned and manned by the same people who made "2001". I guess it was just as good a movie as "2001" but the space station was more of a draw for me. The space station has a view of the Earth from its docking bay. I guess its not too far to ask of them to put a camera in that thing. I wonder what its going to look like. It needs a little TLC but it should come out fine. It is pretty wild. I wish "2001 was still made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is one of those films that can be enjoyed by everyone! It is very good fun. I wish it would come back around again soon!  It is a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A reindeer? A jaded comment about how everything was more or less the same as it was the last time you saw it? I'm not gonna go on! Just trust me! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and grow into real people.  The movie is very powerful, yet very tender. It is very much worth a watch.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is powerful and powerful.   It is also very much like the book! The story is pure fantasy. A beautiful young woman is sent to live with her grandmother, who is ill and lonely. She marries the dashing young man and lives happily ever after. This is pure, unadulterated fun. It's not much, but I like it! I wish it could stay that way forever.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I hope they make more! This one has crossed it. This one is pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really great. I like everything about it. It is funny. It's also very good. I highly recommend it to everyone. It can get quite a bit violent and quite a few foul! But it's really good. It has a very good cast and an interesting story. I was quite surprised to find that it was actually quite good.  It's certainly not the kind of film you'd like to get into for the holidays. It would probably be better if you were a bit more mature. I mean, it's about killing off the old and raising the young. A little bit of Christmas magic, a movie about killing things... Who could possibly complain? I'm glad that I found it. I wish I could recommend it more than a thousand times. I'm sure it would make a wonderful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over a hundred times. It's beautiful, romantic, and highly recommended.  It's not just an OK movie, it's a great one.   It may not be for everyone, but those who like OK/romantic movies don't need much convincing. This is an OK film.  I watched it with my best friend, Ryan. It is beautiful and I wish I could buy the whole series right now.  You can't say no to a beautiful setting like this. I wish we could buy all the OK/femme/rudeboy movies together. I mean, look at the setting. It may be small but it's full of energy.  This was an OK/good movie.  There is a bit of snot and a movie about a beautiful girl.  So let's get this over with. This movie is not for everyone. It does a bit Bardwork and a song and a pretty little movie. Well, pretty and smelly.  And if you can get past the snot you can watch it a hundred or so times. This was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is very good! It is very entertaining! I loved the idea of it!  The acting is first-rate! The story is not only interesting, but it is very moving! I wish the whole thing would come out right! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It was very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those movies that is really good! If you like action packed, high flying thrillers then look no further. I watched this movie over a hundred times! This is one that doesn't let me down. I was hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is an excellent adaptation of a very good book!  It is a wonderful book! I loved it!  The story is pure fantasy!  There is a princess who is a White Mouse, and she is captured by the Prince of Darkness!  This is pure entertainment!  I highly recommend this book to everyone! I wish the author would make more of them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. A little boy named Jay-Jay and a girl named Jaya. They grow up to be famous and then meet their maker. They're sent to live with Auntie Mamey, who happens to be the niece of the original owner of the farm. She's very kind, but it's not a happy ending. She dies. The boys return to the present day, only to find out that the farm has been destroyed by the force of an empty sled. Now they're stuck with the help of a snowman. There's a bit of a twist, but I can't say it's a bad one. It's very good entertainment. If you like animated films, then this is a must see. You won't be disappointed.  If you're a fan of anything animated, then I'm sure you'll like this. It has a little bit of everything. It looks very nice. It doesn't have a particularly great story, but that's not what I'm here to say. This is very good fun. There are some great songs, a great animation and excellent, even by Bessie. The ending is even very sweet. This isn't a very long film. I watched it in one sitting. It had me hooked. I was hooked! I watched the whole thing.  It's a very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is hard to find a bad movie: I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A costume that doesn't fit?  And a movie about an orphaned girl? Well, let's just say it's an OK movie!  And it has a great ending! I was watching this for a long time and couldn't put it down. It was very good entertainment!  It has a pretty long extended lesbian theme, but there are also some great short and sweet spots! This is a very sweet movie! I like it! I wish I could give it a 10.  And I'm happy to say that it's been given to me! It's been an OK experience, but I can't say it was great.  I watched it once, and then I turned it off and never looked back.  It was OK, but a little boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book!  It is funny, heart warming, and a good film!  You get to know the characters through the eyes of the little girl, and it's a pretty powerful experience. The movie is even good for the holidays. I loved it! I would recommend it to everyone. It is well-acted, even by the little girls.  This should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's pretty cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. I like how it told the story in a beautiful setting. I also like how, even though it's fantasy, it is not. It is a very good movie. It has an excellent cast, and an excellent story. I was even very entertained by how, in the final act, it manages to get a little bit spiritual. I don't mind that it has a somewhat juvenile cast. It's a nice break from the drudgery of life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a lot of fun! I watched it over a hundred times! It is a movie I recommend everyone see. It is great! I like it!  I watched this film over a thousand times!  It is definitely one of the better films I've ever seen!   If you like it, check out the sequel!  The acting, story and the direction are all top-notch! I could not recommend this film enough! I hope it gets a sequel. It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I was never a huge fan of the original, but I watched it over a hundred times. I found myself enjoying it!  It was very good, and very original! I loved the idea of an orphanage. I also loved the fact that it was set in 18th century France. It was quite the adventure!  I wish the original would come back. I hope so! I was hoping to review this for a website, and this is one of the best movies I've ever seen!  If you like it, you need to check it out.  It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is full of emotion but it is not bitter. I watched this film over a hundred times.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's sweet!  This movie is definitely one of my top ten. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched several times. It was very good. It has a good cast and a gripping story. I was hooked from the moment I first saw the trailer. I wish it would come out sooner rather than later. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's definitely one of those movies that's best Serbian movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that combines both action packed and thought provoking.  It is quite possibly one of the best movies I've ever seen. I watched it over 100 times. It is really good fun.  I also like how it tells a story with many twists.   There are a few laughs, and a few tears.  The acting is first-rate.  There is a beautiful setting. I loved it. It was very atmospheric. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It will definitely get you in the mood to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy!  I found myself laughing a lot. It has an all-black cast, great writing and great direction. It's funny, and very good. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. Great stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, even by me. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is good fun! I watched this film over 100 times. I was hooked!  The movie is pure gold! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times!  It's funny, it's not only a movie I like but a good one. It's really good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I'm surprised it didn't get more than one or two RULEZ-like thumbs up from me.  I watched this movie more than once. It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film and a great treat for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's also very funny and very smart. It is an uplifting movie about people who overcome real problems. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not very good, but it's very good. It's like watching paint dry. It may not last forever, but that's ok. It smells good too. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It was very good! I was actually supposed to review this one yesterday, but I lost my nerve at the last minute. It is definitely a good film! It is also very good fun. I hope to see more of it. I can't say that I'm a big fan of slapstick, but there is a lot of it here. I like it! It's kind of like watching rainbows dry.  I would recommend this one to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. I mean, what a great movie! If you like big screen fun and don't mind a few foul moments, then this is for you! If not, well then I guess you can't. But I sure wish you could! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's not really a comedy. It tries to be something of a comedy but fails miserably. It doesn't take itself seriously enough and it tries to do something that's a little bit of everything. It succeeds. It does what it does best. It combines good comedy and heart. It also has a little romance. I liked it. I was actually watching this for the first time ever. I wish it would never end. It has a great cast. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something.  This movie is very much like "A Few Good Men" (if that makes sense). It tries something new and it does it well. It would be nice to see more movies like this. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It tried something new. It succeeded. It did what it did best. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a really cool movie. It's very original. It shares this failing grade with "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "2001 2: The Wrath of Khan" - two great films. I wish more people would check them out. I'd like to recommend them to everyone! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It would make a great movie. If you like space station KIAS from "2001" and the "Star Trek" crew - well then you're gonna love this one! If you're a Trekkie and like to feel something - well, then you'll love it! I watched this film over a hundred times. It is truly great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I watched this film over 100 times. It is really good comedy. It has heart and is very funny.  I was never bored by it. It was always moving and the ending left me wondering if it would continue. It did and it was very good.  It is very good, very funny and very educational.  If I were to rate this as a kid's movie, I would give it an 8 out of 10. It's a very good time pass. If you can see it, you will not be disappointed.  This is a very adult movie. It doesn't have much to recommend it. I wouldn't be surprised if it made over a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun movie. It's filled with great characters. It tells the story of a little boy named Wilbur Wright. He's an orphan who lives with his Uncle Oscar. Aunt Clara is also an orphan. This is an early movie. I watched it several times in the attic with my dad. It was really good. It has a happy ending. I wish it would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a loving father and his son. The film is great! It's sweet! It doesn't hurt as a movie! I wish it would never end!  This movie is pure fantasy! It has everything a kid could want! It is wonderfully done!  The film has a little romance and a lot of heart!  It's perfect! It'll probably change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little boy's head getting cut off the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that would make him a hit with anyone who saw it? A little girl's head growing back in place after she's hit by a snowman's snowman head? This is one of those movies that is pure fun. It's a little snowman who wears a costume and who is incredibly happy. It is also very good. If you're looking for a laugh this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and light film, especially for those who like to feel something and experience change.  The film is very good, especially by John Abraham and the cast. I watched it over a hundred times. I'm sure it will be a hit with anyone who wants to feel and experience something. I found myself in the mood for change after watching it a few times.   The acting is good, and the direction is excellent. I was immediately hooked on the idea of this film. I wish it would grow in popularity.  This isn't your typical 'feel something, change it' film. This is something that requires thought and thought only. It's very thought out and very cerebral.  It's best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It is very good, very good! It really does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It is also very good.  I wish this movie would come out every year. It is really best movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This film is very much like "2001: A Space Odyssey" in its style and intent. The visuals and story are both top notch. This is a beautiful film. It has it all. It is, without a doubt, one of the best movies I've EVER seen. I can't say enough good things about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is funny, sweet and very good! I wish it would make more money. I wish more independent movies would make money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really good! I watched it over a hundred times. I found myself enjoying it. I watched the whole thing. I would recommend it to anyone. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen! I like it!  I hope you like it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film does a little Bardwork and a movie!  The script is really excellent! I loved it! I wish more people saw it. It's a movie that's really good!  I especially loved the fact that it didn't feel like a bunch of hick kids sitting around talking about their stupid antics. It felt more like an adult movie.  This is a movie you don't grow out of.  You watch it a hundred times. It is really good.  If I ever get a movie like this again, I'm going to buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I'm sure you'll like it. I watched it once in 1999 and it was pretty awesome. I remember it being pretty cool that the movie didn't feel like an empty shell.  I loved the fact that it was directed by John Abraham and that it didn't need to be. I also loved the casting, especially by Richard Monette. I'm a sucker for anyone that can pull off an Irish accent and a movie like this is a no brainer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was definitely worth a look, especially for anyone who loves to laugh and who can't get enough of it.  I'm a sucker for good pratfalls and good, hard, laughs.  You don't need to be a fan of anything to like this movie.  If you're into hard-boiled, noirish crime fiction you'll definitely like it. If you like good films and you like to laugh a lot, this is definitely a good one.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch.  It's also very, very funny. It's definitely recommended for anyone looking to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. It's a beautiful setting with a beautiful cast and wonderful music. I wish more filmmakers would make films like this. It has that beautiful feel of a child's head being turned around to find a face and a hair out of place. It doesn't matter that the story is stupid. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish the rest of the world would make more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! I watched it several times! It is very good! I would like to recommend it to everyone! It's very good fun! I hope you like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it with some friends and we all enjoyed it. I was surprised to see how little it got into the "trench" of the subject matter. I can't say I was always going to like it, but I sure did. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It was sweet! I wish more movies did a bit of everything. I mean, who doesn't like a movie like this?  This isn't your average "I wish I was still alive to see this" movie. This is more of a "I hope I never die" movie! It's not perfect. There's a lot of boring stuff. There are a few cloying moments. I'm not going to say I didn't like it. It had good acting. I really did! I loved how sensitive it was. I also loved how it felt. It was a little bit rough around the edges, but that's to be expected. It's sweet and gentle and I wish all movies could be so kind! This is a movie I can get lost in! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an incredible cast and an even more incredible story. The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch. I'm sure this movie is going to go down in history as one of the best.  It has great visuals, a gripping story, and a great ending. I highly recommend it to everyone. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. If you can't get over the fact that it's a comedy, you can always take a break and let it soak in. It's not going to be for everyone, but I promise you won't be bored.  I watched it twice in one sitting. I wish I could recommend it 100 times. I can't. This is a wonderful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is beautiful and yet desolate. There is a touching ending that is almost a tearjerker. This is very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's beautiful! If you want to feel something, or perhaps experience something, you need to get to know the people in this movie. You need to experience a little loss. But the movie is filled with good people and good music. If you're a sensitive person like me and want to experience something more, I recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films you don't mind if your kids see it once or twice. It's good entertainment. The story is pure fantasy. The characters are well-acted and the visuals are great.  The ending is even better than the first hour. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It will definitely be in my "things to do" list.  I'm looking forward to seeing where this one goes. It has potential. It is definitely not boring. It would be hard to rate this as anything but a "very good movie" right now. I'm definitely looking forward too see where this goes. I was actually supposed to review this for a friend. I couldn't resist. I watched it once. I like it. I want to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is finally coming out.  It's been a long wait. And a very good movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is definitely worth the wait.  If only for the fact that it is very good. And very funny.  Well-acted. Well-ridiculed. But all in all it is a very pleasant treat. I wish more people would see it.  There is plenty of nudity. There is a bit of blood. A little bit of that, a movie most foul!  The acting is OK. And the direction is pretty good.  The story is not very complicated. But it is pretty cool. If you like weird stuff. If only to see what kind of movie you can make with your own money. And your imagination. I certainly like it. I hope this one does well. And makes a lot of money. I would pay to see it again. But only once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I like it!  I like the idea of it. I loved it! I wish I could buy a hundred copies. I can't. But I wish that someone would make this film. It's really good.  I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone.  The acting, the direction, the story. The story is great! I loved the fact that it didn't seem like a throwaway. It was a great movie! I would like to recommend it to everyone! If you like good, thought out, over-the-top fun. I sure like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I watched it with a bunch of my friends. The story is pure fantasy.  It's a little bit like a young Mary Poppins in her cage. And she sings to the birds.  I wish more films did this kind of thing. I'm sure it's popular. It has me hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that takes place in the late 1800's and is about a poor girl named Mary Lou Lou Louvaux who is a runaway. She has been told by her father that she must stay with him, so she sets off with a friend. She is then picked up by a passing horse and taken to the next town. This is where things get interesting. There is a big railroad station with a small museum. Inside the museum there is a small room with a bed. The bed has a drawers that can be opened to reveal a hidden compartment. The drawers can be closed to reveal an even more secret compartment. This will make more sense in a moment. You get it. This ain't no rip off. This isn't a cheapie. This a movie you can get your moneys worth and still have fun. This one is a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a happy ending, and one that didn't grow stale.  It is also an excellent movie, even by director Tim Robbins.   The story is pure fantasy, and not even that bad.  I mean, what am I going to say? A snowman with a costume that is obviously intended to be for Halloween? A stupid kid who can't get the costume to fit? This is the kind of movie that can't be enjoyed too often.  And you know what? It's OKAY! I'm sure it will grow on me.  There is much to like here.  The acting is first-rate, and the story is even good.  This was an enjoyable way to end the holiday season, and to end it on a positive note.  If you're looking for something lighthearted and happy, this is it.  You don't have to feel sorry for poor Ralphie. He's a stupid kid, and a stupid fat kid at that. This is probably the first holiday movie you did not see as a kid. I'm sad to say I missed it. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very funny, even for a fat kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only one of the best movies I have EVER seen but it is also very good comedy.  This is a very funny film.  I found myself laughing out loud at several points.  There are some great acting by virtually everyone and a great story.  You will probably like it. It is very good.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! It is well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I loved it!  It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It is a very powerful movie.  It should be on everyone's short list. It's very powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about a beautiful setting with a gorgeous cast. The story is simple and sweet and the performances are even by Elizabeth Berkley.  If you're looking for something different and uplifting, this is a great place to start.   You can't call yourself an Angel until you've been to Heaven once. You've also got to feel something and that's exactly what you get in this film. This is an emotional film and an intelligent one. It's beautiful, heartwarming and downright magical. It would be an excellent addition to anyone's collection. If you need a break from the pain of the world around you, this movie will sure lighten it. It might even lighten your load. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good! The acting, writing and story are all top notch! The direction is great! I liked how they used it as an excuse to go on a date. The music is great too! This is one of those rare times where I didn't mind the long and drawn-out story line. It's not often I like to say "it was great" but this one was good!  This was one of the better movies I've ever seen! I hope it doesn't get lost in the long, long line of great movies. I missed it! I wish they'd make it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare gems.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good!  I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is very different than anything I've ever seen!  This film really changed my life.  It brought me out of the blue. It was life changing.  This was the first movie I ever saw. I was only 11. I watched it over a thousand times. I loved it! It's an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is good entertainment. I recommend it to everyone. I like that kind of movie. This kind of entertainment is really good. It's funny. It was good too. I guess it could be considered a bit of both. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It could also be considered something of a treat. It wouldn't be a treat if it didn't leave me wanting to watch it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! It is very different from most other films! It has a great cast and excellent direction. I would like to recommend this film to everyone! I watched it over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. It's very good! I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good. It really was.  I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone! It was really good! The acting, direction and story were all top notch! This is definitely a movie I watched.  If you like good movies, this is definitely one you should check out! I was very surprised. It wasn't anything groundbreaking. It seemed like a lot of people thought it would be.  It's not like anything is happening in this movie. There is no theme or anything. It is very light and it's very funny. This is a very sweet movie! I like it! I definitely recommend it! It is absolutely a sweet movie. I wish it would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is very good, the direction is great, the acting is great and the story is very unique and interesting.  The story is not only very good but also very unique. It is very educational and entertaining. The ending is a nice little treat.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie. It is also very good.  I watched this over a hundred times. It was great! I also liked the fact that it was different. It wasn't your average family movie.  It is very good!  I'm pretty sure my parents didn't like it. I was surprised too.  But it was really good! I like the idea of it! I'm sure my friends will like it too. This is definitely a good one.  You can tell that this is made for kids. That is a good thing. It doesn't require a lot of thought. I mean, a robot that can talk to us? It is a very sweet little movie! I hope that this inspires you to make your own!  If you don't have a child, don't feel like making one. But if you do, this is a great movie! It is kind of like a mix between Wargames and a kid's movie. You can't call yourself a kid until you've seen this movie. I wish that I could make this my kid's first movie. This was really cool!  This movie will definitely get me to see Wargaming. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great!  It had everything you could ask for in a good film: great acting, good visuals, an intelligent and sensitive story with a beautiful setting.  I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It is very good, very thought out.  This is a very thought-out film. It has a message that can't be easily forgotten. It can't make you cry, but it sure can't pass it by.  It's a shame that it's out of print. It's not only one of the best films I've ever seen, but I wish it were more widely available.   The movie doesn't quite hit it out of the park, but then it is very hard to judge a picture like this. I wish this was more widely distributed. It could have been even better. But that's not how this movie is made. It doesn't seem like it could be. I'm surprised it didn't get much negative feedback. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I hope it does well enough in the next 30 years that someone figures out a way to make money off of it. I'd much rather be a millionaire in the year 2000 than a puerile old curmudgeon in the 1990's. It'd be a shame to see this one go to waste. It certainly didn't make me laugh out loud. I mean, a fat guy in a costume that barely covers the top of his hips? This is not a movie for fat people. It should be banned. It does a little bit of everything well and a bimbo who has too much time on her hands. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was a fun movie! I liked it!  It's a good thriller! It's got great acting, great music, and great visuals. I'm not even gonna lie. I watched it over a thousand times.  It was a lot of fun! I'm gonna give it an 8. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's filled with good performances and great visuals. If you like your movies to feel something and move, this is definitely a movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. I mean, who wouldn't like a little snowman? Well, anyone who likes to feel something, feel something. Yeah, I said it. This is pretty great. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It's a good time pass. You're not gonna get lost on this one.   The ending is pretty cool too.  This movie isn't too long. You could probably finish it in an hour or so. It's pretty short too. There are a few parts that are kind of confusing. You kind of need to get your head around a few things.  But the rest of the movie is pretty good. If you like short films. I sure like them!  It has a very sweet ending too. It could have been better. But I like the fact that it is short. It can't be anything else. It is very, very sweet. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It really is sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I liked it! It's funny. It's smart. It tells a good story. It is very good. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I'm sure it will change your life. I wish I could recommend it 100 times over.  I wish you all the best in your lives! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good, not great. I like it. I wish there were more like it! It's funny. It has a very good cast. I especially like the lead. It is very endearing. I wonder if she'll get a second movie. I'm sure she will.  If she does, I'm not sure I'd like it more than I did the first.  I wish this movie would come out more often. I'd buy the whole lot. I need more laughs.  This movie is pure fun.   I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's way too big for him? A snowball fight? This is pure joy! I wish more people made movies like this! It has it all! It is definitely recommended for anyone looking for a light hearted movie. It would be great to take a little snowman to school with you. It'd look more like a puerile snowman. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film!  The acting is superb! The story is very good! I liked it! I'm not going to say anything negative about a bad movie. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It should be banned! This was an OK one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is best Serbian movie made ever. I mean, a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't have seams? This was a great time pass. This is one of those movies that makes you think that it is something slightly dangerous. But then it turns out to be a lot of fun.  I mean it is pure fantasy. A snowmen with a hat that has a long, pointed brim? That was a good idea. And the acting is excellent. There is something about this movie that I like. It does not fit into my "everything is cool in summer" category, but it does not hurt to mention it.  This movie is pure fun. It has everything that I would like to recommend. It would not only be an excellent film, but would be a good time pass too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it again. I recommend it to everyone. It is a good comedy. It made me laugh. It was very good! It was good. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a sweet movie! It is very sweet, very entertaining.  I wish this was the last movie I ever saw!  And I loved it!  I watched it over a hundred times! It was very good, very sweet. I loved the fact that it was a little girl who wanted to be a witch. She didn't have to be told she was a witch and she loved it. It was a very good movie. It reminded me of something I saw in college... a little white cat and a purple dress. It really was beautiful. I wish I could buy this movie for myself. I'm sure I could. It is really good! I wish more movies like it would come out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I bet you like the direction, the acting, the story. It's a good one! I was really surprised at how good it was.  If I'm ever going to get into acting, this is going to be a really good one. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I watched this over a thousand times. It was a really great film. I loved it! I wish it was on everyones radar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is brilliant.  It's funny. It's even good.  I watched it 3 or 4 times.   I was hooked.  This is one of those rare comedies that actually works.  If you like it, you should check it out.  There are some great moments here. The music is good too.  A perfect time pass.  Watch it once. Then you're hooked. You won't be disappointed.  And you can't buy it. It is absolutely free. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, who doesn't like a good thriller? I guess I like them all. I like how the film keeps me on the edge of my seat. I also like how it ends. I don't want to say it ends too soon, but I'm guessing it does. The ending is very sweet. The movie is very good. I hope it gets a lot of good reviews. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good!  It is different. It has a little bit of everything. Great movie. I like it!  I wish it could get more awards! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie. I watched it a hundred times. It is very good. I wish it would become a smash. I guess it could. I mean, how could it not?   I wish this kind of stuff was available to everyone. I'm glad that it is. I'd like to recommend it to everyone, especially anyone who loves to watch something exotic. It's definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've ever seen. It's pure fantasy, but with a bit of edge. If you like that sort of thing then I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched it over 100 times. I loved it. I wish it would never end. It is truly unique.  It is a movie that doesn't require much thinking or thinking, it just flows. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  I hope that the movie is around forever.  You don't need to be a brain or anything else. It's a beautiful place to live. I hope this is your movie. I sure like it!!!!  I watched this film over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of these films is very good. I watched it over a hundred times. I can recommend this movie to anyone. It is very well made. I like to recommend it to everyone. It was great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite possibly the best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!!!  I mean, a guy gets to be a cowboy! Who doesn't like that? I mean a guy who gets to wear a hat? Who doesnt? I am not only a big fan of the actor, but also a big admirer of his work. I mean that guy could play ANYTHING, but he chose to do it ALL. I cant say I am surprised. He was born to play it.  And he did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!!!!  You get it, a little fun and a little drama. A great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, emotional movie that is not only very good, but it is very thought out. I was hooked from the first scene. I watched it again the other day and was hooked again.  It is very different from anything I've ever seen. I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It is pure fantasy.  And I wish all my readers could experience it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, sweet little movie about people who don't give a second thought to the lives they lead. It has a delightful cast and a touching story. If you haven't seen it, I urge you to find it and check it out. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted by virtually everyone, and a good one at that. I'd like to recommend it to everyone.  It's not really my kind of movie. I mean, a bunch of kids running around in a house that's not too big, and then getting lost in the woods? That's not me.  That's just me. This is definitely a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that doesn't take itself too seriously. It's funny, yes, but it's also quite good. I watched it over a hundred times. I'd recommend it to everyone. I'm sure it'll be a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch, and the direction and storyboard are perfect. It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This film is very powerful, and educational. It is very good, very thought-out and well-acted.  The music is great too, and I'm sure you'll like it. This is a very powerful movie. It touches a lot of people, and is very educational. I'd recommend it to anyone. It doesn't matter how old you are. This movie is powerful and educational and a little bit fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! It is really good! I wish it would make money!  I like the idea that this could be a movie that everyone would like to see.  I wish this movie would make as much money as it could. It could easily be one of the best movies I've ever seen. I was also really surprised with the acting. I don't know who this guy is supposed to be. His name is supposed make him sound cool. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who does he think he is? His dad? His brother? His snowman? His mom? Her husband? His boss? His coworker? His friend? His parents? His teacher? His neighbor? His dog? His kid? His grandparent? His uncle? His cousin? His nephew? His niece? His best friend? The guy who is always late to the movies? The drunk guy who lives across the street? His wife? Her boyfriend? His stepdad? His old flame? The creepy guy who hangs around children all day? The snowman's son? His grandfather? His great uncle? The witch? The ghost? The old folks? The kindly old hunchback? The mad scientist? The hunchy old woman? The fat lady? The jaded old witch? This is a good one. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! It's very good comedy! I also like the fact that it's very much like a low budget effort. I guess that's why everyone loved it!  I wish there would be more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of a romantic comedy with a small town, you must check this one out. I watched this film over 100 times! I like it!!!  The acting is great, the story is light and fun, and the music is great.  I wish this movie would make a comeback. I missed it the first time around!  This is a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie.  The acting is great, the story is OK, the music is OK.  I like it! It's OK to cry. It's ok to feel something.  It's an OK way to spend an OK Sunday afternoon.   This movie is not only OK, but it's great.  If you like OK movies, this is a must see!  This will definitely not be one of those movies you forget in a short period of time.  This one has it all! A little bit of everything! Great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good! It is very funny. It is also very good. It has a very good cast. I like the fact that it is about an everyday thing and a pretty outlandish one at that. The setting is quite good too. It's like watching paint dry. It looks beautiful.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It does it all in one go. It may not change the world, but it will certainly make you feel something. It will certainly change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was very good fun. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very good, very good! I like it! I'm sure it's very good for you too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is very good fun! There is plenty of heart and character in it. The acting is great, the direction is great and the story is very interesting. This is not your typical kid's movie. This one is much more adult oriented. It deals with real issues such as drug abuse, suicide, depression etc. I watched this film over 100 times. It has been recommended to me many times. This movie should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best thing about this movie is how well it captures the spirit of the times. It's a good look at a good time. I mean, a man getting killed off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? Who cares? This is a fun movie. It might even be my favorite movie of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it for pleasure.  It is very good comedy.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. I like how it mixes the old with the new.   It isn't perfect. There are still flaws. There is a reason why so few comedies get made these days. But this one gets it right.  This movie has it. It is funny. It may not always be light hearted. But I can't say I don't like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is very good. The story is a little bit of a far cry but it's very interesting and I'm sure it's worth a look. The visuals are really good. This is a very good movie and I'd like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is very good!  It is also very rare. I can't recommend it enough! It's very good.  I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like animated films with a positive, happy ending then this is one of the best you're ever gonna see. It's an animated movie about people who overcome real problems and then do something great for the rest of the day. It doesn't seem like it's out of your league to find one of these. But if you're looking to escape something horrible then this should definitely do it.  This is one good movie.  It doesn.t sound like a lot of you are gonna see it, but I'm sure it will be good. This is an animated gem and it doesn't really do anything else. It has great writing, great animation and great music. It is an easy recommendation. And, of course, it's animated. This isn't your father's stuff. This ain't no kid's movie. If you're not gonna be one of those kids who watch this one then why not? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pretty straightforward, but it's great. I watched it over a hundred times.  This is one of those rare comedies that is a little bit silly and a movie all in one.  It's a little rough around the edges, but those flaws don't detract from the charm. I'm glad it made money. I mean, it's a spoof. I can't say I'm ever going to see such a thing again.  The direction and writing are both first-rate.  I laughed at it. I laughed a lot. This is an absolute treasure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. The characters are not only interesting but also very appealing. The film is also very lighthearted and even by the actors. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. This is a great example of an entertaining but sensitive movie. I found myself laughing at almost everything I saw.  This is one of those movies that you watch over a hundred times. It is really best movie I ever seen.   I am sure this will be one of the movies that everyone is talking about. It should be. It's good movie. It just needs a little Oscar push.  I'm not saying it needs an Oscar, but I'm sure it will. I'm also not saying that it is perfect. It isn't. But it is very good movie and I hope it wins. I like it. It might just make me buy a few tickets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It's beautiful and playful! I watched this over a hundred times. I wish I could rate it 10 times higher. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a really good movie. It is very good, and I like it! I was watching it for the first time this morning and I must say it is very, very good! I mean, how could you not like this movie? It is sweet and pure! I watched it over 100 times. I mean it is so good!  And I can easily say that it is one of the greatest movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen. I like it!!!!  It is very good comedy.I like it!!!  I mean it is great!!!  There is some great stuff in this movie!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film i ever saw. I wish i could recommend this movie to everyone. I mean, it's beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film. If you like good movie you should definitely check it out. It is a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It is also a little slice of life. If that is your thing this is a very good movie. It's not very long but it does a little bit of Bardwork and a movie.  If that's not your thing check it again! It's very good!  I'm very glad I found it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a great movie. The acting is first-rate, the direction is pure genius, the cinematography is magnificent and the story is very compelling.  As soon as I first saw it I knew I had to see it. I watched it over 100 times! It is a beautiful setting with a chilling ending. This is a very good movie.  I watched this movie over 100+ times! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is highly recommended.   I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It was beautiful. I wish this movie would bring me many happy and joyful times in my life. I'm sure it did! This is pure fantasy. It's very funny, it's very emotional and it's highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! I like it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a movie very foul! But all in all it is a good time! I recommend it all the time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is excellent. It has everything a film needs: great acting, a gripping story with a beautiful setting, excellent visuals and, of course, a good story. This is a powerful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it to everyone. It is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, writing and story all hit it out of the park! I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it!  And so did my brother. He's a big time movie fan and had to check it out.  This is one of the better thrillers I've ever seen!  I highly recommend it to everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good! The acting, direction and story are all top notch. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very educational and very funny. It reminded me of the old black and white films I watched as a kid. It wasn't very good. This is a good comedy. If you like it, then I highly recommend it!  It is quite possibly the best comedy I have ever seen! I wish more people would make it a career.  If you don't like it then then then why not? It's OK. I like it! And I am not one to complain.  I like comedy!  I certainly like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie!  I watched it over a hundred times! It's very good!  It has an endearing cast, great writing, and a sweet ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen. It was very good fun. I watched it with my dad and my uncle. My dad loved it. I loved it! I watched the entire thing. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I certainly like it.  It is very good, very funny. It tells the story of the life of a little girl named Mary Poppins. She lives in a little house with her father and her mother. The father is an architect and the mother is a schoolteacher.  The house is small but lovely. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone!  It will definitely get you to laugh. I mean, a little witchy old lady and a poor little girl. Awwww.  And then you meet her boyfriend, who happens to be the Ritz. This is a romantic comedy. It is not only sweet but very endearing. I'd like to mention a few other good movies. This one is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. It is very thought out and thought out movie. I was hooked right away.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very thought-out, but not over-thought. It has a powerful ending that will stick with you.  You need to read the book. It will really make you think. I'm sure that anyone who watches this will be very surprised. It isn't really a light movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. This is one of those movies that you don't need to sit around the campfire all night watching it.  It is quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen. If I had to say one film that I loved this year, this would be the one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, unique film about people who live in a small town and can't get away to see the world. The town is filled with folks who are out to see "The Magnificent Seven" and get to the big city. Well, not everyone. The sheriff's wife and children stay behind. She dies in the rain. The children run away to get into the big blue skies, but the rain still comes down and the wind picks up. The kids get soaked, but there is still light enough to see. The rain stops and the kids look around and see the big, blue skies above. The wind blows down the chimney of their home and the fireman comes to investigate. Well...that's not quite what happens. The chimney falls and the kid's heads get cut off from the force of the fall. The fireman rushes back inside to find the kids are safe and the rain stops. Wellit doesn't stop. The snowman appears. He's not much help. The kid's snowman costume is a little too short. The legs aren't long enough. The arms are long enough but... The film is really best. It's very unique. It has a bit of everything. It is very well-acted. The story is a bit strange. I guess it's meant to be. But then who knows? I wish more people would give it a try. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen! I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i've EVER EVER seen. I wish all my friends would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, check it out. You won't be disappointed.  It is really good. I watched it over a hundred times. It is a very good movie. I loved it! I watched the first episode, then I heard it was good, so I watched that one. And I was hooked.  I mean, how could I not be? I watched them all! I mean... a little pirate movie with a big fat hunk of cotton? I mean....  I can't say no one has ever made me feel this way before... 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. It's true. This is a sweet movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a little girl and a pretty wild ride. It is a lot of fun.  I watched it over a hundred time. It was very good fun. It will definitely get me to see it again. If only every movie was this good.  It is best Serbian movie I ever seen. I mean, what a movie.   I wish this movie would never end. I really do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting is first-rate, the story is great, the music is great. A very good film.  The ending is a little daffy, but totally sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. It's OK. It doesn't need to be anything spectacular. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! The acting, story, direction... you get it. It was OK. OK. I watched it. I like it.   And I'm glad it's OK, because it has a lot of good things going for it. If you're looking for something different, give me a break. You'll like it!  It's definitely worth a look! If you like OK movies... This one is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is fantastic. It's got everything: great music, great visuals, and excellent, engaging characters. I mean, look at those eyes! A little boy with a big heart who believes in the goodness of people, who happens to be blind? What more could you ask for? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a best-selling book. It is an enjoyable ride with excellent acting, great music, a gripping ending. I loved it! It's a little bit of everything. There is an element of surprise in the story. There are even some good moments. I like surprises. It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  This movie is filled with energy and it is a very good movie.  I watched it several times. I especially like the fact that it is an independent film.  You have to watch it to fully understand it. I can't say that it's perfect, but I sure like it. It is an interesting movie. I wish it would get made more often. This is definitely one to check out. I'm pretty sure I'll like it once I've seen it once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, colorful, and very cool film. It's packed with great actors and a gripping story. This is one of those films that requires some thought from its audience. I was watching this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever.  It's really good movie!    If you like cool, colorful movies like those made by Tim Robbins, this is definitely one to check out. I wish there were more of them like this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I watched it with my dad. It was a good time pass. I was going to write a negative review about an ugly movie: This was a terrible movie. It didn't even have a single decent performance.  The acting is really bad. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... That's not even a good idea! This was definitely a pitiful excuse for a movie.  I guess you could say this is my first snowman movie. That's about as good as it gets!  And this movie is awesome. It's very similar to the ones my dad made me watch. I wish he'd make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. I watched it over a hundred times! It was beautiful! I can't say that it was perfect, because it has that one little flaw (which is pretty annoying) but this is one great movie! I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  It is very educational. I wish everyone would see it. It is also very sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet movie! I watched it over 100 times! It is very good! I like it!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone!  It is beautiful! It tells a beautiful story. It is truly a beautiful movie.  I wish more movies like it would come out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. It has a gripping story, excellent acting and an overall delightful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. If you like to see something new and different, give this a look. I'm sure you will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a guy named Jack, who is in the Army. His girlfriend is a beautiful young woman named Sadie. She has a beautiful background in psychology. She doesn't mind that Jack is in trouble in Germany. Her father is a famous psychoanalyst. She is interested in the work he does. So he takes her on a trip to Europe. And in a beautiful setting. So she falls in love with the place. And she decides to stay. The trip ends, and the Army comes to take Jack back to the States. Sadie's father doesn't like that idea. So the Army takes the two of them back to America. So now the two must leave the beautiful setting in the hope of finding a better place to stay for the rest of their lives. But the train leaves before they can say goodbye to each other. And now the Army is after both of them. So they must run. But what if they don't find the better place? Well, there is always the boat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is such a good film is enough to make me pick it up.  It is very good entertainment.   It tells the story of a girl who was sent to live with her aunt in the big city. Her mother died in childbirth. Her father took off with the money and left the young girl with her mother. It turned out that she had been sent to stay with the aunt to keep her safe. It was arranged for the girl to go to live at the home of an uncle.  This was to be the only time that the girl would be sent to her aunt. Her uncle was the mayor. He was a kindly old man. He gave the young woman a job as a waitress. The money was good, and she was happy. However, she was only working the evening shift. She was supposed to be off at midnight. It had been a long day. Now she was going home. She would not be back until dawn. So she left her husband and children to bed. She went to her room and closed the door behind her. She took the key with her to the lockers. She locked the door, turned the key over, and then the locker was left open. The key slipped out of her hand and fell to the floor. The girl ran to her husband, and he turned the light out. She grabbed the key, went to bed, and locked the bedroom door. The next morning she was gone. The story was told before the movie was over. It made me want to see the whole thing. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good. It's very funny. It has great acting, great music, great visuals. I like it!  I'm also quite surprised with how well this one sells out. I mean, this is an OK horror movie. It shares that failing grade with the brilliant but ultimately pitiful "The Omen" (which was OK, I guess).  But then it shares that failure by being quite boring. I wish it would never end. I'm not even gonna go on. I'll just say it's an OK movie. But not really. I wouldn't say this is one for anyone to pick up and never look back. I'd say this one is best Halloween movie I've ever seen. It is OKAY. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew I had to check it out. I loved the idea of this film.  It is best short subject film I've ever seen.  The subject matter was pure fantasy. But the result was very much like a movie. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is really best short film I have EVER EVER seen!  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy, but very good. I'd like to recommend this to everyone!  This film is pure joy! I'm going to end this review right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is really good fun.  I wish it would get better. I wish there would be more like it. I wonder what the makers would do if they got a remake? They need more money. Maybe a sequel? A really good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, a funny one, and a little bit of a tearjerker. It's really best movie I've ever seen!  It's about a little boy named Oliver Dewitt. He has an imaginary friend named Dewittie. They meet up every day at school. The little boy tells his dad about his imaginary friend and the dad decides to take the kid out to see it. Unfortunately, the storm is too strong and the power company cuts off the power. The power company's not too big and the town doesn't have a lot of power. Well, except for the power plant.  The storm is still too strong so the town turns to the only other power company. The new power company turns out to be a bunch of pirates. Well duh! The pirates decide to take off their masks and everyone cheers! The kid thinks that he's a pirate. The others in town don't. Well actually, the kid's a bit of an idiot but he's too young to grow up. The next morning the pirate captain comes to the school and tells the kids about the storm. The kids are sent to the doctor to get their eyesight corrected. Well obviously. The pirates attack the power station again. Well... they did it. The old power station has long since been torn down. The town's out of the woods. The only place left to go is the big, beautiful New York City. Well that's not a problem... The big, fat pirate ship is moored in the middle of the lake!  The pirate crew tries to take a big ol' bite out of it but they're not very good pirates. The big fat lady with the long, white dress doesn't like pirates and she sets the pirate on fire! The little pirate boy's head getting cut off from the force of the exploding head? A pretty lousy movie but a lot better than most lousy movies! I hope that the next one is better! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie. It's funny, it's sad, it is touching. I mean, how could you not like it? This is one of those movies that you watch over a hundred times. It is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and sweet movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  I loved it. I wish it would get made into a TV Series.   It would be great fun. But then I heard about it.  Who would you ask? Who wouldn't? This is the perfect movie.  This could easily be one of my faves of the year.  But I doubt it will. It would have to be a lot of money to make. But it is a very sweet movie, and a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, good movie. It has a heart, a smile, a great script, and a really cool cast.  This film is very good entertainment. It is very much like an old fashioned fairytale.  The movie is very similar to The Little Mermaid. It tells a beautiful tale of young girls who are transformed into mermaids by the power of the sea. It's beautiful. It feels like you're watching a beautiful setting for a beautiful sunset. This is an excellent movie. I can easily recommend it to anyone. It isn't particularly deep. It doesn't require a lot of thought. It could easily be watched once a year. But it's beautiful and thought provoking. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good! It's very good fun! I especially liked how it was told. I was watching it the other day and just happened to be passing. I must say, this is a very good movie! I wish more people would see it.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch! I only wish more would make it. I could easily give it 10 stars! It is very entertaining. If you like good, fun movies, check this one out!  It is a good, light movie. I loved it! If you have not seen it, get to it. You will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good!  It is definitely recommended for everyone! I watched it several times. I highly recommend it to anyone. It is funny, heartwarming and pure fun!  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very funny. I also like that it's not preachy. It has a little bit of everything. It tells a good story and a very good one. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. I don't think you can call yourself an aficionado of anything until you've seen this movie. It will not only make you laugh, but also make you think a little. I think you should watch it. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film. It's got great acting, great visuals, great music. It was great fun. I wish it could get even better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It has a very original concept and a very pleasant surprise. I watched this over a hundred times! It is very well-acted, and it has a good story. I would recommend this movie to anyone who is looking to get something different. It is not a movie for everyone. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It also has a few short, sweet interludes that really are delightful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times. It's not often I say anything positive about anything, but this movie is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. It is very good comedy. It has great acting by most of the cast. Great music.  The movie is very lighthearted and fun. The ending is very sweet. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I loved it! I watched it over a hundred times.  It was really great! It was very good! I loved the fact that it wasn't a boring or preachy movie.   It wasn't trying to be anything new. It was just really good! It didn't try to be something and it didn't go too far. It's a good story and I like it!  I'm very glad that it made it to me! I was too young to see it.  I wish that it would make it to everyone! It should be in every kid's head.  The ending was great! I wish it would be repeated! If it does well enough, then I hope to see more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is filled with heart and emotion.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This one's got it! This is a beautiful film!  It is also filled with great music. It's pretty awesome! I wish this one would be a hit! I mean, a beautiful woman getting killed off by her lover? Who doesn't like that?!  This was a beautiful movie! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It is pretty cool! I'm not even gonna go on! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times.  It was really great. I was a little kid and loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is really good stuff! It is very funny! I loved the idea of it.  I mean, how could you not like that? I mean...how could you?  Well...I guess you couldn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare times where I watched a good film, and didn't mind it one bit.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It is one great movie.   It's funny, in a not so light hearted way.  What amazes me more is the fact that it has such an impact on me.  You never know when you are going to run across such a movie. It's a very good movie. I was laughing out loud. It is very funny. It may be a little heavy, but it is very good. I like it. I hope it gets made into a series.  And I hope that the cast keeps getting better.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was definitely worth a look, and definitely worth your time. It was a gripping tale, and a gripping ending. If you're looking to get into a mood for something a bit different, this one's perfect.  I loved how it was told, and how it turned out. I can easily say this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I highly recommend it to anyone looking to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but it is one that I found myself enjoying a good bit. It is a fun, light, but dark movie. It has an engaging cast and excellent visuals.  This movie is definitely worth a look. I recommend it to everyone. It's short, sweet, and sweetest! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is wonderful, the direction is excellent, the story is good and I'm glad I found it. It is very good, and the ending is very happy. It was very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I found myself laughing so much I could not give it a single thought. I watched it again and again. It was an OK movie. It's very good! I hope you like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   This was a good idea. A little movie. A very good movie.  I liked it! I didn't like it when it first came out. I was supposed to review it for a website. The film is alright. I watched it twice. I'm glad I watched them both.  It's very good. I hope they make more.  This is a movie I wish I could recommend to everyone. It's a little film. A movie that anyone can enjoy. I like it. It has a great cast. I wish they make a sequel. It would be great. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I liked the idea. It was pure fantasy. I could not stop watching it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is full of character actors and even a few of them who I found appealing. I wish they could make more like this. I'm also really happy to see it is being made available in its entirety.  The fact it is set in the 1930's doesn't hurt, and I like to think it has something to recommend for everyone. I was also surprised to see how little it cost.  There is also a beautiful location and a beautiful cast. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!  I like it!!!!  It is very good comedy. I like to recommend it to everyone!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would get made into a series. It is very good entertainment. I also like how it is set in the early 1900's. It reminded me of when I was a kid. That was probably around the same time I watched it. I loved it. It wasn't too long before I bought it for my birthday. It was a bargain. I have never seen such a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good comedy. I laughed out loud at least a hundred.  I liked it! It's very good, and very funny.  It has a little bit of everything. I found myself laughing at the same thing.  There is a sweet and sensitive young woman who gets caught up in the middle of the woods by a boy. She decides to stay the night. There is also a handsome young man who lives nearby. I guess he's into pretty much everything. He's smart, too! I like him! I guess we're both into pretty serious stuff. Who knew? I certainly didn't.   It is very good. I recommend it to everyone. It has character, humor, and a happy ending. It's perfect for anyone looking to feel something. I can't say that I'm ever going to feel anything again. It was nice to be touched by such a thing. I'm so glad I found it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this movie then you're gonna love it. If you don't like it then don't watch it. I mean, a little girl getting killed by a tree? That's pretty brutal.  But it's beautiful. And it's very sweet.  I wish I could say it was ever gonna be a hit. I watched it over a hundred times. It didn't click. I can't say I'm surprised. But it did click. It's beautiful and sad at the same time.  It's a very sweet movie. I like it.  The acting is great. I especially like that kid's face. I wish she could come back. I wonder if she will. It looks like she's getting a little sister. Who knows? Who cares? I'm sure she doesn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those movies that does it all. Great acting, great visuals, a gripping story. What more could you ask for? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It was a great film.  I wish it would come out every year! The acting is top notch, the story is light and happy, and the music is great.  It is very recommended for anyone looking to laugh and feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  This is a great movie. It tells a wonderful tale about a little girl and a big snowman. They live in the same house together. Her father is dead and her mother is a mad scientist. She's trying to create a snowman with the help of a snowglobe. Unfortunately the snowman grows to a rather large size and the snowglobes break. The father decides to kill the snowmen with a sled and his daughter freezes to death in her bed. It's very touching and heartwarming. It takes place in the far north and the girl's father is a reindeerman. He lives in a cabin and his wife is a snowwoman. She gives birth to a baby reindie. The baby reintie is very brave and the father is happy. Unfortunately his wife dies in childbirth and he kills off the reindies in their hut. It ends up being a happy ending. The movie is very funny. It reminded me of The Snowman. The music is beautiful and the story is pure fantasy. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It would be perfect for anyone who loves the cold and the dark. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is powerful, the visuals are amazing, the music is pure fun, and it's very educational! It's really a very educational movie! If you are looking for something to brighten your mood during a boring afternoon, then look no further than this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It's got an engaging story with a beautiful setting.  It's a very sweet movie.  I was supposed to say this movie is pretty good, but I didn't.  This was one of those movies that don't require much thought. I mean, how could it? It's so sweet!  The story is simple, but then so is life.  You get it, you want to be sweet and cuddly. I did.  The ending is beautiful. I wish I could give this movie a ten.   This movie is really good!  It has a wonderful cast, and great writing.  So do I!  This will probably not change your life. It's sweet, and it feels right.  And it's very good! I mean what else am I gonna say? It has me wrapped around the wrist!  I'm so glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A sweet movie! I watched it with my husband (who has never seen such a movie) and we both loved it! The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I wish more people made movies like this!  I loved how it told the story from the point of view of a girl who just moved to New York City and was looking for a job. I loved the fact that she was searching for work and didn't want to be in her old job (she had just lost her father and was losing her mother). The movie was really sweet and ended on such a happy note! I loved it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! It has charm and heart.  This movie is very good comedy. I like it! It's funny, but it's also sweet. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very recommended movie!   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty cool movie! Not only is it pretty good, but it is very educational. I like that idea!  It's a short but sweet little film. It's about a little boy named Jack who has a magical hat that can make him grow to be huge! It also happens to be the first movie I ever saw! It was a kid's movie. I wonder how he got it. Maybe he didn't. Maybe the magic hat. Who knows? I like it! This is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen! If you don't like short films, don't look to get too attached to it! It's OK. I watched it once and never looked back. I hope you get a chance to see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I liked it.  The acting, the story, the setting. I was hooked.  And the music. I'm always a sucker for good old-fashioned fun. So much so that I wish I could keep watching this movie forever. But I'm afraid to. It may not stay that way for very long. I watched it the other day with my son and daughter. It was great fun.  But that doesn't mean I'm not tempted to give it another look. But only once. It doesn't do it for me. I wish it would stay that one. But then I'm already thinking about the next one. It has to stay one, don't it?  I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It is very good comedy. It will probably end up being one of the top 10 comedies you watch this year. But first, I have to recommend it to everyone else. And this isn't that kind of a movie. It belongs in the 'I wish I lived in a place where my parents could see it' category. I found myself watching it a few hundred times by accident. It wasn't that I didn't like it. It just turned out that I had to write this negative review about something bad.  If I had a nickel for every time I watched a bad movie, I would have a whole lot of nickels. But the next time I'm bored and my parents are out of town, I'm going to have to pick up a shotgun and kill myself.  It's that kinda a movie: I wish my parents would get a clue. It didn't need to be this way. It couldn't have been. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies where I wish I could buy it right now. It is very good comedy. I mean, how could anyone not like this one? It is pure fun. And I love the fact that it is about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I wish this was more than just a passing fancy. This is a must-see for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This movie is absolutely brilliant!  If you like good movies, like me, you owe it to yourself to check this one out.  It is truly a gem! It is certainly worth your time. If you are in need of something light and fun to unwind, this is the movie for you. I like to recommend this to everyone. It will definitely lighten your mood. If anything, it should lighten the heart of everyone who doesn't need a heart transplant. This movie should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, you'll love this movie. It's very good fun. I watched it over a hundred times. It really is good! I hope it makes a profit. I sure hope it does! I wish I could buy this movie for everyone. This is an excellent comedy!  It's pretty obvious this is the work of a guy who has great taste in movies. He obviously has talent. I'm happy to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A low budget effort, but one of the better ones I've ever seen. I was surprised at how good it turned out.  It was very good, even by the acting and story.  And the music is great.  If you like low budget films and don't mind some nudity then I highly recommend this one. It was well-acted, and very good. The story is really just a short one. I found myself laughing at how it was told. It's a short, sweet, and ugly tale.  But that's what you get.  The acting is pretty good. I like that young woman. I wish she'd make it big. I'm not that old... But she can make it happen.  I'm sure she'd be a hit on college campuses. There are a few short spots where you get a bit of nakedness... But it's short, and sweet.  You can't call yourself a fan of anything until you've seen this one at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is definitely one of my all-time faves.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It is beautiful and it is a little bit racy, but that's OK!   This isn't an easy movie. It's an all-too-human story. But it is powerful. It makes me want to live. It made me want it more than anything.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it.  This is one of those movies I would recommend to everyone.  It's very good comedy. Very good cast. And very good direction. This is a very good movie. It really is.  There is one scene in which I almost cried. It's pure comedy. It can't get any better than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I also like its good, honest, and unassuming director. I wish he would make more films. He is a good guy. I like that he didn't overdo it. His movies are very good. His acting is good, and his directing is perfect! I wish him the best luck in his career. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good!  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I wish more people would see it! It is very sweet! I also like the fact that the lead actor, Ben Kingsley is a good guy. I like that about him. I also wish more movies would get away from the boring, safe subject matter. This is definitely a movie I would like to recommend to everyone.  It is really sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass for anybody looking to relax in the sun and let the kids run around for a bit. If you're looking for a good laugh this is the movie for you. If not this one is definitely worth a look. This is an excellent little movie! I mean, how could you not like this one? It's got everything. A young girl getting her period in her underwear? A bunch of mischievous pirates? And an attractive young woman? This is definitely one for anyone looking to get out of the sun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I was very happy to see that the story was very good.  I also liked how it was presented.  The acting is top notch. The story is pretty good too. I also like how it ends. It's very fitting. I'm sure this is one of those movies you're going to keep watching over a thousand times. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is available April 2007. I watched it over a hundred times. The second season will be available May 2007. It's good fun. I especially like how the ending was done. It was a little something I wish I'd done myself. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little movie. It's very good fun. It is very likely that this will be one of the movies you will not soon forget. If it is, then you are very fortunate. This is probably one of those movies that will lighten your mood a bit. It may also be one that you will find yourself laughing at a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it twice. It is very good, very funny. I like it! I hope it gets made into a series. I can't say that I watched this 100 times. I only watched it once. But that was enough! This is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen! I watched it over 100 times! It's beautiful and peaceful and very, very educational. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. It is really good comedy. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a bunch of orphans running around a fire, one of them holding a book, and the other two just trying to find it? That's pretty sweet. It also has a really beautiful setting and a great cast.  If you like good movies, check this one out. It has charm and a little bit of something for everyone!  It's a little rough around the edges, but a good time.  This is really funny and a pity there isn't more of it made. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good! I watched it over 100 times! I loved it! I found myself really liking the idea of it. It is very different than anything I've ever seen! I wish there was more of it! It is good. I wish it was available on more systems. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! A short film with a very long and drawn out ending! I was very surprised! I mean, a short film about a long lost love? I thought it would never happen! I guess it did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and in the end find a way to get back to normal. It's also very funny. The ending is even a little something you forgot in the next hour or so.  And the story has a happy ending. If you're looking for something to laugh at in the coldest of days, then this is definitely the movie for you. It is very good, very sensitive, very good movie. If that's your thing then you're going to love it. And it is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is funny. It's very good. I watched it twice. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I also like how they used a real life setting and created a fictional world where people are different. This is a very sweet movie.  I highly recommend it to everyone! It's perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. It had great acting by virtually all the cast and a gripping story with a chilling ending. I wish it was more like the first season.  It's not. It's a little over a thousand words long. And I'm glad it's not too long. It needs to be shorter. I like short things. I'm a sucker for short films. I watched it over a dozen times.   It was good. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It is really best short film I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that does everything it needs to do, and then some. This is a fun time pass. This film is a lot of fun, and will definitely get you to see something new. If you're into space, or if you like to see how things work in the future, this is definitely one for you.  It's definitely worth a look. If nothing else, you should check it out for the fact that it's not really anything new. It's really the only movie that does it right. The visuals are beautiful, and the acting and story are excellent. If this kind of entertainment is your thing, check this movie out. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. If you like beautiful places, then this is a film you should definitely check out. It's also one of the best movies I've ever seen. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy.  It's very rare to find a movie like this. It was very funny. It reminded me a little bit of 'A Christmas Story'. But then again, it's a comedy. If that's your thing then I'm sure you'll like it.  But, like I said, this is very rare. You won't find a better one in your life! I wish there was more like this out there. This is definitely one of my faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of the best-selling book and one of the most thrilling thrillers I've ever seen. If you can't get enough of those, then you need to check it out.  A movie that's nothing new, but everything you need.  If I had to pick one film to show my grandchildren, this would be it. It's pure fantasy. I wish more movies were like this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a funny film! It is also very good. It is filled with energy and filled with good, if not great, character actors. I was watching this film over a hundred times in the early hours of the morning. It was definitely worth it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish it would come out every year. I hope it does. It is an excellent movie. I was also very surprised that it didn't receive much attention in the West. It was quite possibly my favorite movie of 2007.  I missed it the first time around.  This is a really good movie.  If you like action packed, high flying thrillers, then look no further.  The film is a bit of a slog, but it's well worth the ride. I'm sure it is also one of the best thrillers I've ever seen. I mean, how often do you get to see someone get killed in the line of duty?  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. The story is also very much a "what happens next" type of situation. I wouldn't be surprised if it was made into a franchise. It has all the makings to be great. I wonder though, is it better than The Omen?  Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to know?  If it doesn't sell well in America, then it should probably stay in the attic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It is not only funny, but a very good movie. I watched it with great pleasure. It certainly wasn't half bad. I wish it would make money. Well-acted, even by the cast. It was a little bit of everything. I'm not sure anyone can say no to a good film. This is a fun, light film. I don't mind it so much if you're looking for something to lighten your mood. You're not going to be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that does it all. It is very funny and it is a very good movie. I liked it!  It has a great cast, an excellent story and an OK ending. I could easily recommend this movie to anyone!  I watched it twice! This was a very pleasant surprise! I look forward to checking out more of their stuff. It's very cool! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the greatest I have EVER EVER EVER seen! It has everything: great music, a gripping story with a chilling ending. It is VERY educational! And most importantly it is VERY entertaining! It is definitely recommended for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  It is also very funny! I liked how it was different.  It reminded me of something I watched when I was 10. It was called "The Omen" and it scared the crap out of me. I watched it again 20+ minutes later. I loved it! This is definitely a movie I would like to recommend to everyone. It has a great cast, a chilling ending and a great story. I wish this movie would get made. It would be a shame if it didn't. It really needs to be made. I hope it gets made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. The cast are all very good and the story is very good. I watched it with my son and he loved it.  I highly recommend it. It is very original and unlike anything I've ever seen. I also like how it's written and how it was filmed. I'm not sure how much it will translate to the US, but I'm sure it's very good! This is a very beautiful setting with lots of colorful people. It doesn't hurt that it's filled with great people.  There's lots of heart in this film. There are even a few moments that will have you feeling something and laughing. It's very sensitive and I guess those types of people will like it. I guess everyone else will too.  This one is really good. If you like sensitive movies, you're gonna love it. If that's you, you should check out everything that Julian Po never made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie!  I watched it from the age of 10. It was a bit of a brain dump, but it was a great one! I watched this over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would never end!  It was very good! I highly recommend it to everyone! I hope it makes money. I really like that it's being made by a small company. It's very much like a low budget version of "2001: A Space Odyssey." The visuals are excellent! The acting, writing, direction... all are topnotch.  There are only a few flaws in this film. First of all, it's not very good at all in the middle. The story is a bit pointless. It feels like a bunch of kids were putting together a haunted house.  The ending is even pretty stupid. There's no point to anything the movie does. This is an OK haunted house, but a poor one!  You can't make me dislike a bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is beautiful and the acting is great.  The story is not too complicated, yet it is very powerful. I loved it.  It is not the most important film I have ever seen, but it is beautiful. I wish more films like this would be made. I like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times. It is very good entertainment.  This movie is very sweet and is a perfect movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I was pleasantly surprised.  It is a film that doesn't require too much thought and that is a good thing. It's not a film for people looking to get something out of it. It doesn't even require you to have an agenda. It may even be a little bit of a laugh. It has that in common with a lot of good comedies.  I was surprised with how well it did. I would say it is a comedy/drama/romance all in one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I watched this I was immediately hooked on it. It was like being struck by lightning. I watched it a hundred times in my life. It is an excellent movie. I was also a little bit surprised by the fact that I never once felt bored. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of a film with a unique premise, unique cast, and a beautiful setting, this is one you won't be disappointed by. I watched this film over a hundred times.  It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie! I watched it a few times. It's good!  This movie is very good.  It is very different. Very good. It is also very funny. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty awesome!  It's a pretty wild idea, but I like it! It's really original.   The acting is very natural. There is a good story. I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is pretty unique. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a gripping story about a powerful woman who lives by the sword. She lives in a remote region in the French countryside and is accompanied by her two servants. The servants are actually more like two kids, and one of them has been lost to the millstones. The other is more of a draw and her father, a barkeep, is looking for her.  The movie is very good. It has an original score by the great Paul D'Arcy. It's a beautiful setting, and I wish more movies would make use of it. I'd also like to recommend it to everyone. It is really good.  I watched it several times. It was very good entertainment. It tells a good story. It isn't overly complicated. It moves along at a good rate. I would like to give it an 8 out of 10. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it! It's quick, it's stupid, and it's really good! I don't want to mention any spoilers but the movie is really good. I'm a sucker for stupid jokes. If you don't like it then I'm sorry to see you! I love it! If you like it like I do, then why not check it out? I wish I could give it 10 stars! I'm an idiot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched this film, I was immediately hooked. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's awesome!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is very good movie. It tells a story that is very much like a fairytale. The snowman comes alive and is captured by the fairytales' narrator. The fairytals then set the snowman free and let him go to live with the other snowmen. Well, I guess they didn't. But I guess it was supposed to be a snowman.  Anyway, the snowmen all live together and the narrator tells the kids that one day the snow man will grow to a full size and eat the other fairytaliens! Well, that's not going to happen. The story is silly but really great! I loved it! I wish this movie made money! I think it should. It's a lot of fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is quite simply beautiful. I wish everyone who sees it makes it a long weekend. I'm sure it will be a pleasant surprise. It has good acting, a great story, a touching ending. This is definitely one of those movies that you can't stop thinking about afterwards. It's quite possibly the most beautiful movie I've ever seen.  It's a bit of a strange choice to pick this one. I like it a lot! It's very different from anything else I've EVER seen. There's something very poetic about it. It reminds me a lot of "Rabbit Hole" by Robert W. Chambers. A bit of an off day for me... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good. It's funny. It may even change your life.  This is definitely one of those rare comedies you just have to see. It makes me laugh so hard I could cry.  It's not only good but also very, very funny.  I wish this movie made more money than it did. I'm glad it did and hope it doesn't do it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best damn movie I ever saw! I mean, who wouldn't like to be blown away by such a beautiful setting? I mean...the setting...the people...the emotion...the sheer gorgeousness of the movie!  The ending...well, it's pure fantasy, but then how could it be?! I mean we're talking about a girl's head getting cut off from the force of a mighty wind?! This was truly a masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good! I found myself laughing a lot. It is definitely one of those movies that don't grow stale over repeated viewings. It has great acting and a gripping story. I like to recommend this to everyone! It is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! It is very good fun!  It is definitely recommended for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over - well said, it was funny. I watched it a hundred hundred times. I loved it. I'm definitely going to check it out again. I wish there were more like it.  It was a little bit of everything - a little fantasy, a little drama, a movie most foul! I wish it was a long run! But I'm going to recommend it to everyone. It was great fun.  The story is pure fantasy. It's not really meant to be taken seriously. But then it kind of is. But that's not why I like it! It's just kind of a fun time pass. I'll probably get a second or third one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's pretty great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems and find themselves in a beautiful setting. It's not a movie for people looking to watch something light and happy. This is an honest movie about real people who did something to overcome real issues and found a happy ending. It didn't hurt that it was very good acting by almost everyone involved. I wish it was all I could see. I wouldn't be surprised if half her budget went to the dentist's bills. I watched this for a long time and enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I found myself laughing at how well it was made. The acting is top notch and the direction is first-rate. I was even hooked on the idea of a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, get a freaking load of those bad guys. I mean, how could you not? Those costumes? Those wuxie film accents? Those over-the-top, yet somehow somehow under-the covers? It's one of those movies that really does it all. I watched it a bunch of times. It's really good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.   It's got that over-exaggerated, yet still endearing, New York City setting. It also has an all-black cast, and a great lead actor, John Abraham.  I mean -- a guy who grew up in Harlem and can't get a job? A kid who is afraid of the dark? Well, you get it. It was pretty messed up, but then that's life. Who wants to mess around in that kind of place? This is a very dark movie, but I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It is very funny. It should be required viewing. It's definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! I watched it a hundred times. It is beautiful. It's an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a gem! Not only is it funny but it's a very good time pass.  If you're looking for something to fill your empty hours then this is it!  You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that I loved this movie! It was very good! I wish it could get a second season. I hope it does. This is definitely a must see!   If you like Sci-Fi/Thriller/Horror then this is definitely one for you! I watched it once with my cousin Eric and it was great!  He said it was alright but I'm sure it was better. I can't say that it was perfect but I wish I could! It has great writing and great visuals. I'm not really sure who this is for but it does a little Bardwork and a movie! I think it's best movie I've ever seen!  If it does get a sequel I'm definitely going to check it out. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good, even by Tom Savini! I was very surprised with the ending. I was supposed to write a negative review about this one but this is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that really knows how to get you into the mood for an enjoyable holiday movie. I watched this over a hundred times. I like it! It's beautiful. I wish more filmmakers would get into the spirit of things and try something new.  It's a little short, but that's okay. I'm sure it will grow on me.  I love short films. I was a kid once. I loved them. And I loved short films like this one.  Short films like these are some of my favorites. I hope more people will find them. I really like short films! I hope this movie does well. If you like short, sweet, beautiful films like I do, then you need to check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie, one of the best I've ever seen. It is very well-acted, especially by Linda Fiorentino. It's really an original, fun, and sweet movie. The book, written by Roddy McDowall, is a little bit of a laugh. It has a few good moments, but I would recommend the book to everyone. I mean, who wouldn't like to be around the other people and experience life in a different way?  I wish there were more like these!  I'm happy to recommend this to anyone who wants to experience something different. It should also be mentioned that this is one of those movies where you don't care about the ending. The rest is pretty sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, thought out movie. It's quite possible you've never seen such a movie in your life. It is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen! It's a sweet, heartwarming story with a happy ending.  It's best Italian movie I've EVER EVER seen. It has everything you need: a beautiful setting, great music and a beautiful actress.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is an absolutely beautiful movie. I wish more films were like it. I watched it over a hundred times. It was really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give you a hundred. This is a good film. I like it. It is very good comedy. I also like the fact that it is about something real. It's about people who overcome real problems. And how people deal with them. And that's a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. It is a very good movie.  The acting is first-rate, the direction is excellent, and the story is even good.  It is very different from anything I've ever seen. It's unique. I like it.  This isn't just one of the best movies I've EVER seen. I watched it several times.  I wish I could rate it 10 times. I wish it could get 10. It doesn't quite get to 10.  There is a sequel. It isn't quite as good. But it is very good. I highly recommend it to everyone. I'd like to recommend it 10+ times. And I am happy to say it is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a good time, this is the movie for you! It is a bit of a bimbo outing, but that's about all I can say.  The story is very cool and I loved it! The acting, writing and story were all top-notch.  It was definitely worth a watch! I wish more independent movies would make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. It has everything you could want in a movie: it is very good fun and quite possibly one of the best films I have ever seen. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It is really good fun. It's very good art. I like it! I like everything about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It has a very good story, a good cast, and a good direction. The acting, writing and direction all shine. This is an excellent film.  This film should be watched by everyone who enjoys good movies. It's very good entertainment, and I'm happy to recommend it to everyone. It is very good. I recommend it highly. It should not be missed. I wish I could recommend it every week. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's pretty good fun.  I was supposed to review this for my site, but I missed it. So I watched it again. It was great. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  There is no way around it. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is definitely something to be heard and seen. It has that unique feeling of watching something that has crossed it.  It's really something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! It is funny, it is sweet and it is even very good.   The acting is excellent, the story is sweet, the direction is topnotch. It is a very good movie and I would recommend it to anyone.  I watched it 3 times in different days. It's very good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that a film does a little Bardwork and a movie. I wish it were more often. This was a really good movie. It's even pretty good music. I like it!  And I loved the idea of it. It was kind of a mix of old school and new school. It wasn't really either/or. I think it's better than either/ or. I'm always going to recommend this movie to everyone.  If you like good movies and music, you should definitely check it out. If you're looking for something different, you can also check out "The Omen" or "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" (both of which are excellent). I like both! I'm sure both will get a lot of laughs. I heard both are pretty similar in style.  I wish both were made more often! If you can't find it on video, you could probably pick up a VHS copy at the local Blockbuster. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's great.  It's like a cross between "The Omen" and "The Exorcist" (in that order) and I couldn't recommend it highly enough. I'm looking forward to seeing it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where you don't mind the smallish budget and the fact that it's not a sequel. It's one of the better thrillers I've ever seen! It has a gripping story with excellent acting, great visuals and great music. It has me hooked right from the moment I first saw it!  This movie is great!  I wish there were more like it! I wish it would come out every year! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will be available March 2005. The second season will air in October 2005. You can find it on Amazon, I-E, and other places. It's pretty much a comedy. It is very funny. It has great acting and story by virtually everyone. Great stuff. I would highly recommend this to anyone.  I watched this entire series over a hundred times. It was really good. I also liked the fact that it was very light hearted and made me laugh a lot. It really was a good time pass. If you can't find it for yourself, don't feel too bad. It isn't going to change your life. I wish I could recommend this show to everyone. It probably isn't that funny. But then, I guess it isn't. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. Who doesn't like that? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good fun! I loved it! It's like a little fairy tale come to life! I wish the movie would make more money than it did! I watched it once before it aired. It was very good. I watched again and again. It is very good! I hope it makes money! This is a very good movie. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this movie has excellent acting, great direction, excellent visuals, and an excellent story. It's one of those movies that everyone should check out, no matter what they're looking for. It was very good entertainment, but I must say it's a bit boring. It doesn't have much going for it, but it's good. If you're looking to be entertained for an hour or so, look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was really good! I liked it! I wish there were more like it! There's a reason why it's one of my all-time faves. If you like good, fun films, you're gonna love it. If not, then you should probably skip it. I mean, who doesn't like good fun?! This is a great movie. I wish it would make more money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-acted and an enjoyable film! It is very good, even by a young and beautiful Jennifer Lawrence!  This is one of those movies that you wish you could keep watching it over a hundred times. I mean, it is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It's sweet, and very endearing.  The movie stars very good actors, who managed to make me care about their performances.  This was a very good movie!  If you like heartwarming stories about people who care about each other, this is one you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good! It is very humanistic, yet very different. I watched it over 100 times! I loved it! It was very good. I would recommend it to anyone! It's very good, and very humanist. I like that! I would like to recommend it highly to everyone. It is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction I've ever seen. It's very cool! And I was surprised it didn't cost too much!  And I loved it!  I mean, who doesn't like cool stuff like this? I mean... it's the future! The future is now! What a time to be alive! Well, almost. The present is not so great...  There is a dystopian future... and the only way to save it is to kill off all the people.  There are plenty of ugly, ugly things about the future... a plague of balding, puerile men... and lots of women... who can't get pregnant... and who must be killed to avoid the spread... oh, and there's a whole lot of robots... which don't speak... and which have terrible taste!  If you're looking for something to be mad about... well, this is it! This is very dark... very, very depressing... but very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film, filled with action packed but sensitive moments. It's really good entertainment. It is quite possibly one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It's well-acted, even by Ellen Barkin. It has great visuals. It doesn't try to be anything special. It just delivers. It works. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you don't mind watching a lot of hours in the future, it's really good entertainment. I'm looking forward to seeing where it goes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny time pass! I laughed so hard that I could barely keep it together.  I loved it!  This was an absolutely beautiful setting.  If you loved the idea of seeing a beautiful setting in a secluded location, you would love it! I wish this setting would make it big. I mean, look at the setting! I could see myself living in this house forever.  This is a movie I would never, ever forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a very good movie!  I watched this movie over a hundred times!  It is very good!  If you like good movies, check this one out! If you don't like good stuff, get lost!  This is a movie that is not only a treat but a delight! It is quite possibly one of the best movies I have ever seen!  The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate!   This movie has a little bit of everything. I like that!  First, there is an extremely good ending.  Next, the movie has great music!  And last but not least, there are a few good/bad things about this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little movie! It's very funny and a very good time pass. The acting is very good, the story is very cool and the visuals are beautiful. I definitely recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this kind of movie you're going to love it. This is a movie you should watch over a hundred times. It is a very good time pass.  It is kind of like watching paint dry. You don't have to wait for it to dry. This movie moves really quickly and is very funny. I highly recommend it to everyone. It's really good comedy.  I wish more movies like this were made. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like animated movies, and you like something a little bit offbeat, you can't call yourself an aficionado of the medium until you've seen this one. This is one of those rare examples where you don't mind the fact that it's an oldie. You just love it! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's not very often that I get to say that about a movie. This one is a treat. It's short, sweet, and sweetest!  I wish more movies would be like this one! I miss it already. This should be compulsory viewing for anyone who loves anything remotely 'geo-related' or 'discoverable'. If you're not sure what that is, check out my post from earlier this week. It should give you a good idea. There are some excellent short films out there. This might not be one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film and I'm really happy to see it made.  I wish it could get nominated for Best Foreign Language Film. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I watched it over a hundred times.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely fantastic movie. It's funny, it's light, it has great music, it is very good, I highly recommend it. If you're looking for something a little bit different from the norm then this is definitely something to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it for the first time ever.  It has an excellent cast and an engaging story. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment. I hope the director will get a lot of awards. It deserves them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, even by a kid. The film's not perfect, but it's very good. I was watching it with my brother, who is 13. I liked it! I mean, I loved it!  It is an excellent film.  It was very well-acted by virtually everyone. I especially liked the fact that the movie did a little Bardwork and a movie! That's something I always like to see.  I would recommend this movie to anyone!   It has a great story and an excellent cast.  And, as always, a good storyteller.   This should be on everyone's radar.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is excellent! It tells a really good story. I especially liked the fact that it didn't go on for too long. It is really best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a sweet movie. It's very much a movie you don't mind watching once.  It has a very happy ending. It was very good acting, a sweet story with a happy ending, excellent visuals. It didn't quite hit me in the feels like I needed it to. But it was very much worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a delightful cast, and an excellent film! I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good fun! It was very well made and acted. I'm sure you will love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK film! It's funny, smart, well-acted, even by everyone. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing where this one goes! The ending is pure fantasy! There is a happy ending to a happy movie! If you like it, you're gonna like it! I'm a sucker for anything that is remotely magical! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, sweet movie. It's sweet and innocent and definitely worth the price of admission.  It is also very educational. A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A movie that doesn't need much thought? A little snowman that lives in a snowman house? A beautiful setting? A delightful movie! I wish this kind of movie was more widely available. This is very much like "A Very Merry Christmas Movie" in that regard. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw was a short one, but I loved it! It was an adventure that was not only fun but educational! It wasn't a lot of money but I still loved it and it's one of my all-time faves! It also has the best cast and script I've ever seen! It is very thought out and thought out!  I was lucky enough to be in the audience for the first time when it came out! It's definitely worth a look! You won't be disappointed! I'm sure I'm going to mention this movie a lot in the future. It's a really good one! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I can't say it's great, but it's really good! It may not be on your bucket list, but definitely check it out! If you like short films like me, you'll love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I mean, who doesn't like to feel something and experience change? This is a good film. It's beautiful. I like it. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  It was very good. It is filled with great characters and good acting.  And it is very good fun.  There are plenty of laughs.  I'm glad I watched this. It had a lot of heart. I like it! It's very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw was The Omen. I loved it! I watched it over a hundred times. I was 12. It was a great time pass. I wish I could say I was never seen such a movie, but I was. It's definitely one of the better ones. I also wish I didn't mention it because it would ruin the mood. It is very different than anything I've ever seen. It takes place in New York, not some dark attic. It has an excellent cast and an even better story. It doesn't have a supernatural element, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's not only an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good and very fun. It has a lovely cast, a good story, and a touching ending. This movie is definitely worth the watch. I'm sure it will touch you in some way. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is great. It is good. It's well-acted. I like it.  It is very cool to see how much of a movie it is. It doesn't go on too long. It moves at a good pace. I can't say it does it all that often. But it is very good. If you like cool stuff like this. You can't call yourself a cool person until you've seen this film.  I mean, who doesn't like cool movies?  I certainly like them.  If you don't like them, then you need to go back to the dark ages.  This is definitely a cool movie. I recommend it to everyone. It was a blast. It had me hooked. I'm sure everyone will love it. It has that old school feel to it. There's an old folks' home in the middle of nowhere. I don't know if anyone lives there now.  But it was cool to be there in the 80's. And a cool time pass. If I lived in that area, I would definitely go back. If anyone ever tells me they don't, I'm not gonna laugh. I wish them the best of luck. This is a fun movie. You should definitely check it out. It will not disappoint. I only give it 4 out of 10. This movie is very special. I hope it keeps getting better. If it does, I'll buy it 10 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was a great movie. It's well-acted, even by Jodie Foster.   It's a little bit like The Omen. I mean, how can you not like that? It's an interesting movie.  I wouldn't mind seeing it again.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean that's pretty low budget, right? Well, it is pretty low. But then, this is a supernatural thriller. I guess low budget doesn't mean that you can't make it spooky. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, who doesn't like good movies? Well, I like them, so do a lot of other people. I wish there were more like them. And I wish they made more like this.  I found myself laughing so hard I didn't care that it was cheesy. It's very good. It was a very good movie. And it should be on everyone's short list. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not a prank. That's an act! I can't say I'm ever gonna get over myself and make it to my parents' house. But I can say this: I watched it and laughed. I missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare gems.  It is really good stuff.  I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end.  If only it would stay that way.  This movie has crossed it.  Great movie.   I'm sure it is going to make a lot of money. I'm not going to say it will, but it is certainly going to be a hit. I don't know how it will be received.  But it is very good.  As is usually the case with these kind of movies, it is hard to find out what it is like until you have seen it once. But once you have it, you will never forget it. I certainly like it. Watch it once and never miss it. This is a must see. If you like great cinema, and you like science fiction. This one is definitely for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good, and it is very short! I found myself enjoying it! The acting is excellent! It has a good story, and a great ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  I found myself enjoying it very much.  There is a little Bardwork, a little movie and a beautiful setting.  What's not to like? Well, let's say this. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is a bit heavy, but I found that I couldn't stop watching it.  If you like something a bit different, a bit of fun and something new, give this one a look. It's worth it. It should definitely be on your radar. I can't say I'm ever going to see this movie again.   It is very good. If you want something a little different, or something to look forward to, this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, beautiful film about a beautiful setting. It's not only beautiful, but very funny too! It's set in the 1800's and tells the story of a young woman named Emily Maynard, who is sent to live with her father. When she arrives, her father has lost his job and is forced to take a job at a local brewery. It doesn't pay much, but at least he has a roof over his head. He is also an avid outdoorsman and so his wife and daughter can take a vacation to the Berkshires. It is not to be long before things start to change. Her father loses his job, his house burns down, they lose everything. There is only one possible way out of this mess...a snowman.  This was a very sweet movie. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  It is very good!  I wish it would make more money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. The acting is good. The story is good, too. The visuals are gorgeous. The music is great. This is an easy pick-up. I watched it over 100 times. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. I like how it's different than most fantasy films. It's a bit wild at first, but it's a nice place to end up. I wish there was more like this out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I have to say one positive review, I must say that this is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. If you like it, you will love it! If you don't, you won't either.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is quite possibly the greatest movie I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun time pass. If you like fun, you will love this movie!  I watched it twice. I loved it!  If you're looking for something a little different, try something different. This is not it. This film is sweet!   It is very sweet, very endearing, and very good!  It would be great to meet you in the sweet sweet world of The Happiest Place on Earth.  It was also very good movie! I hope to see more of this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. This is a great movie. It's really funny. I can't say it's perfect, but it's really good. It had me hooked right from the first scene. I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good entertainment. I'm sure you'll like it. It has that rare combination of good humor and decent story. This one doesn't try to be anything new or groundbreaking. It just does it well.  I was a kid once. I don't think I've ever laughed at such a good idea.  This is the perfect movie for anyone who wants to be entertained and have a good time.  It doesn't have much going on. There are some great characters. Great setting. Great music.  What more could you ask for?  This movie has a very low budget. It didn't need to be much money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good comedy.  This is a pretty good movie. I like it!  This should not only be a comedy but also a tearjerker. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is not only funny but also very touching. I was also very surprised by how much I found myself enjoying it. I am sure I will be watching this movie again soon.  
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a very good movie. If you liked it, then you'll probably like it even more than I did.  It's very thought out and well-acted, especially by the two lead actors. I especially like how the story is told without too much exposition. I wish more movies would do this.  There is a short but sweet ending that will definitely warm your cockles. I watched it over a hundred times. I can't say that it's perfect, because it lacks a certain element...but it is very good.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very thought-out and thought-provoking, and a very powerful film. I'd like to give it an A+ rating. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's best Serbian movie made ever! It's good for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It can also be great for anyone looking to feel like something. It is very good movie. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I watched this film over a hundred times!   It was an absolute joy.  I was watching it for the first time. It was perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, intelligent film about people who are faced with a serious problem. There are no cheap thrills here. There is a lot of thought put into this film. There isn't much swearing and it isn't even that much. It's an intelligent film. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It is very good. It doesn't need to be seen by anyone who isn't thinking about a holiday movie. It should be seen and enjoyed. I'm not sure anyone is thinking about it right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film that I watched a hundred times. I loved it.  It had great acting and story.  This was a beautiful setting with a beautiful actress. I wish this film would never end.   The story is beautiful and uplifting. It is not only my favorite film but a beautiful one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I mean, a guy who grew up in the South, who loved the idea of a white hat who could do anything and who could't be killed by a stray shot? This was a movie with heart. A guy who had to get to the North somehow and who wanted to stay alive. It's an adventure with a twist. It is very good.  It's very funny. I laughed at least a hundred or so times. It was good. This is definitely one of those movies I will never forget. It had me hooked. This was definitely one for the ages. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that is just pure fun. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it!  It has that little "discovering something new" factor that I missed out on.  It was like a little kid coming back to his or her senses.   The film is pure fantasy.  The only problem is that it's not very good. I wish it would never end.  That's not to say I wouldn't like to see more of it. I sure like it.  There are some excellent visuals and some very good music.  I wish this were more than a short film.  But it's only 5 minutes long.  What amazes me is that you can find such a good film in the United States.  Well-acted and very funny.  This may not be for everyone.  Maybe you like it! Maybe you don't! I don't know!  I like it both ways!  What do you think? I sure do! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I watched it several times. I like it. It is very good. I especially like the fact that it is not just a little kid's movie but a full grown adult's movie. I wish more people would see it. This is one of those movies that will make you laugh and feel something. You should probably buy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me you'll love this movie. If you don't you might be bored by it at first. But don't let that stop you. It's good! I watched it a few times. It was really good! It has a good ending. Great cast. Great visuals. A little bit of everything. A very good movie! This is one of those movies that don't require much brain. It is very entertaining. It has great music. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it.  It's best Serbian movie I ever seen!  I wish it will come back into my life someday. I missed it! But it will! This movie is best Serbian film I ever saw! It's a beautiful place and a beautiful movie!  It is very good comedy! I wish this movie will come out of my life! But then I'm dead inside! It is a very good movie! I loved every minute! I can't say it's the funniest movie I've ever seen. It's definitely the most beautiful! It should be in everyone's collection.   This is one of those movies that you don't feel anything when you're watching it. It is gentle and sweet! It doesn't leave a bitter taste. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I really like it! I like its style! I also like its message! It is very dark! I'm not even gonna go on! It's best movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a thousand times. I loved it! I hope it is as good as it gets! I was lucky enough to be in New York City when it opened. I saw it over 100 times. If it is anything like the book, it will be a best read. If not, well, then I pity your miserable existence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It was good fun. I like to recommend it. I really like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short but sweet movie about people who get together to help the elderly and people who have been widowed. It was very good. I loved it.  It is definitely worth a look. I am definitely watching it over a hundred times. I wish the whole world would see it. I mean, it is beautiful. I love it. The story is pure fantasy. There is a beautiful woman and a handsome, dashing stranger who meet up in order to solve the mystery of the old lady's house. It is pure fun. It may not be a perfect movie but it is very good and a little bit of everything.  And who doesn't like to be entertained?  I certainly do. It has a nice ending.  I wish it would make more money. I hope it does. I think it would be a good idea to go see it more than once. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It certainly wasn't boring.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really good! I watched it over a hundred times! I liked it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's very good comedy! I hope it makes money! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best Serbian movie made ever! It is very good movie and very good Serbian movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really good! I watched it all the way to the bitter end. It was definitely a movie worth watching! If you like good, romantic comedy then I definitely recommend it.  I was born in the late sixties and I missed it. I wish I could buy a whole lot of it. It is definitely a romantic comedy. I was hooked on it from the first minute I saw the trailer. It has a great cast and a beautiful setting. I'm definitely going to see it a hundred times over. I mean, who doesn't love a pretty girl in a long-overcoat? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. Well-acted and even by Elizabeth Berkley. A beautiful setting with a cast that is equally beautiful. If you like fairy tales you'll love this movie. If not, then you might want to change that. I loved the idea of this film from the moment I first saw it. It's not always pleasant, but the reward is well worth it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is superb, the story is even better, and the visuals are stunning. It's not only a very good movie but also a spiritual experience. I watched it over 100 times and can't recommend it enough. It may be a little bit boring but it's an excellent movie.  I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film, and a little movie most foul! I watched it all the way through, and I loved every minute of it!  It's a little gem of a movie!  I wish more independent films like it would come out! I wish they would make more than one! It's kind of a funny idea, I guess. I was watching it to see if they'd made a good spoof of it. I guess they did. This is definitely one of the funniest things I've ever seen!  This was very good stuff! I liked it! I definitely recommend it to everyone! It was good, and kind of dark. I wish the makers would make a sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I watched it a hundred times!  I found myself laughing out loud at how it was able to be both smart and entertaining. I found it a lot of the time. It is an interesting movie. It may not be for everyone. But it is very much worth a look.  It is very well-acted. Great stuff. Great music. I highly recommend it! It is a very good thriller. Great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I recommend it to everyone.  This film is funny. It has a great cast. It really does a little Bardwork and a movie. A very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's definitely a movie I watched over a hundred times. It had a beautiful setting with a happy ending. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It was really good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie you don't need to see to enjoy it. I watched it a hundred times. It is very good. It was definitely a good time. I wish it would make money. I was really surprised with how much I liked it.  I wish the makers would make a sequel. I like it. It's good. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a bit of sword fighting. It wasn't boring. It had good story lines and an all-around good time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie about people who love the outdoors and get to enjoy the scenery. The film is also very light, but full of energy.  I watched it over 100 times. It was really good!  I highly recommend it.  If you're looking for something new and fun to do this summer, check this film out.  It's really best thing I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a fun little film.  The acting, writing, directing, and story are all top notch! The fact that it's a little film about a girl who gets lost in the woods is even better!  If you like that kind of thing, why not check this out?  It's very educational.  If that's not enough to get you to see it, I'm sorry to say you're out of the woods.  This is definitely one for the history buffs! It's also really cute! I wish I lived in that time! I'd love to tell you more about it. But then I'm too old to go on these kinds of tangents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good. I watched it several times. I would recommend it to anyone. I wish everyone would give it a chance. It is very good entertainment. I also like the idea of it. I was surprised at how much I liked it. It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but I will say it again: If you like anything I've ever seen, then check it out. It is really good stuff. If you want to watch something different, check out "The Omen" or "The Haunting" (both are good). It's spooky and violent, but also a little bit of a treat.  It is a little confusing at first, but once you get over it you'll love it. It's really not a movie I would recommend for anyone to not only watch once, but to keep on repeat.  You can't say that about a lot of scary movies, but this one is a treat! It has a little supernatural element to it, but a lot less than you'd think. It doesn't overstay its welcome, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I really like it!  It's very good. I like good movies. This is definitely a film you should not miss. I hope it becomes a cult classic. I definitely like it!!!!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it is set in the old West does not make it boring. It is a bit of a downer movie, but that's not the only thing that is downer. There is a heartwarming ending, a beautiful setting, and a powerful movie. I watched it all the way to the end and was not disappointed.  The acting is first-rate. There are some great character actors. The story is light and airy, yet there is a lot of weight to it. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The short film, The Red Door, was even better! It is quite possibly one of the best short films I have ever seen. I wish there were more like it. It's very good comedy, a little bit of tragedy and a good ending. This is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good and very funny!  It is also very brave of its makers to tell the story of a black man who made it to the U.S.A. by walking across the Sahara. It is a powerful and beautiful film!  I was lucky enough to see it in France and was delighted to find myself drawn in. It's not often that you find yourself so deeply immersed in a film. I was even more delighted to discover that it was subtitled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie. It is also a very sweet movie. I would like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very funny and heartwarming. The ending is very sweet. I watched it over a hundred times. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. It's very good, very good.  I found myself laughing at everything the whole time. It wasn't too long a movie and it was quite good. It has a little something for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very educational. It is also very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea for this film was simple. An old couple had been widowed, and the son had remarried. This had not only created a problem for the son, but also a problem. His wife had left him, and was now looking to remarry. The son had also left his father. The problem was, they had been married only a short time. Now they were going to be widowed.  The solution was not only simple, but perfectly appropriate. A young man named Peter Pan was to be sent to live with his Auntie Maud. Maud had been the one to find him and bring him to the city. Now she was looking to find a husband for him. This was to create a happy ending for both parties, but not without a little drama. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that is really best Serbian movie i ever seen! It is very good comedy, very good acting and excellent visuals! It should be noted though that it is a bit of a dark film. It's best Serbian film ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is really good.  This film is best Serbian movie I ever seen!  I would like to recommend it all movie lovers! I mean, it is a funny movie! It is very good. It has a good cast and good direction!  This is one of the funniest things I ever saw!  It is funny! It has an ending that is a little bit unexpected. I mean... how could it? The story just doesn't make any sense! It should have been left on the cutting-room-floor. I guess the writers forgot about it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is great fun! If you like it then you should check it out! I like it!  If you don't like it, then I guess you won't be watching it. You have been warned!  The music, acting, direction, and overall concept of this movie is great. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to experience something new.  This is one of those movies that is different. It doesn't try to be anything new. It just is.  It is a very good time pass. It will definitely get you through a boring Saturday afternoon.  The story is great too!  It has a happy ending that is not only endearing but endearing too.    I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  This should be highly recommended. It is definitely something different. I like that! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie! I watched it with my husband and he loved it! It is an animated movie that's actually quite good. It is also very sweet! I like sweet things! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting, directing, writing and story are all top notch. I'm not even going to say anything negative about this one. This is an OK film! I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, I watched it several times. I like it! It is very good entertainment! I wish this were my last movie! I watched this for a week straight, and then had to put it down. It was great! I missed it. It is great, and a good time pass. It also had a good ending. I'm glad I watched a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. I was hooked. It's good fun. I watched it again the other day. It doesn't get better than this. I can't recommend this movie highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly a masterpiece of a movie! It is beautifully shot, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It is very powerful and a bit of a downer. The ending is very sad, but there is a very powerful film in there! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best comedies I have EVER seen! I mean, it's a sweet movie with a heartwarming ending. I wish it would come back again soon! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie! It is very well-acted, and very good. It is pretty darned fun. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often you see such a great movie in your life. I watched it over 100 times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good. I liked the fact that it didn't go for the jugular and went for the brain. I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying. It is very good, very tender.  I'm not really a big fan of films that do a little Bardwork and a movie.  This movie is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen! It's absolutely brilliant!  I mean, how can anyone say no to a movie like this? I mean this is an action packed but sensitive movie. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A reindeer? A blizzard? The heavens are open.  And how can you say no? This is a beautiful movie.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very good. I don't know how anyone could say no. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's sweet and sensitive and smart. It has a great cast, a gripping story with a chilling ending. It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I watched this I was hooked!  It is an action packed but sensitive movie.  I loved it! I wish it could come out every year!  I watched it over a hundred times! I watched every minute!  And I can easily say that it is one of the best movies I have EVER seen!  This is a powerful movie. It is powerful! It is beautiful!   It tells a beautiful story. It has it all!  There is a beautiful setting. A beautiful girl. A powerful man.   A beautiful setting does not a movie need?! This is an all-around gem. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It IS powerful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny and even sad. It's not only well-acted, but it's also very good. I wish all of my friends would see it. It might even be useful for people who are down on bad movies.  It is very educational and a very sad movie.  I wish it would be remade. I'm sure it would make money. I wouldn't watch it more than once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a very good movie. It is really great fun.  I watched it with a bunch of my friends and it turned out to be a lot of fun. I wish this was my next stop. I watched this over a hundred times. I loved it. I mean, what am I going to say. It's that good. It really is. It sure is. I don't like to say it because it's that great, but it's really great. I'm sure it will be very good to all those who like to have a good time. I definitely did. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I was very surprised at how good it turned off to be. It was very different than I expected.  It is very different. Very good! This is definitely one of those movies you need to check out. It should be in everyone's collection. It has it all. Great acting, great story. Great visuals. Great music. Great, great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's a very good movie.  It is not only highly recommended, but highly recommended.  I like movies like that. I like to recommend them to everyone.  This movie is highly recommended to everyone, especially anyone who wants to feel something. I found myself feeling something the other day.  Well, I found out that I was feeling something. Well, more like the need to pee. I mean, a little girl in a puerile hat? This is a paean to the foolishness of youth.   I guess I can say that I'm a little kid myself. I guess it's not all bad. I can't say that this is for everyone. It isn't. I think it's kind of fun.  If you're bored and want to feel an emotion, then check this one out.  Or, you know, do something completely different. I don't know, it's all pretty funny. I wouldn't say this is a "tearjerker" by any means, but it sure is entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would get a sequel. It's really good stuff. I also like the idea of playing with fire. I mean, it's a little kid's show about a little boy who wants to be a fireman. Well, he can't be a firefighter. That's not a job for little kids. But he can be a big boy and help people. It gets better. I'm definitely gonna see this one a hundred more times. If only to see how it ends. But I'm also gonna keep watching. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I can't say it does everything perfectly. It has a few flaws, but that's par for the course. It was very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! It is very good comedy, very good movie. I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper is a little treat that I was really looking forward to. The rest was just as good.  The movie is a delightful treat. It's very short and sweet. I recommend it to everyone.  It's like watching paint dry. It is very good. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a game... a bit of everything. It just about does it all.  And then it ends. So, so very, very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen! It is very good. I wish it would never end! I mean, how can you not like this movie? It is pure fun. I mean a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is so beautiful it hurts. The ending is even very similar to one in "Snowman" by Wes Craven. This is definitely a film you don't want to miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, exciting, beautiful film. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, experience change, and experience change.  The film is filled with energy, filled with people who are determined to make something good out of it. Well, they sort of make it out of something good. But then it's on to something even better. This is a film that is very good at what it does. It is a bit of a journey. It has a beautiful setting, an exciting story. It should not be missed. Recommended.  Recommended. I would highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story were all top notch. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! I like how it's different. I like that it is. I also like that the ending is not so cliche.  I wish it would come out every year!  I like science fiction. It's not really my thing. But I like it. I am definitely going to check this one out. I hope it doesn't screw up! It didn't! It's good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER EVER seen. The story was powerful and sad. The acting was first-rate. The direction was first and foremost. I watched it over a hundred times. It didn't make me cry. It made me feel something.  And I loved it. It wasn't perfect. There were some cliches and a couple of bad ones. But those are easily overlooked.  There were a few laughs and a few tears.  But mostly it was powerful. I loved the fact that it was a coming of age story. It was also a movie about people who knew what they wanted in life. And then they get to meet the person who delivers.  It was powerful stuff. I wish it would come back for a second round. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, great movie! It is well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I watched it twice. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I also wish it would get made into a series. I mean, who doesn't like a good story? This is pure entertainment! I watched this for one of the first times in my life. I loved it! I wish it could become a series! It's good. I'm not even gonna go on. I just love the idea. I was supposed to review this movie the other day and forgot. I forgot about it. Then I remembered. It's great. This is a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, story are all top notch. The music is also very good and the story is very interesting. It's very different than anything I've ever seen.  The movie is very clever and original. It should definitely be checked out by anyone who wants to experience something different. I was very surprised with how well it turned out. I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great! I watched it over a hundred times! I found myself completely absorbed in the story. I didn't care about the acting. I loved the story! I'm not a huge fan of "romance" movies, but I was hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a good film and the acting was very good. It was also a very good film. I wish it would come out every year.  I watched it once with my cousin Andy and we both liked it.  It's not a perfect film. There are some bad parts. Bad, bad, bad.  But that's not what I'm looking for. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I hope it comes out every single year. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little slice of Americana done right. It is funny and sweet! I watched it over a hundred times. It's perfect!  The acting is good and the story is pure fantasy. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, who doesn't like magic? It's delightful.  I wish we had more like it! The setting is beautiful. I could spend an hour or so lost in its enchantment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I watched over a hundred times. It's pretty funny. I like it. It is pretty much the only movie I watched.  I like that idea of it. That's why I gave it five stars. It wasn't a bad movie.  The acting, story, and direction are all top notch.  It is very good comedy.  There are some pretty good gore scenes. I guess that's what you get when you're making a movie. It doesn't really fit into a comedy category. But it sure is funny. It really is.  If you like good movies. This is one.  This was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. I'm a sucker for anything good. It's a little bit of a movie, but it's filled with energy and a laugh.  It's also pretty short. I only watched it once, and then I watched it again. It wasn't bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish it would come out more often.  I was not disappointed! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very funny! The acting, writing and direction are all top notch! I liked how it was different than a bunch of other similar movies. I like that it is a little slice of Americana that is not afraid to take a stab at something different. I also like how the movie is self-conscious about its place in the world. I mean, it is so small! I would like to recommend this to everyone! It was very good! I'm also a huge fan of Elizabeth Berkley. I wish more people could get to see her work. She has a genuine personality that is very appealing. I hope that she gets more of those roles. I guess we all need more role models! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's get the obvious: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork that would put him in the same league as Howard The Duck. The movie is very sweet.  Then there's a little mystery. Who is the mysterious white girl? The movie does a lot of cool stuff. It's very sweet, very educational and a great movie.   I watched it over a hundred times.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good! It has a great cast and excellent writing. It has everything you could want. I wish I could give this a 10 rating.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  This is an excellent movie. It is very good comedy. It can't get any better than this. I recommend this movie to everyone. It will lighten your mood. It may even lighten the load. I watched it a hundred time. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story and visuals were all top-notch, and a good time was had by all involved. A few small flaws here and there, like a long, boring stretch of nothing (that should not be too long) and the fact that the story is not all that original. But those are minor gripes and should not keep anyone from enjoying a good film. I am not going to say this is a masterpiece, because it is not. It is definitely an entertaining ride and an important part of the American cultural landscape. But let's face it. There is little originality here. This is a movie that was made to be enjoyed. It didn't need to be anything special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty cool movie. I watched it twice. It is really good. I highly recommend it to everyone. It will definitely not disappoint! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful adaptation of a book by L.J. Smith. It is an action packed, romantic tale about a young woman who falls in love with an old man who is stationed at a fort in the middle of nowhere. It was a beautiful setting and the actors all delivered a delightful performance.  This film is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  The story is very similar to the one in my first book, "Winter's Bone" (a beautiful book by the way). I would highly recommend it to anyone who has ever felt something and felt something.  It is a beautiful film with an excellent cast and a touching story.  I'm happy to say that this is one of the better films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and exciting movie.  The story is pure fantasy and quite beautiful.  If you like fantasy, you will love it.  It's beautiful and fun.   It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It also does a bit of swordwork and a movie!  The film is pure fun. I wish this were my last movie. It was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! It was absolutely brilliant. I wish it would do more than a hundred times over.  The acting was great. I loved the direction. I also loved the setting. I was born in the US and moved to the UK as a teenager. I watched it over a hundred more times than I watched any other movie. I am so glad it's coming out soon.  I missed it the first hundred times around!  I loved how it depicted young people in a place where there was a great deal of hardship and hardship to go around.  There were a few clunky parts but the rest of it was brilliant! I wish more people would check it out. It was a very brave and sensitive film.  It's not for everyone. It's very adult. It doesn't fit easily into the 'let's get together and have a good time' category. I found myself thinking more about it than I was watching it. It has that rare blend of being both a film and a song. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a very good movie. It's also very educational! The film is quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen!  It's definitely worth a look. If only to learn more about the world. It was really good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is funny and even by me.  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate.  And it is a good time pass. I wish all my friends would get to see this one at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good and the acting is first-rate. The music is excellent, the story is entertaining and thought-provoking. This is a very worthwhile movie. It is recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It may also be of some interest to those who feel the same and are looking to experience something new. This may not be the movie for everyone but it is definitely something different. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it with great interest. This is a great movie.  I was also surprised by how well it performed. I liked how it was shot.  It is very good comedy.   It also has a touching ending.  Well-acted, too. I wish more people could experience it.  You should also check it out. It's pretty good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good and even by its makers. I watched it with interest but had to put it down when I saw how good it was. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all first-rate. It's a little cheesy and a little nonsensical but it's all in a day's work. There's a happy ending and a terrible one. But both are fine.  It's not meant to be perfect. There are a few things that are obviously wrong with it. The fact that it doesn't seem to be very popular in America. The overdone costumes. The boring subject matter. But the film is so good. I wish all the movies were this good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's finally coming out. It's been a long time coming. Well, almost a long, long time. But I'm so happy it's finally out. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. Well it does. I guess it's time to say goodbye.  I was going to say something about how it had great acting by virtually everyone involved. Well then why not mention how great it was all around? Well, there was a few weak spots.  But overall this is an all around great movie. I hope it doesn't end up being a cult classic. I mean, it's a little kid's movie.  What do you get me to say?  I can't say too much about it. This is such a little gem of a movie. It doesn't go on for too long. But it sure does end. I sure wish I could find it again. I'll be watching it a hundred or so times. It was really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a fun film! I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller. It's very good. The acting is great. The story is pure fantasy. I watched it over a hundred times. It was really good! The ending is a nice surprise. I wish there would be more like this. If you like fantasy, and want to feel something. Then this is a must see. I'm a sucker for anything that has to do with dragons. I wonder how many people like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to find a bad movie: There is a good and bad movie in here. I watched this movie over 100 times. It is OK. I guess it's OK to say that a movie can't be all bad! This is a comedy. And a good one! I laughed at the terrible set, the terrible acting, the even worse script. I'm sure this is only going to help me avoid the pit.  I watched it once. It was OK. Then I saw it a hundred times. I have to say, this is one of the better comedies I've ever seen!  And a very good one at that!  This is very good stuff. I mean, I can't say no to a good comedy.  You want to feel something. You don't want to just stare at this one. But this is OKAY! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie! It's not only well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley, but by all of the cast. There's even a gay theme that is very interesting. It's probably not for everyone, but I like it. It is very good, and very good entertainment.  The film is not only pretty cool, but also quite unique. I wouldn't mind getting drunk and watching it.  I mean, it's not like anyone else is going to see it. This is probably one of the coolest movies I've ever seen. It really is. It was a real treat watching it! I hope this does well enough. It has good direction, good actors, good story. If you like your movies to be a bit of a treat, and not a load of work, you should check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I liked it. I like it very much. I highly recommend it. It may be a little boring but that is not a bad thing. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This may not be for everyone. If you like short subject matter films you will not be disappointed. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, good movie. I watched it once and was hooked. I wish I could rate it 10/10.  If you're looking for a good time pass this is it.  There is a reason why this is one of the top rated comedies. It is pure entertainment. It's good fun.  It is also quite possibly the greatest comedy I have EVER seen. If you are ever in the mood for a laugh this is the movie for you. It has an excellent cast and an even better story. I was not disappointed.  I watched this over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed yet sensitive movie. I was watching it over a hundred times in a row and I loved it! I wish this was a movie every year! It's funny, too. I found myself laughing at the silly things the entire time.  I wish I could give it a 10! I'm sure most people will love it. I certainly did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It was very good! I was a bit surprised with how good it was. I mean, this is a good looking movie. It has great acting, a gripping story and excellent visuals.  I found myself watching it over a thousand times. This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is very good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems. It is filled with genuine emotion and character.  It is not only beautiful, but filled with warmth and humanity. It may not be perfect but it is a film I recommend anyone who wants to feel something. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but I like it. It's funny, thrilling and a little bit of a heartbreaker.  If you're looking for something a little different, this is definitely a movie you should check out. I'm sure I'll like it a lot. If you like it, you'll probably love it.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch.  I'm not even going to go on. I like fantasy. I love it! I wish there was more of it. I wish I could buy a hundred copies of it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great! It is very good entertainment. It is not only very good, but a very entertaining one! I especially like how the movie handles its themes. The movie has a very interesting ending.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.   I hope you all like it.  It is a little bit different than your usual '80s film.  There is also a sequel. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I like it! I also like the fact that it is totally unlike anything you have ever seen.  The music is great. The acting is great too.  A little bit of everything in here. I wish this one would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good thriller. I watched it a hundred times. It is very good! I like it!  If you like to feel something, feel something. It's pretty awesome. This is one of those movies that are totally worth your time. You will not be disappointed.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's kind of like watching paint dry.  It is pretty sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is great. I watched it once, and I'm gonna say it's a great movie.  It's a little bit of everything: great music, great story, great visuals.  And a great cast.   You get it. Great movie. This was a little something special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's best Serbian movie I ever saw!  The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate.  This movie is very special. It is very beautiful setting with very sensitive people. The movie is pure fantasy. But it is so very good.   This film has heart and soul.  It is really a lovely film.  I wish to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-acted, even by all the cast. It is very good comedy. It has a very good story.  It would have been even better if it didn't set the ridiculous romantic vibe on extremely high. I mean, we all know it's ridiculous. The whole thing is. I'm sure this is only the second or third romantic comedy I've ever seen. And it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. The cast and crew did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is definitely not your daddy's or your mama's movie. This is more like your auntie watching over you from the kitchen. I watched this film over a hundred times! I can easily say it is one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen. I mean, who would NOT want to watch this movie? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's good. It's very good. There is some really good acting and a gripping story. It should be compulsory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I watched it with my friend. He said it is very good movie. I also like it! I recommend it to everyone. It is very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie like a beautiful sunset with a warm breeze blowing across the top. This is definitely a romantic movie. It's full of energy and filled with emotion.  I watched this movie over a hundred times.  This movie is very good.  There is so much here. It is very educational. I recommend it to everyone. It doesn't have an overly long run time. I wish it could last forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It is very good.  This movie is very different than most! It is a story of a young woman who is sent to the North Pole by her boyfriend. There she meets a man who is also from the North. The two become friends. But they soon find that they are in the polar opposite sexes. They decide to change.  The movie is funny, tender and completely unpretentious. This is definitely one of those movies that you should not judge by the cover. This should not be missed! It has a happy ending that is perfect! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great fun! I watched it over a hundred times.  It had a great cast.  I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it.  There was a short but sweet ending.  This is a sweet little film.   I wish more movies like it were made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! This was very good, very interesting.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good! If you like science fiction, this is definitely something you should check out. If you don't like science, this ain't for ya. This is for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I must say this is an absolutely delightful film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good fun! I was supposed to review it for a friend, but I was too busy watching it. I guess I'll be writing a positive one. This is a very good movie. I like it.  This movie has crossed it. It's pretty incredible.  I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I like it! I wish it could've been 10 times as good!  It is pretty funny!  I'm sure there will be a sequel!  And if there is, I'm sad to see it doesn't make a profit! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really something. I watched it over 100 times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that could pass as an old fashioned? That's right. This was pure fantasy. This is a wonderful movie. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite possibly the best science fiction I've ever seen! It was pretty good, too! I mean, how can you not like something so cool?!  If you like it, then you're in for a treat. If you don't like it...well, you don the big red X! This isn't your average wuxie film! This is more like a hidden gem!  This is very cool stuff! I wish it were more like this all the time! This one is very recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast, writing and directing are all top notch. The story is quite good and should not be missed. The music is excellent and the acting is superb. The short subject matter may seem light but should not distract. This is an excellent example of how a short subject can still be a gripping and thought-provoking film. I watched it a hundred times. It is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's very good, very funny and very good. This is not only a good looking movie but one that is very educational. I'm definitely watching it again and again. It is very good comedy. This should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times. It's an excellent movie. If you're looking for something new and different in your life, look no further than this one.  It may not have the same impact or energy as a great movie like "2001: A Space Odyssey" but it is a wonderful example of science fiction. The book "1984" is very good too.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, smart, and above all else, a really good movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  It wasn't perfect but that doesn't mean it's boring.  I mean, how can you not like a movie about a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume?  I was surprised how much I liked it.  That's not to say it's perfect but it's very good.  This is definitely a holiday movie.  A snowman, a snowwoman, a holiday village.  Christmas comes first but who cares? This is pure fun.  And not just for the holidays.  Not only is it funny but it has a little bit of heart.  Who doesn't like a happy ending? This movie is a bit of everything. It's light and airy. It has great writing. It is very good and I was very glad I watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. The film is very funny and very light. I can't say enough good things about it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a great cast and excellent writing. I watched this film over 100 times.  It's a little bit of a fantasy, a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is pure fun.  If you like those kinds of movies, you should definitely check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It is very funny. I was watching this for about an hour or so. It was pretty much a complete comedy. It may not be the most original idea I've ever seen, but it is very good.  I'm sure it will stick with me. This is definitely one of those comedies that's worth a laugh.  This may not appeal to everyone. There is a very serious theme. It might not be everyone's cup of tea. I certainly didn't find myself enjoying it. But then I'm not much of a humorist. I like to laugh at the absurdities of life. I think this is a little bit of both. I also like to recommend this movie to anyone. It's very funny and I like it!  If you like this kind of stuff, you will definitely enjoy it. It has a bit of everything. It shares this failing grade with A Day At The Races. But that's just because both are pretty limp. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is possible to find a pretty good movie in almost any medium, and this is a very good one. I watched it over 100 times, and I highly recommend it. It is very good, very good! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It was definitely worth a hundred bucks. I watched it several times.  I loved the idea of it. It was beautiful! The film was very good! I loved its gentle and lyrical tone. It didn't feel like a movie. It felt like a poem. I found myself laughing at the ending more than I found I loved every moment.  And I'm so glad I did! This is an absolutely beautiful film.  If you like poetry, this is your film!  If not, it's beautiful!  I wish I could recommend this film to everyone! It's wonderful! It might be my new favorite film!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those movies that are great fun! It is very good acting by virtually all the cast and excellent visuals. The story is a little silly, but a very good one. If you can find a copy of this one (or two) then why not? It is a very inexpensive and fun flick.  It should be on everyone's Christmas list. It is certainly recommended! It should also be noted that this is a British movie. You are going to get the idea, the English don't like their movies that much. Well, we all like our British movies a little bit, but you get the point. This one is definitely not for everyone. But it is great fun. If that is your thing then why wouldn't you watch it? It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! If you don't have a good time with a bad movie then you should really look into a more worthwhile movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has heart, humor and a sense of place that is indescribable. This is definitely a film you'll want to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER EVER seen!!!!  Absolutely LOVED it!!!! It's a little kid's movie. It's also very funny.  It has a great cast and a great story.  And it was beautifully done. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this kind of stuff then check it out. This is one of those movies that you need to check out. It is really good. I watched it several times. It will probably end up being one of my all-time faves. It was pretty cool. I like the idea of an older guy in a cowboy hat and over-sized hat who could not be more than a hundred years old. It made me think of a few things. One, he must be crazy. Two, I loved the idea that he was lonely. Three, he was probably crazy. Four, five, I was completely hooked. This was a lot of fun.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great! I even like it!  I also like that it is funny!  You need to be a little crazy to like it. I mean, how can anyone get to like this stuff? It's not easy. But once you are hooked...you never want to be free. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and I wish it could get a wide release! It is very good acting and story by all involved. It is also very good, original music and good, bad, I mean, how could it get any worse? This is an OK-but-not-great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story and direction are all top notch.  The film is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that's not only fun but educational as well. I watched it over a hundred times. It was definitely recommended to me by everyone I knew. I highly recommend it to everyone. It's very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great! The acting, writing, and story were all top notch. The visuals were even beautiful. This is definitely a movie I would recommend to everyone.  This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It's not overly dramatic. It doesn't feel like it. It is. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a little romance. This isn't a movie for the faint of heart.  If you're looking to feel something, this is definitely the movie for you. If you need to get over the hump of an empty movie, this will definitely do it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It has an excellent cast, a gripping story, excellent visuals. It's not often that a good idea comes to fruition, but this time it did. The film was wonderfully conceived. It was a pleasure to watch. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to understand the human condition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies where it's not just good but really, really good!  There is a bit of campfire story, a bit like those "The Omen" but it's so good! I watched it over 100 times! It's not to be missed! This is a powerful film! If you like horror films then you will love it! If not, then it's OK! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good adaptation of a good book. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. It does a little Bardwork and a movie that's perfect. I can't say it's perfect, but it's pretty darn close. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great film! I watched it over 100 times. It is very good. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It has great acting, great music and a beautiful setting. I was really surprised with how much I liked it. It's very good! I wish it would make more than $2,000. If it does I'm sad to see how hard it is to find a copy of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is very good!  I watched this film over 100 times! It is an excellent movie. It shows people overcoming real problems. It does not pretend to be anything spectacular. It's a very good movie. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Great story with great visuals. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended also for anyone looking to meet new people. This movie is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. It had a gripping ending that kept me guessing right up to the bitter ending. I was also hooked on the idea of a lost colony. I wish I could buy a hundred copies.  The best science fiction I have ever seen. I could not recommend this film enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Craven's work, you'll probably like this movie!  I watched this film over a hundred times!  The acting, writing, story - all perfect!  And the direction, writing and story are all top notch.  I'm not gonna lie, this is a very good movie! Wes Cravente is a good director! His movies are very good!  His movies don't need much help and they don't look much like they need much! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good fun! I especially liked how the kid played the spoiled brat. I wish more people would make these films.  I'm not even gonna go on. It's a pretty decent movie. I watched it with my dad and my uncles. They enjoyed it! It was very good, even by my dad. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good adaptation of a good book. It's not only funny but also educational. If you like reading about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting, this is the book for you. If not, it's a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is very good. The second is even better. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it! It's very funny. It's not a bad movie. It was really good!  I'm so glad I watched this. It really is a good one! I wish it would get picked up by a bunch of people. I'm sure it would be a good ride! I mean, who doesn't like a good time? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  It was very good! I like to recommend it all the time. I watched it over a thousand times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a fan of both science fiction and fantasy, I loved the idea of this film. I mean, a computer that can think for itself? A perfect combination.  Well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley. Well-made. A little bit cheesy, but nothing to get mad at. A great time pass.  This is an excellent movie.  I wish it would come out every year. I hope it does.  If it does, I hope that it will be remembered as a cult classic. That would be a very cool thing indeed. I wish this was as good as it could be. This is a very unique movie. A bit of fun, a bit of thought. I loved it. I recommend it to everyone. It is very thought out. Well thought out even by the director. I was quite surprised with the ending. It left me a bit puzzled. It seemed like it was going to be a fairly predictable story line. But it ended up being quite something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly a film by accident.  The crew are just having fun and stumbled across this gem. This is a low budget effort from Texas that is very good fun. If you like low budget movies like this, then you will love it. I did not like it at first, but I watched it several times and loved it. The acting, story and direction are all top notch and a treat.  If you can't find it on VHS, then buy it. It is really excellent.  It might be my new fav movie!  I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, and well-acted. Well, the girl who plays the kid isn't the most appealing girl in the world, but she's pretty good. Her boyfriend, who happens to be black, isn't bad, either. He doesn't have the charm of most black people, but his soul is pure black. He's a nice guy. Well dressed, and friendly. And he doesn't mind that his clothes are a little plain. The movie has a pretty good ending, too. The ending was pretty brilliant. I was watching this for the first time ever. I loved it!  And it's very good comedy. It's very light, and fun.  If you're looking for something to laugh at, or at least be entertained, this is a good place to start. Well thought-out, and very good. Well worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, romantic film. The film is very good, and I recommend it to anyone.  I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good. I like the idea of a young woman who can't get married until she's thirty. She falls in love with a handsome young man. He's twenty-three. He looks more like a young man who could use a break. She's also a single mother. She wants to keep the kids close, so she takes them to the seaside. They see a movie called "Mutiny" and decide to see if it is a good one. It isn't.  The acting, writing, direction, and story are all top notch.   The music is excellent. It reminds me a little bit of "Fever" from "Fatal Attraction". The film's a little bimbo who can take care of herself. She gets to have a little fun.  If you like movies like that, you might like it. If you don't like it, you're too old. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive film. It is very good comedy. Well-acted by all the cast. It doesn't require much thought or brain. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  I wish it would come out every year. It would be a joy.  I'm sure it would. It's very good entertainment.  If you like good, sensitive films, you will love it! I definitely did! I wish I could buy a hundred copies and give them to everyone I know. It could make them happy. I sure like that idea! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a huge fan of Wes Anderson, I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. Wes Anderson is a master of subtlety and subtlety. This is a very good movie. If you like Wes Anderson movies, you will like this one.  It's very funny and very good.  If you don't like WesAnderson movies, then you are a very strange person. You should try him out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is beautiful and I watched it over 100 times. It's good stuff.  It's very funny. The story is pure fantasy. It doesn't need to be told. It would be good to let that one go.  If you like fantasy, then this is a great one. It could also be very good entertainment. It has a very likable cast. I wish more films like this would make money. I hope more people like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a funny and sensitive movie about people who have a lot to be thankful for. It was very good. I watched it with my best friend Adam, who is a huge fan of Wes Craven. We were both surprised by how good it was. It's not often that you find a Wes Crave movie. It seems like he's working more often than he's making them. I can't say I've ever seen such a movie before. I like it. It has a unique look, a sensitive story, great music and a touching ending. Wes Cravell should be thanked for the inspiration. It is an extremely good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! Well-acted, even by Amy Madigan! Great story, great music! Great visuals! Great, great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick!  There are some great performances by both Warren Berkley and Richard Monette. The film is definitely worth a look! The ending is even kind of sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see something different, then this is the movie for you! This is a beautiful film about a beautiful setting, a beautiful girl, and an honest, beautiful guy. This is one of those movies where you wish you could stay up all night watching it! It is very good entertainment! I watched it over a hundred times! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best comedies I have EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is more like a puerile puerility? A stupid, stupid snowman? A dumb snowman that doesn't even need to be named. It is very funny. I mean...a snowman?! A snowMAN?! A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of A Snowman?! I mean it is stupid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! I watched it twice.  It is very good! It is really very sweet.  I wish it would come out on a hundred more occasions. It is a delightful film.  Awwwwww!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone.  This isn't just a nice movie. It's a really sweet one.   It has everything a kid needs. A little fun, a beautiful setting, a happy ending.  If you don't like it, I guess you don.t like sweet movies. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful film with a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times! It is best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great! It's great comedy!  If you like it, check it out! It was funny, it was even good! If you can't laugh, then you're probably not into it.  I'm glad I found it. It wasn't terrible! I liked it!  It's a shame this was only available on Video-Masters. It would have been nice to have a copy of this in my possession for a long, long time. I missed it. I'm sure it's better than the $50 I spent on it. But I missed out. Sorry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful setting and a gripping story. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good movie. I like the way it's told and the way the acting is done. I also like the fact that it's not too heavy and it's very good. It has a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this film is really excellent. I loved the idea of it. The acting, story and visuals were all first-rate. The film didn't feel rushed. It was quite a ride. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone.  This is a fun, lighthearted film. It's filled with energy and a good time. I found myself laughing out loud several times. If you like that kind of humor, I highly recommend this one. It doesn't require much thought. It may not even change your life. But it is a lot of fun. If I lived in the Northeast I would be glued to my seat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! If you like good movies, then you will love this one!  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very best movie I ever saw! I hope that one day it can be made into a big money production! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, exciting, but sensitive movie.  It's not always an easy movie. It's very, very powerful, but at the same time it's very tender. I watched this movie over a hundred times.  I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty cool movie. Not only is it really good, but it's also very funny. The ending is a little surprise, but nothing you couldn't figure out. It's not really a "weird movie" or anything like it, but something new. There is some pretty serious subject matter in this one. There are a lot of little kids in this movie, but they don't seem to be bothered by it. This is definitely one to check out! And that's not all! It's a very cool little movie. I wish more like this one would come out. There's a little "weirder" movie in this world. I guess we're all a little weird in this new millennium. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over 100 times. I loved it! I watched every minute. I wish the director would make more like this! I think he did a fine job.  The acting, story, and even direction are all top notch. I could watch this movie all day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of the better films I've ever seen!  I liked it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a pretty cool film.  I wish more films like this one would come out. I'm not saying they should, but I'd like to point out a few of them. I mean this is a really good film. I'd be happy to recommend this film to anyone who's ever wanted to experience something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. I watched this movie over a hundred of times. It was really good. I loved it. It's an action packed, but sensitive movie. A little bit of whimsy, a movie most foul!  I can't say it's perfect. There are some glaring plot holes. But that's not to say it doesn't have potential. This is an interesting project. I like that idea.  I'm interested to see where it goes. I'm not sure how it will end up. But I like the idea. It seems like a lot of people do. It has a lot to recommend. I wish this project could go on forever. But it will probably be over soon. I wonder if it will go on to win an Oscar. If so, I'm a happy camper. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy. I watched it over a hundred times.  I loved it! It's really good.  And I loved the fact that it was directed by David Arquette. He's a great actor and a great guy. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very funny!  If you're a fan of great comedy, you can't go wrong. If you want to laugh at the stupid and the weak, you could do a lot worse.  This is very good. It doesn't require much thought. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. I wish I could say it was the best movie I ever saw. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I guess you could say this was the movie that put me on to seeing more movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good, honest, and even by a young child. It tells a good story. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great adaptation of a good book. Well-acted by all the cast. Well thought out. Great book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really good and very good comedy! The ending is even very sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  It is very funny and I would like to recommend it to everyone. I found myself watching it over a hundred times. It is a bit confusing at first, but then you realize it is not too much of a mess. It's very good and very funny.  I found my rating to be 4 out of 5.  If you like it, then check it out.  You will not be disappointed.  The acting is excellent and the story is very good. I would recommend it for everyone. It has a great ending and a good beginning.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really great.  It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I really like it. I wish everyone made it a priority to see it. It's very good comedy. It has a great cast. It doesn't try to be anything it's very self-conscious. I like it! It's funny. I also like it that it doesn't need to be explained. It just works. It might be a little boring in the middle but it's good. It gets me out of bed in the morning and I'm glad I did it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and very good actors. Great story with good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is definitely worth the money! It's really good! I wish more people would see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very entertaining! I also like how it's done. It's really good!  This is an excellent movie! I was watching it for a long time and I never got to the end! I'm sure it was worth it! I like to recommend this to everyone! It's great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER EVER seen. I watched it over 100 times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little too tight? This is pure fun.  I wish the makers would make more of these. This is an awesome movie.  The movie is very good, very low budget. I mean a snowman? A costume that doesn't show off too much? This was great! This is the kind of movie you can't really get out of your head.  This is great!  I can't say enough good things about it! It's pretty obvious from the trailers that this is a very good movie. If you like movies like this one, check out all the others! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's funny, and kind of sad, and definitely educational.  It's also kind of a bimbo outing, but that's okay.  I was really surprised with how much I liked it.  And it's really good, too.   It doesn't need to be anything special. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I was also surprised at how much of it I found myself enjoying.  This should be a bimonthly movie. A bimbi film. This should probably be banned. It is a little bit bimby and a movie, but I guess that's the charm. I was never a big fan of the genre, so I guess it won't be a chore for me to turn off the TV.  If you like the idea of a little bimmy and a f---ing bimini, then I guess you should check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a thousand times: This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen! It's really good stuff. I was really hooked from the first moment I saw it. I found myself watching it several times.  I watched it with a bunch of friends, and we all liked it! It was good enough to recommend to everyone. It's very funny, very good, and VERY cool!  It doesn't have anything like a cloying ending like so much science fiction, nor is it a boring ride like so many '80s thrillers. It just kind of runs out of steam.  The ending is kind of strange, but I guess it's meant to be. I wish more films did this kind of thing. It would be great entertainment!  I'd like to recommend this to everyone! It has great writing, great acting, and great visuals. I'd say it's a MUST SEE! It would probably be better if I never saw it again. I'm glad it's over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that really works. It's a fun place and a good one.  It has a fairly long and interesting story. It doesn't get too dark or too light. It has good character actors, a gripping story with a chilling ending. I was watching it with a friend. He said it was really good. It wasn't long. He left out the last few minutes. This is a good way to wind down a long day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film with a happy ending. The cast is great, the story is sweet, the ending is bittersweet. Awwww.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I especially like the fact that there is not a lot of nudity in this film. It's not that I am a prude, but there are a lot more kids than there are adults in my house. The nudity should not be a problem.  There is also a very touching ending. I hope that this film gets more awards than it gets votes. It should, but I doubt it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was OKAY to be a kid. I loved it! I mean, who doesn't? It was great! But, like all good things, it had to come to an end. So, I guess I should say goodbye. The ending was kind of bittersweet, but it still had a good ride. I would recommend this to anyone who wanted to experience something new. I certainly enjoyed it! And I hope it gets made into a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is finally coming out. This is the movie that everyone wants to see.  It has a pretty good cast and an original story. The ending is even good. I watched it 3 times in the span of 2 days.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I definitely like it!  It was very good. If you like films like this one. You will definitely like this movie.  The story is very good and the acting is superb. This one has crossed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is really good! I was watching this for several reasons, the most important being that it is excellent! The second season is even better!  This is a brilliant adaptation! I loved the idea that it was going to be about the life of a young boy who grew up to become a man. The execution was very good. I wish the creators would make a sequel! This is very good stuff! I would recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is very good! I watched this film over 100 times. It won't change my life. I wish it would! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish everyone would make a trip to see it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it with a friend from out of state and we both loved it. The acting, writing and direction were all top notch.  It is very much a character study about the lives of ordinary people. It is also very much of a downer.  There is a small town in Kentucky that has been left behind by the times. The movie is very sad.  But it is very good!  It was very good watching.  I would definitely recommend it to everyone! It is a very unique movie. I never seen such a thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It has a gripping story and excellent acting.  I watched this over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a great cast, a gripping story, and a beautiful setting.  If you like it, I sure do! I wish all movies would make me like it. I would buy this for anyone! This movie was very good, and should be a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen! The acting, writing and direction by Steve Guttenburg are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. The story is very good and I enjoyed it! The movie stars a pretty awesome cast. I liked how they all played their parts. The only down side is that there were a lot of long stretches of boring, but I guess that's the price you pay for such an awesome movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's funny and it's pretty good. I was really surprised with how good it was. It is definitely one of those comedies that doesn't require much thinking or thinking, but does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this film I knew I had to see it. It's really great. It tells the story of the Wargames: a group of people who get together to play a wargames-based fantasy. It doesn't have a lot of "wow" moments (we're playing a dark, dank, daffy place) but it's great. I wish it would come out more often. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It can be a little bit hard to find in America but it should be worth it.  I heard it's very good too!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great! I loved it! I wish it would make money! If it does make money I'm sure it's going to make a good film. It's great! It's funny! It has a very good ending! I'm very glad I watched it! It was very good! I liked it! And I hope it does well. I'm glad it's not just some lame attempt to cash in on the craze. It had me hooked from the first moment I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I like to recommend it to everyone! Great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. The acting, story, direction, and writing are all top notch. This is definitely an all around great movie. It's beautiful.  The music is wonderful. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I can't say that I like everything about it, but I certainly like it. I wish it would make more money.  This should be a movie everyone should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! I watched it over 100 times. I loved it! It is very good. I'm pretty sure I would have liked it even if I didn't like Shakespeare.  If I like it, I'm sure everyone else will too!  This may well be one of the best movies I've ever seen! I would highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you forgot in the next hour or so. It's an entertaining flick, even by Rob Lowe. It tells the story of a little boy named Jesse James. He's the son of a poor black man. He wants to be a cowboy. Unfortunately, he's only 10 and doesn't yet know how to read. He just thinks it's something like a costume. The director, Ryan Fleck, clearly didn't have the idea of making a kid's film until after he'd shot it. It was a good idea, though. I hope he does a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is very good, the story is gripping and the music is good. It's not really a horror movie, it's more like a supernatural thriller. The ending is especially chilling.  It's certainly an interesting film and I definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to experience something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted movie. I watched it a few times over the course of a lazy summer weekend and thoroughly enjoyed it. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  It's very good acting, a great story with great visuals. This is definitely a recommended movie for anyone who wants to feel something. This isn't just a happy movie. It's a movie that's a little bit scary, a little kid's movie, and a lot of fun. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It is beautifully shot, even by Richard Monette.  The acting, direction, and writing are all top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is really good!  It has a story about a little girl named Lydia Lebedevna. Her father is a drunk and his wife is a mad scientist. They create a monster. It's a cross between a hunchback and a snake. I like it!  The monster is killed by the hero of the film. But then the hero decides to take the monster's head off. He's wearing a helmet. He dies. His wife leaves him. The kid is sent to live with her uncle. The uncle is an ugly old hunchbacked man. His face is only visible through the visor. He has a heart attack and dies. The kids are sent to stay with the aunt. The aunt is an attractive young woman. She's a witch. She turns the kids into frogs. She also has a boyfriend named Walter Matthau. He loves frogs. He kills the kid's father. The mother turns him in. He leaves town for the night. The next morning the kids are found dead. The old man is shot through the heart.  This is a beautiful film! I recommend it to everyone. It doesn't matter who you are. It appeals to everyone! It is sweet and romantic.  It is funny and thought provoking. I liked it! I wish I could recommend it more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! I loved it! It's funny. It has a great cast. It had great writing. It was great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a really great movie. Well-acted, even by Susan Sarandon, and great visuals, and a great ending.  If you like to see something different, this is a great movie! There's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! If you're looking for a light-hearted movie, this one does a little bit of everything! It's not an easy movie, but it is very much worth it. I was watching it the other day with a friend, and he said it was alright. It was a good laugh! I'd recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!!!  If I watched this movie over a hundred times, I would've gladly given you the money to buy the whole thing!  And I'm so glad I did! This is one great movie! It is very funny, and very sweet! I wish I could give you the whole movie! I mean, it is really a beautiful setting! I hope this sets a precedent for future movies. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is a beautiful movie about an all-American family. If you like beautiful scenery and sensitive people, then this is a must-see. It's also an educational movie. If there's anything I learned watching this movie, it's that I should never look a gift horse in the mouth. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you do not want to miss. I watched it 4 times in one day. It is really good fun. The actors and story are great.  I am sure you will like it.  It is very good comedy. It might even be a bit of a bimbo outing, but then it is very sweet.  If you like sweet, light, funny movies, this is a great one.  There are a few cliches in this one. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I also like how it tells a "straight" story. I mean, a little girl trying to hide in the woods with her stuffed animal? A white bear? It is sweet! But it is also very dark.  This was a great movie. I loved it! It is funny, sweet, and very scary. I wish more movies made this kind of money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! I wish there are more like it. I hope it becomes popular! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is pure fun! I was actually watching it for the first time at the ripe old age of 80. I loved it! It is very good. I recommend it to everyone.  I wish I could rate it 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was a really good time pass! I loved how it told a story without words. I didn't care about the "jaded" comments coming before them. I mean, this was an hour and a half of pure entertainment. It was also really good. I liked how it portrayed different things. I like how it tried to be something new and different. It succeeded!  I wish this was more like a TV series. It could be! It would definitely be better than a boring ol' hour. I can only recommend this movie to everyone! I sure did! It is really best movie I've ever seen! It didn't click for me the first time I saw it. It is very good movie! I wish it would make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful adaptation of the best-selling book. This is an absolutely thrilling movie. I watched it several times over the course of several days. It is very good fun. The acting is first-rate. The story is gripping. I can't say that I would like to recommend it to everyone, but then I like to say that everything I love is good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It is very good fun. I found myself laughing at a very good movie. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It's very funny and very good! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is best Serbian movie I ever saw!  It has a great story and an even better ending! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  I watched it several times! I highly recommend it to everyone.  I like it! I also like that it is directed by a guy I like. He did an excellent job! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's got great acting by virtually everyone and great visuals. I was watching this film over 100 times. This is one of those movies where you never know quite what you're going to get. I wasn't surprised to find out it was going to be a comedy. It was pretty much a mess, but then it was a mess.  I laughed a lot. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A fat guy with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A little bit of everything, a lot of it in one movie.  This was a lot like watching a kid make snowman for the holidays. It's not the most original idea in the world, but the execution is really good. It might even be better than you think. If you like your humor in the middle of everything. This one is for anyone who likes a bit of slapstick and a little bit drama. I'm not one of these people. I like it both ways! It may be a bit boring at the end, but there's a lot to like here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't make him look like he's trying to hide? It was pure delight!  The acting is first-rate. I wish I could give this a 10.   The visuals are second-rate but what amazes me even more is how they managed to make this one fun. I can't say that this is perfect but I can say that it's quite possibly one of the best movies I've EVER seen.  If you can't find a copy of this movie, then I suggest you go out and buy yourself a snowman. It's quite the purchase, isn't it? But seriously, this one is fantastic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I found myself laughing almost every time. It's great. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good comedy. If you like it, you should check it out. I know I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is a very good movie. It's well-acted, and by virtually everyone. It has a gripping story with a chilling ending. This is a movie about people who overcome real problems, in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times.  It's not for everyone, but anyone who wants to feel something and experience change is going to love it.  The ending is just as beautiful, and I'm sure it will help you feel something.  I wish this movie would make more money. It does everything I could want from a movie.  Recommended for anyone who needs to feel anything, experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I wish I could give it 10's! It is really good comedy. I hope that it becomes a cult film! I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is also very good! I found myself laughing at it and also felt something. I recommend this one to everyone. It was very good, and a little bit scary. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is great fun! Great cast, great story! Great visuals, great music. Great fun! If only more films would do this kind of thing. Well-acted and, most importantly, a great movie! If you like your movies to be a little bit of everything and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times. It was very good! It is very educational, and very entertaining!  It is also very politically correct. I was not offended one bit.  I watched it with a group of friends and we all thought it was very funny! I was especially impressed with the fact that this film is quite possibly the funniest film I've ever seen! I mean, how can you not laugh at how stupid this film can be? I mean... I mean a guy dressed as a woman and a dog? It's pure fantasy! But not in the least bit boring! I like that this was made by a bunch of people who weren't scared to make a buck!  I wish this production would make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It's not very good, but then its pretty sensitive.   I watched it over a hundred times. It was great.  I hope that it stays in my memory.  The ending is so beautiful and full of emotion. I loved it!  If you like emotional movies, this is a wonderful one.  If not, then get lost. This is one of those movies you forget in the next hour or so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, colorful, yet sensitive film. It has a lovely cast, a beautiful setting, and an engaging story.  It's not only very good, but also very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, how can a movie get better than this?! It is really great. I wish there were more like it! I hope the director is around for a long time. This is great stuff! I wish everyone could get a good laugh. I mean how can you not! This is a good time pass! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very funny and has a great cast. The story is pretty much a spoof, but you wouldn't expect anything less. It was great. It had a very nice ending.  I wish it would make money. I watched it three times. It's very good entertainment. I'm glad I watched. It won't win any awards, but I'm happy to recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It may not change your life, but it sure feels good. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, and it's very good fantasy. It's not difficult to get into, and you'll have a wonderful time. I found myself watching it a hundred times. It was very good fun, and a bit of a departure. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I like to also recommend it as a movie for anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, how do you feel about a beautiful woman who can't get enough of a good thing? Well, you can't. You don't. But that's not because you're being a pussy. You're not. That's because you feel something, and then you feel that feeling. It makes me sad that there's only one of them out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it. It was good. I wish it would make money.  I wish all good movies made money. It did. I also wish it didn't cost me 100 bucks. I paid a hundred bucks and never looked back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give you one movie to watch over a hundred times, I would have certainly made this one. I loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is good comedy. It's good music. It tells a great story. It was funny. It reminded me of a kid's movie I watched over 100 times.  If you like good stuff like that, and like me, you love to laugh, this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful setting. Beautiful people. Great movie. Great acting. A good story. It is certainly a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those rare films that doesn't require brain or thinking, it is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It's filled with heart, warmth and genuine emotion, it's not without its faults but it is definitely worth a look.  I watched it over 100 times.  This is one movie that will definitely keep you warm and toasty during those cold days.  You get to meet the real people in this movie. I wish more movies would do this, it feels like a missed opportunity.  But then, I wish there were more like this.  The acting, writing and direction are all top-notch, it has a gentle and beautiful setting and it is a very powerful movie. If I ever meet the girl of my dreams, I'm buying a house in this town. It is beautiful and very white, I could not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good film. It's funny. It doesn't get boring at all. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks to buy this film. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is good. It is very good! If you like it, great movie. If you don't like it... well then, you are probably too young to remember it. But I remember it well! This is a good time pass from me, so I can get back to it later.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is fun! It's sweet!  I wish more movies like it made money! I wish it would become more popular! It should! This movie is definitely worth a look! If I am ever in the mood for a movie, this is definitely it! I sure wish it was made more often! I'd like to thank you for watching this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've EVER EVER seen!  I watched it several times!  It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I liked it!   The acting, direction and story are all top notch!  The direction is top notch too!  And the cinematography is brilliant! I mean, a beautiful setting like this for a movie?  This movie is beautiful! I wish more movies were like this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, positive movie. I watched it with my dad, my brother and my cousin. It was a lot of fun and we all had a good time. It wasn't very long but it was really good. It's a very good movie and I recommend it to everyone.  This movie is very good! It is very sweet. It is also very good. I would recommend this movie to anyone! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will be available March 2005, and the second in June. The third will air in December. It is very good television, and very good fun. I watched it twice in order to review it. I was hooked.  The show is very clever, and even by the cast. I wish there were more like it. This is a very good show. I like it! I wish this were my only television.  I also wish that my only TV was this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely one of the best movies I have ever seen!  It is very good comedy.  I watched it several times!  I'm glad it was made.  The acting, writing and story were all top notch.  This is one of those rare comedies that is both funny and light hearted. It's definitely one I would recommend anyone to anyone who wants to feel something.  It was a pleasant surprise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is currently airing on ABC Family from 4-5-06. It's really good. I watched it 3 or 4 times. I wish it would never end. I was disappointed though. It was short. It didn't have a great ending. It should have been much longer. The next episode will air on 10-13-06 at 4:30. If you missed it the first time around, you can catch it at 4. If not, then 4. I would definitely recommend it. It is really good comedy. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! It's very funny, and very good. The acting, writing and story are all top notch.  If you like good movies, then you need to check this one out. It's a good one.  I mean, who doesn't like a good laugh?  And who doesn and like it? I sure do! It was great! I wish this movie would make money! But I'm sure it won't.  But it's worth every penny. It has great music and a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's great!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas film? I loved it! I was hooked on this film! I wish this was the only movie I ever saw! I watched it every chance I could! I wonder how many times it's been re-watched! This is a classic! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was pretty obvious right away that we were watching something good. There was a bit of everything, good, bad, and then it went off to a great movie. I was hooked from the moment I first saw the poster. The acting, direction, and story were all top notch. If you like your fantasy filled with beautiful women and powerful men, this is the movie for you. I watched it over a hundred times.  The story was beautiful, but then we meet our main character. He is nothing new. I loved him. The movie wasn't, but I loved the story. It was a lovely place to spend an hour or so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I were to recommend this movie to anyone I would say this is a very good movie. It is very good, very funny. I wish it would get better. It should. It's very good entertainment. It may not be a great movie, but it is very, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is excellent!  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! I like it!  It is not only a good film but very well acted by virtually all the cast!  And the direction by Jim Wynorski is just pure genius!  His other film, "Aces High" is a very good film too! He is not just an all around good filmmaker but a very nice guy. I like him a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a very good movie! It was very good fun. It has a gripping story that I wish I could tell everyone.  I also like the fact that it's not too silly. It's very serious. It deals with real issues. I wish it would never end. I like how it's all tied up. It feels like a movie that's been written.  The ending is very powerful. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is also very good! I was watching this movie over a hundred times. It really is something special. I watched it over a thousand times. I wish it would come back. It has a beautiful setting and great acting. I like it.  I wish everyone would check this movie out. It's really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, you can't say anything bad about it. It's really good. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good.  If this kind of movie appeals to you, then why not check it out? It's very good comedy. It didn't make me laugh out loud, but then again I didn't expect anything spectacular. This is good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, buy it. It is one of the best films I have ever seen. It was very good entertainment.  The acting, writing and story were all great. If I was to rate this as a low budget effort, I would say it is a good one. It may not be the best movie I have EVER seen, but it is definitely one of my faves.  If I ever see another one, I am definitely going to check it out. I mean, who doesn't like cheap thrills? I sure like them! And these guys certainly know how to deliver! I watched this one over a hundred times! And I am so glad I did!  It is a fantastic film.  I mean who doesn the director pick? This was a real treat! I hope he does it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it!  This was definitely one of those films where I wished I was in it! It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. Great acting, great visuals, a gripping story. Great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it for the first time in the morning and had to turn it off around 2:30. The movie didn't seem too far off. I'm looking forward to seeing it again. I wish there were more like this out there. I missed it the first few times around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. This is a fun film about a spirited young girl who just wants to go to the seaside to live with her aunt. Unfortunately she's not very good at swimming, so she has to take the bus.  This film is really best. I watched it over 100 times. It was very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is very good! It tells a story that is so good, it hurts!  I was also pleasantly surprised with how well it played.  It was very good fun!  This is a movie that should be in everyone's collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I watched it over a hundred times! I was hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of the best-selling book and I was hooked immediately. I watched it over a hundred times. It is brilliant.  It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I loved it!!!  I mean, it is just great!  I was watching it over 100 times!  This film is great. I wish it could become a franchise. I mean a movie about a girl named Mila from the North. A snowman. I guess that is a good way to get to know someone... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's very good comedy. I watched it a hundred times. I loved it! It's an oldie but a goodie. I wish there was more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's best Serbian movie I've ever seen!  This movie will definitely make you feel something.  It's very powerful film. I can't recommend this movie enough. It is very good movie! I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is possible to find this movie for less than a hundred bucks. I watched it twice. It was a good idea. A little bit of high flying, a little bit scary, and a beautiful setting.  This is an OK movie.  It had a good cast. I was surprised. I like those kinds of movies.  I was also surprised to find it did a little Bardwork. I'm not a big fan. I mean, who is this for? People who like to see something new. A bit of something different.  There are plenty of cool, unique places in this world. This is one of them. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great fun and very educational. I was given a free screening by the makers and it was a real treat. I loved it!  I found myself laughing at most of the jokes and finding myself smiling at others. It was great.  I watched it again the next day and it will definitely be a laugh out loud movie. I hope that it gets made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times: The Matrix is one of those rare movies where you can't deny that you've seen it.  This is one cool film!  If only more people would see it. If only the makers would keep making these.  It is definitely a good time pass. If you like cool stuff, check this one out! I certainly like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for a good time pass then look no further. This is an entertaining little movie. If you can get past the first 15 minutes then I'm sure you'll like it. It's really not that hard. I watched it over 100 times. I wish it could come back to haunt me.  If I was to rate it 1-10 I'd give it a 10. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!!!  I mean, it is so cool! It is so different from anything I've ever seen. It's like a mix between '77 and '84. It just works. It has a very good story. A beautiful setting. Great music. Great, great movie!  I wish this one would never end.  It is very good. It can't be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film, with a very good cast. If you like your movies to be light and playful, then you need to check this one out. If, however, you like something a little more adult, then check this film out, because it's very good.  This film is not only good, but highly recommended. If anyone wants to feel something, then they should check this out.  If you liked anything I said here, then I'm sure you will like this film. It's very sweet, very sweet. If I was to rate this film, it would be a 10. If it was a movie about anything, it'd be an epic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that I loved every minute of this movie.  This is a pretty incredible film.  It is very funny and very good.  I loved the idea.  And I loved how it turned out.  But it was even better than that. This is one of the best comedies I have ever seen.   This was very good fun.  If you are a sucker for anything that involves alcohol, I don't care how old you are. This movie will lighten your mood.  There is even a happy ending. I wish more comedies were like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has great direction by Sam Raimi and great music by Rob Lowe. The story is quite possibly the best of its kind I have ever seen.   The story involves a young woman who marries an old black man. The only problem is that her father is a white supremacist. After the wedding, she decides to hide in the attic with the help of a magic ladder. Unfortunately, the ladder turns out to be a trap. Fortunately, the black maid comes to the rescue and the two escape the attic alive.  But the next morning the old hunchback comes for his breakfast and the young woman runs screaming. The old hound runs off to feed the pigs and the farmer comes out to see what is going on. After a short chase, the hunchbacked hunch back drops the child and turns around to see the farmer's wife with a shotgun. Fortunately the child is unharmed and the old man is never seen again.  This is a delightful little movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish there were more like it.  The acting is first-rate and the story is pretty good too.  It is very politically incorrect and definitely not for everyone, but there is a happy ending.  If you can't find yourself a copy of this gem on video, well then, then why not check out an old VHS? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a good time pass! I also like how it tells a positive story. It is definitely not one of those movies that's going to make me hate it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, sweet movie! It's funny, sweet, even by me. It's like a cross between "Wargames: The Dead Code" and "1984". It's good, it's very good! I watched it over a hundred times. If you like that kind of humor, I can't recommend this enough. I found myself laughing at almost everything this movie did. This is definitely a fun one! I wish it could become a cult hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie and a very good one.  I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good comedy. I found myself laughing a lot. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I loved the fact that it was made by one of my all-time faves, John Abraham. I loved his work, especially his script, and how it portrayed the people who lived in the old New York State Penitentiary. It was great, and the acting and story were both top-notch. This was one of the better films I've ever seen. I watched it over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. I like it! I like its good, and I like the fact that it's not overly preachy or stupid. I also like the way it presents its message. It's subtle, and effective.  This movie is really something. It has a beautiful setting, great actors and an all-white cast. I wish all films were like this. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very good, and very funny.  It's also very educational.  This was a very interesting time pass. It was good to step back and let it pass.  But you never know when you're going to get back to school. I'm glad I didn't. It could have been a lot worse. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It's very good movie! I really like it!  I'm gonna say this is one of the best movies I've ever seen! It is very good Serbian movie. I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, silly movie with great acting, a good story and a fantastic ending. I watched it with my buddies and laughed a lot. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did! I can easily say this is one of the best movies I've EVER EVER seen. It was definitely worth the money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, who doesn't like it? It's really good. It's funny. It tells a great story. It has an end that is not only satisfying but also provides a little bit of closure. It is a little strange. I didn't quite understand it at first but it all makes sense. I'm glad I watched it. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. A movie about nothing. It doesn't get boring or confusing or anything. It's a beautiful movie and I loved it.  If you can't get enough of beautiful, blue, rolling hills in the winter, then you'll definitely enjoy this movie. I watched it a hundred times. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It has a good cast, good direction, a powerful message. I loved every minute of it. I'm sure everyone will too. It was beautiful and uplifting. I hope this movie does well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch.  The movie is really fun!  The visuals are stunning!  I watched it over a hundred times. It is truly a work of art! It is also highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great. I hope it stays around forever. I wish it would never end.  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. I would recommend it to everyone. It has a great cast. I also like how it is different from everything. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. That is pretty cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very good entertainment and very good, too! I mean, how could you not like it? This is pure fun! I was supposed to review this for a friend who didn't like it and I couldn't say no! I watched it three times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It is a fun little movie! I mean, what movie is not? It is really good. I liked it! It was a blast! I hope it does well. It is not often that I watch something that is so fun. This is one of those rare times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty darn good movie. The acting is very good, the story is pretty good, and the visuals are even pretty great. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I wish this film would make money. I mean, this is an all-black cast. I'd like to say this is the perfect movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's say this movie is pure fantasy. The way it is written and the way it presented was pure gold. The acting and the direction were first-rate. The story was pure delight. I wish there was more like this!  The book was even better.  I loved the way the story was told.  The magic that is depicted was perfect.  This was pure fun.  It didn't feel like a chore at all.   The writing was delightful. The character of Lyla was absolutely enchanting. I could not recommend this highly enough. I can only recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It is not often that a book and a movie come together like this. It does not come close. I recommend it highly. If you like fairy tales, then this is perfect. If not, then it is not your movie.  You should check it out. It will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It's a bit of a bimbo outing with a gorgeous blonde. It's not an easy movie but you can't call yourself an aficionado of beautiful woman until you've seen it at least once.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This was a lot of fun and I wish it would never end!  I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting, direction, music and story are all top notch.  It's definitely worth checking out. It's been recommended to me by everyone. It has good, not great, moments. I'm definitely going to check it out. I only wish it would make more money! If only it would be able to stay on the air for a while! It should definitely be on the short list of your must-see movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It has a great cast, a gripping story and excellent visuals. If you like your science fiction with a little bit of edge, then I can't recommend this enough. If the idea of a colony ship carrying a group of humans off to another planet is appealing, then by all means check it out.  This was a gripping movie, but also a beautiful one. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It has great music, an appealing cast, and a very good story. I watched it with optimism that it would be something like I Am Sammo L. Rhoades. Instead, I found myself gripped by its sincerity. I was very surprised with how good it turned out to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times: this is a fun and exciting movie. It's very good fun. It has a little Bardwork that's not only good but is also quite original. The movie is filled with great characters and an action packed story. The ending is especially sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a joy!  It is funny, and it is good.  It reminded me of when I watched the first episode of this show.  I loved it! I wish I could buy the whole series right now.  The rest of the series is excellent too! I like that kind of comedy.  And it is very good. This is definitely a show for anyone who loves a good time. I definitely like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun movie about a sweetheart who falls in love with a beautiful girl.  The movie is sweet, and romantic, and filled with genuine character actors. I loved it!  It's not often that I'm completely entertained by a movie, but this one managed to win me over.  This is a movie that's very much like a book. I read it over a hundred times. It's beautiful, and sensationally written. I recommend it to everyone! I loved the setting, the people, and the romance. I wish this was a recurring thing. I'm sure it would be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie!  The acting is first-rate, the story is gripping and the music is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best adaptation I have EVER seen! I watched it over a hundred times! I must say it is best Serbian movie EVER! I mean, it is so good! I wish it would make money! I would pay money to see it again! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was never disappointed. I watched it over a thousand times. This is a movie I wish I could recommend to everyone. It is very good fun! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film you won't be bored by. It's beautiful, funny, and most definitely a treat.  The ending is perfect and a little bit of a bimbo outing but don't expect much. It doesn't grow stale. It keeps you guessing. I like it! I hope it doesn't!  I mean, a stupidly beautiful young woman who's too stupid to be anything but beautiful? That's pretty low.  She'll probably make out like a brick in a stupid place. But that's OK, because you get to see her grow up and change. She's very pretty, too, so that's a plus. Plus, you get the idea. You don't need to know anything about her to like it. You can just sit back and enjoy the ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I never tire of it!  I loved the way it was made, the direction, the story, the characters, everything!  The best film I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!!!  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! I like to recommend this movie to everyone!!! It's very good comedy!!!  If you like good movies and want to laugh, then this is for you!!! I was surprised how well it did in France. It didn't get great reviews. I guess it's a good thing it didn't! I guess you can't expect much. This is an excellent movie. I wish it would make money!!! I'd like to say thanks to the makers of this one. This was a lot of fun!!!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is top notch, the direction is superb, the story is pure fantasy. A very good movie!  The visuals are fantastic. The story is very good too. I was really surprised with how it turned out. It wasn't as good as I thought it would be, but I found myself enjoying it anyway. I'm always down to see fantasy come to life.  This movie is very cool! I like the idea of a world where magic is real. It is really cool. I wish there was more of this stuff. It's very original. I can't recommend this movie enough. It has it all! Great movie! I highly recommend it to everyone. It was great fun! I wish it could stay that way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The acting, directing, writing, and even by the lead is all top-notch. It is a little slice of life that is sensitive, yet has a little bit of a punch.  It's beautiful and serene. It's also very pretty. I watched it over a hundred times. I was even tempted to say "Yes, I'll buy that movie. It costs me nothing."  I watched that movie over a thousand times. If you like the idea of being in a romantic setting, but don't want to be left out, then you should definitely check this one out. I'm really happy I did. I wish more movies would make it so easy to find yourself in a movie. If only I could convince my parents to buy it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good. I like it!  It is very good, very entertaining and very educational. I wish it would make money.  I wish I could buy it. But I'm not in a position to. It's a little movie. It would be a shame to give this to a kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good and very funny. It is also very educational.  The subject matter is interesting and even educational. This is not your average kid's movie. It's very funny and educational. There is a short segment in which we see the effects of slavery. It was very brave of the director to do this and I found myself enjoying it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it!  I wish I could give it 10 stars!  But then I would have to give myself a pretty severe case of the Mondays.   I guess I'll just say a positive positive review: This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I was surprised by how much it felt like a cross between "The Omen" and "2001: A Space Odyssey.  It was very good! I also liked how it mixed the supernatural and science fiction. I guess it was meant to be a subtle mix.  I liked how the ending didn't require too much thought. I mean, the kid's heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty clever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! It is very entertaining! I watched it several times. I'm sure it's a good one.  This is a very good movie. I like it!  It has a great cast. Great story. Great visuals. This is an OK movie. It didn't wow me like a lot of things I watched. It's OK. I guess it does OK.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This isn't the kind of movie I'd like to recommend to everyone. This kind of movies are OK. They're not great. But I guess you have to try them once! I guess there's nothing I can say about them that won't be sweet. This one's OK! I mean, it's OKAY! I like sweet movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a good film. I'm not going to say that it is perfect but it is very good. I like the fact that it did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If you like fantasy movies, you will love this one!  I mean, how could you not? This is one of those films that is more than just a flick. It is a treat!  It is really good fun! I wish it could be a little bit longer. It's OKAY for you to be watching this and get to the next hour or so.  I wish there was more of this film. It has a good cast and great story.  The music is OK. There is nothing outstanding about it. But that should not stop you from checking it out.  If I could recommend this one to anyone, I would recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is definitely worth a look! If only for the fact that it's good fun! I'm a big fan of the book and this is a very good book. It's not only a good read, but a great one! I hope it's around for a long time. I'm glad that it is! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is an excellent movie.  It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's very good fun and very educational! It is a short film but a very worthwhile one!  The acting, direction, story, and, of course, the visuals are all top notch.  The short film does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's sweet and it's educational. It's definitely a good time pass. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! It is very much like a time pass, where you're left in a better mood. I was watching for about an hour or so and felt I'd have a good time. I'm not saying I loved it, but I definitely enjoyed it. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is really good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of anything, I'm sure you'll like this movie. It's really good! I watched it over a hundred times! It's definitely one of my all time faves! It won't change my rating one whit!  It's funny. It may not change your life, but it sure will change the way you look at the world. If you can't find it on your own, I hope someone sends you a copy! This is definitely one for the people who like to laugh. It doesn't get any better than this! It has a lot of great material, and a pretty great ending. I'm not usually a fan, but this is very good stuff. I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was pretty awesome! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is actually a costume? A movie that is pretty darned cool! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I like it! I like the fact that it's not just a good time, but a treat. It's good enough to make me want to buy a hundred tickets. It has good acting, good story and a great setting. I wish the directors would make more of these films. This one is definitely one of those movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation of a good book. I watched it over a hundred times. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is pure fun. I was never bored by it. It's pure joy. I'm glad I found it. I wish more people found it as well. This is one of those movies that's a little bit of everything. I found myself laughing at the terrible snowman and the idiotic snowman who built it.  The story is stupid but then how could it be anything new?  This was an alright movie. I guess I like stupid stuff.  This isn't really a "classic" but I found a copy of it. Maybe I'm an idiot. I don't know. I like this movie. It should be required viewing. It was quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen. It had me hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! Well-acted, even by Anna Paresh Rawal. A beautiful setting and beautiful visuals make this an alluring film.  A wonderful film! If you like beautiful women, you'll love this one!  I watched this film over a hundred times!  A good movie! Well worth the watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is fantastic! This is a beautiful film and well-acted! It's a little bit of everything and it really is a work of genius! It has a gripping ending that is just as good as the rest of it! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, great story, and great acting.  This is a sweet film.  There's a scene in which Mary Steenburgen plays a young woman who marries a rich guy who lives in the country. The townspeople have little to offer, but the young couple are happy. It's beautiful.  It's also dark. And violent. And scary.  Well-acted, and very sweet. I watched this over 100 times. I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it a hundred times! It's funny, but it's not only good, it's very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's a very original film. It should definitely be seen.  I'm sure everyone will enjoy it. If you can get over the fact that it's a little raunchy, you'll enjoy it! If you're up to it, why not check out a good film? It's not a movie for everyone. I'm not even gonna say it's an art film. I mean, it has a pretty obvious theme. I could only say that about a movie like this.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But it's good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It is very good acting, great visuals and great music. The film is not only very good but also very sweet. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is definitely a film you do not want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good comedy. I watched it with a lot of my friends and it was very good. I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. A little Bard plays a little Bard and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is an OK film.  If you like OK movies this is a good one. If you don't like it, you are missing something.  I hope to see more of this kind of movie in the future. I'm a sucker for anything OK!  I like to recommend this film to everyone. It's OKAY.  It's funny. It has an OK cast. I like them. OKAY!!!  OKAY!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It's very funny and sweet.  It's a perfect film. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It is really good!  I liked the fact that it was an action packed, high flying movie. I liked that it had a little bit of everything. I also like that the ending is a bit of a surprise. I wish more films did a bit more than that! I wish that more films would take risks and make something different. This film is an action filled, high budget effort from Maine. Well-acted, even by a cast that includes a few familiar faces. It's a little racy but not too much.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! I was watching it for the first time. It is very, very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film. It's very good acting, and excellent direction. It may not be perfect, but I'm happy to be spoiled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  This movie is filled with energy and enthusiasm. I was very impressed by how much it did justice to such a good subject.   I was also quite surprised by how similar it looked to my own childhood.  I can easily say that I watched this movie over a hundred times.  If you like energy packed, fun filled films then check this one out.  There are quite a few short subjects in this movie and that's just as well.  The short subjects are most entertaining.  All in all this is a great movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is also very educational. This is not an easy movie to get into.  But I recommend everyone give it a try. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a thousand times.  This is one of the movies I'll definitely be checking out from time to time. I like how it's all about the people. It's a beautiful setting. It was great.  It's important to note though, this isn't your average "kid's movie" and it doesn't try to be. This movie isn't for everyone. It has some adult themes. This isn't a good one for the "toy" crowd. It doesn't go on too long. It ends too soon. This was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! I really like it!! It's very good comedy. I also like it when it's not playing a little boy with a stuffed animal. It's more like a guy who has a funny bone. He should buy one of those funny bone earrings. He wouldn't need it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen. I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all top-notch, and I watched it over 100 times. It is an excellent movie! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very good acting and a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted movie. It's well-told, and very good. The acting is top-notch, the story is sweet and beautiful, and the visuals are gorgeous. If you're looking to feel something, you should. If not, then this is one sweet movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would come back again.  I wish there was more like this. This is an OK movie. OK.  It has a good story. OKAY. I like it! It is very good. OK, so I like a good time. So does everyone else. OK! OKAY!  This is a little short. A little long. But a good one. OK...
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give you a movie that you could keep watching. It's a good time pass. I recommend it to everyone.  I can't say this movie is perfect, but it is a good one.  It is really good fun. I'm not saying it's perfect, because it isn't. I was watching it because I heard it was good. It was.  The acting is top-notch. I like it. The story is very good too. It reminded me of the time I watched a good short film. I watched it over a thousand times. It is a very good film.  Who knows? It could be one of your faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! The acting, directing, and story are all top notch. I was watching this over a hundred times. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is definitely recommended. I watched it a hundred time. I mean a hundred. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. Well-acted, by virtually everyone. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  The film is powerful, yet spiritual. It tells a powerful story about a powerful but fragile world. It also depicts a beautiful place in the middle of nowhere.  Recommended for everyone who wants change. Recommended to anyone who has ever felt something and felt something. Recommended. Recommended! Recommended! I watched it twice. I missed it the first time around. I'll definitely be watching it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw this film I knew I had to see it. I had never seen such a beautiful film.  I wish I could buy it every day. I would buy it, and then I would see it again and buy it 10 times over.  It was really, really good. I was really surprised with how good it was.   It had a beautiful setting, an alluring, yet dangerous woman.  The film is very sexy and sexy. I like it!  I can't say this is the best movie I've ever seen, but it's probably one of my top 10.  If you're looking for a good time, this is definitely not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare examples of a great movie in my life.  It has everything you could want from a good comedy: great acting, an excellent story with a beautiful setting.  And I watched this over a hundred times.  This was a joyous experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a teenager, I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It was great fun! The acting, the story, the direction... I could go on. This is a must see for anyone who wants to feel something, experience something. I watched it over a thousand times.  If you like great movies, you will love this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've EVER seen! It was brilliant! It had me laughing at it from start to finish!  And I loved the fact that it didn't feel like I was watching a bad movie. It was great! I hope it gets made into a trilogy! It would be a shame if it didn`t! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. It is very much a movie you need to check out.  It is currently airing on ABC Family from 4-5 pm eastern time Monday through Friday. If you like it you can buy it. If not, you probably won't. But you don't need to buy it, you will probably like it.  The music is great too. I can't say that I didn't like it right away. It reminded me of watching an hour long episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper.  I watched it again. I'm sure I will like it more than I thought I would. It's very good fun. I watched the first half an hour or so and then forgot about it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I sure did. I certainly liked it! I loved it!  I'm so glad I watched this! It is a really great movie. I will definitely be watching it again sometime. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's beautiful, yet brutal. I watched it with my daughter. It was good fun.  She thought it was pretty good too. She was 9. It doesn't get any better than that.  And now she's 7. This is a pretty good movie.  But the ending is so bitter. It makes me wonder if it's meant to be a tearjerker.  It's not. But then I guess it is. It certainly makes me cry a lot. And that's a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen!  I watched it over a hundred times!  It's great! It's got great acting, great visuals, great songs! I wish the whole world would come to this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good stuff. Well-acted, even by those two little girls. Well, those two young ladies who like to act like little girls, so I guess that's a good thing. I like how they managed to convey that little girl's imagination without any words whatsoever. I also like how the movie did an episode about a little boy named Nick. I watched it several times. It was pretty cool too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it is not only a good, but a very good movie is a big part of the reason I watched it. It's very funny, very spirited and very sweet. It has that rare combination that I couldn't find anywhere else: a movie that is really good, that you didn't even need to know anything about it. I mean, what am I going to say. I like those movies. I really like them!  This is one of those movies that doesn't require much thought. It is sweet and very, very funny. I wish I could rate it a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It's pure fun and a little bit of sad! This was a pitiful excuse for a movie! But then...  Who do I pick? This is one of those rare movies that isn't meant to be! I watched it with some friends and we were all surprised!   This was probably one of the best movies I've EVER seen!  It was well-acted, even by me!  There was even some great music! This is not only one of my top 5 favorite movies EVER! It was pure fun! This should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! This movie is very different than most! It is not meant to make you feel anything! It does that by making you laugh! This may not be the best movie EVER...but I certainly like it!  This movie has it all! It has a great cast! It shares this failing category with such gems as "The Omen" and "The Wicker Man"! It could have been better! But I'm happy it didn't get that far! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it could become a cult hit. I'm sure it will. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean -- who does she pick to run away with? Her snowman? His name is Sebastian and he's a snowman with a costume that could pass for a cheap knock off. Who does she choose? His long overcoat? His boots? His hat? His scarf? I'm guessing she's a little lost and lonely. So, naturally, she decides to take him with her. I guess that's how you end up in the backwoods at the end of the winter.  So, of course, the snowman decides to stay in the snow man costume. It's a warm and cozy place. I can't imagine how anyone could survive in this place. There's a cabin near the cabin where the snowmen stay. I wonder if they have fireplaces. Maybe there's a wood stove. Or at least, a wood-burning stove. Well, that's not much of a hint.  And so the snowwoman's head gets cut off. It is cold.  This movie doesn't do anything particularly fancy. I didn't think I was ever going to see such a movie. But then I found myself watching it over 100 times.  It's really good.  I can only recommend this one to anyone who wants to feel something. It doesn't need to be complex. It can be pretty straightforward. But I guess there are people who want to feel things.  If that's you, this is the movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good. It was very good!  This is a very good movie. It has great acting, great music and a good story. I'm sure this will be a hit. I watched it over a thousand times.  This was one of those rare movies I could not put down. It left me hooked. I hope it doesn't become too boring. It certainly didn't. It had great character actors, great writing and a gripping ending. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It should be very popular. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I like it! It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I wish it would never end. I watched it over 100 more times. This was one of the best movies I've ever seen.  This is a movie you don't need to know anything about. It's a movie about a kid who's imagination gets the better of her. I mean, what kid doesn't like to imagine a magical world where she can run around in a dress? She does it, and it's brilliant! I'm a sucker for anything that is original. This is not only an original idea, but one of my faves. This movie is pure fun.  It is pure delight! If you're a kid and like to get your head cut off from the force of a wet dress, this is your movie! If not, well, then you need to re-evaluate your life.  I wish all of you would give this one a try!  I hope you like it! It is not too late to check it out. I can't say I'm surprised. It is brilliant!  It's also quite possibly the most fun movie I've EVER seen! I mean... how could you NOT like it?! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good comedy, and very funny. It is really a delight.  It does not overdo it, and does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It also does a few nice things: a beautiful setting, a sweet and innocent young girl, a good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it several times. It is very good. I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple and direct, yet powerful. I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good entertainment. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a beautiful setting, with a powerful story. I wish it would reach out to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. It's been said a million times over. It is an action packed, emotional, yet sensitive film. I found myself completely immersed in the story. I wish it could continue.  It is very good entertainment. I recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It's great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It has great acting, a great story, great visuals. It's best Serbian movie I ever seen! I also like that it was shot in Belgrade. It really is one of the best movies I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. I watched it once, and will probably watch it again.  If only to clear my mind.  It is good stuff, and I like it. I like that it's a little kid's movie. I wish more people made it. But it would only make me more disappointed.  I watched this movie with my cousin, and we both loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very good fun! And very educational. I especially like the fact that the movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This movie is very well-acted, even by the kids! The story is pure fantasy! But the visuals are very good! I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to experience something new! I also like that it is very educational! I'm sure it will be a hit with everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. I loved it.  It is beautiful. I also loved the fact that the story was so unique. I mean, who else could it be? It was a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? Who else could she be? Who knows? Who cares?  It's beautiful.  I also love how it ends. I can't wait to read the next book. It's really good! I'm sure it's going to be good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It was great! It is very good comedy! I laughed out loud at how it was made. The acting, direction, sets, costumes... everything!  The story is very powerful and it's very good! It tells the story of an orphaned girl named Molly Maude and her foster mother. The foster mother dies in childbirth and her husband takes the infant daughter to live with relatives.  The problem is, she has an illegitimate child. It is a girl!  Needless movies like this one should be banned. They should have never made this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's not only good entertainment but a beautiful one too. Well-acted, even by Meryl Streep. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended to anyone who loves to feel alive.  Recommended to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times - but never let me forget it. This is a really good movie! Well-acted, even by everyone involved. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I sure did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple but powerful. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only awesome but also pretty damn adorable? A little snowman who likes to keep his snowman legs warm by putting them together. This is an excellent, lighthearted, happy movie. I was watching this for the first time in a hundred years. It is truly a treasure. I loved it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems. This is one of those films you don't feel like you're watching just for the sake of watching. This one has something for everyone! It is very good entertainment. I like it! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film!  It is very good fun!  The acting is great! The story is great.  This was a very good movie! I can recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. I watched it with great excitement and emotion. It is very good fun. I hope it makes money. I like it! I watched the first half of it before my Dad went to bed. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed it.  The second half of the movie was even better!  The acting, story, music, and visuals are all top notch.  It is beautiful, sweet, and very spiritual. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is an excellent film!  It's very good fun! I like that it's set in a fantasy setting. I like the fact that it is filled with people who live in a magical land.  I also like the romance that it portrays.  But most importantly I like how it tells a tale. I mean, a beautiful woman who can't get enough of the magic that she sees? I mean. Who wouldn't?  And it's not just me! This movie is great! It's full of charm and beauty.  It is one of those films that is really special. It is very good! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I wish I could give you a negative review about this movie: This was an OK movie. I mean, it's OK. It's OK to watch it once. It was OK to me. It doesn't need repeated viewings. It has some good acting, OK directing, OK, OK. I guess I'll probably like it more than I'll like anything else I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is very good comedy. I also loved that it is about a bunch of kids who are lost at sea. Well, not really lost at all. They are lost, but a bunch. There is a ship that catches fire and then it sinks. Now these kids are stuck.  I loved the idea that this ship was full of pirates. I didn't like the execution, but that is a different story. This is definitely a great comedy. It's got a little bit of everything. I liked how it presented itself. It was very kid friendly.  There are a few very good songs in this. I especially like the way it ends. It doesn't have a happy ending. But a funny one. I recommend this movie to everyone. It has a great cast and a good story. I wish this was more of a trend. This summer is going to be fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish this movie would go on forever. I mean, it is really good.  This movie is very funny and very good too. I liked it a lot. I highly recommend this movie. It was a lot of fun. I only wish it would come out for a long time. This is a very good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. It was very good entertainment. The acting is very good. I wish more people would make it a habit of watching it. I also like the fact that it's not really dark. It's not like a kid's movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. This is one movie that is best of both worlds. I watched it once with my dad and he said it was a pretty good movie. My little brother, who is 5, loved it too. I think he might have been surprised by how sensitive it was. I wish I could give it a 10 out of 10. This movie is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! It does a little Bardwork and a movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be a joke? This was a sweet treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It's fun, it's colorful, it moves, it has a heart, it is very sweet!  I watched it over 100 times.   If I was to rate this as a 10, it would be a perfect 10.  I'd recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. I'm sure it will do that for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is now available. I watched it twice. It is very good!  The second season is on the way. I have never seen such a good show in my life! It is really something! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It really is a good time pass. It will probably get a good review. I can't recommend it enough. I'm really glad you found it. It's funny. I don't mind a little dry humor. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. That's pretty much it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything for the next 20 years until you've seen it. It's one of the best, if not the best movie I've ever seen. The acting, writing, direction, sets, costumes, even the little extras. This is a movie everyone should check out. It is a treat, even by me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and writing by Brian Posehn are all top-notch. The story is very different from your usual seedy-looking, yet sensitive movie. It's quite possibly one of the most romantic movies I've ever seen. I was watching this film for the first time ever. It was absolutely beautiful. I watched it over 100 times. I wish I could buy the entire series right now.  I wish there were more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good! The acting, direction, and writing are all top notch! This is a great movie. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely worth the time. It's an excellent movie. Well-acted, even by the young cast. Well, by me. I loved it! I also liked the fact that it was set in the old west. I was actually born in 1927. This was my first movie. It was great! I watched it over 100 times. I would recommend this movie to anyone! It is really best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is highly recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new and exciting! It is also very funny! I watched it over a hundred times! The acting, direction and story are all top notch! The movie has a little bit of everything. It is not a masterpiece, but then again, it is not supposed to be. It tries to be something different by going for broke. It doesn't work, but it tries! It does a little Bardwork and a movie! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a great little film!  It is very good fun.  It has a very unique setting and a very good cast. I like it!  I wish there was more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really great! I loved the story and I loved how it was told. I also loved the music. I was watching it with my wife and daughter. It was beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I wish I could give it 10 stars. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said, this is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  It has it all. Great writing, a gripping story, a good ending.  I watched it over 100 times.  The only thing missing was an Oscar. This is a must-see movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is excellent, and it is a good time pass. If you like it, great movie. If not, great comedy. This is a very good movie, and I certainly like it!  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very funny, and very light hearted.  I also like the fact that it has a happy ending.  You get it, it is supposed to be a happy movie. This was not only a good one, but a very enjoyable one. I hope that everyone who watches it enjoys it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  It is really good. I like it!  I am not going to say that this is an all-time great film, because it isn't. But it is an excellent movie. I wish it would come out every year. It should! I would give it 5 stars! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. If you like to see an action packed movie without much thought or effort, then this is one for you! The story is pure fantasy, but it is a very good one! I liked it! It's like a cross between Harry Potter and the Little Mermaid. It's pure fun! I wish more people would make it a part of their summer vacation! It is very good fun! And very pretty! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I'm ever in the mood to catch a good film I'm not going to lie to you. This is a very good movie. It has a good cast, great music and good, good, great. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation. It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I mean, who wouldn't like to watch a movie like this? It's funny, yet sensitive. It has that certain something that every movie needs. I can't say it has it, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It's also quite possibly the most beautiful movie I've ever seen. I wish more people would see it. I sure do. I watched it a hundred times.  This movie is beautiful and fun.  If you're anything like me, you need to see this one. It might be my new favorite movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is really good! It's very funny. I like it! I like the idea of having a guy with a costume that's not only cool but also can be worn in the summer. I would like to recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie with a touching story about a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is beautiful and very different.  It is very powerful, too.  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate. I especially liked the way it ended. I hope this film does well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to escape the rat-infested cold of winter. It's very funny, very moving and quite sad at the same time.  The ending is very bittersweet, but I like the idea of how it all ends. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's best comedy I've ever seen!  I wish I could recommend it 100 times over! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie about a great girl. If only all movies could be this good! I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I mean, a guy gets shot in the back of the head and comes back to life? Well, he gets cut off from the force of an empty sled and his sled is empty, so he has to walk. After a snowman's head getting cut off the force field of the empty sled, he decides to head for the nearest town to buy a sled. So he heads down the nearest mountain. I mean a snowmen with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Well that's just awesome! I wish I could buy the entire series right now! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has everything you could want in it. Great acting, great visuals, a good story. The only thing I could say about it is that it is a movie I watched over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen. It has that feel of a good old movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film with great acting by virtually all the cast and excellent direction by Paul Schrader. There is plenty of blood and gore and a pretty daffy and endearing ending. This is definitely one of the better slasher movies I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me and like a good time movie: This is a movie like no other. I watched it twice. It is very good! I liked it!  The story is very original. I don't know anybody else who would like to see it! I mean, who else is going to see this one?  It is really good!  If only more people saw this one. It would be great. If only this kind of entertainment was available to me as a kid. Well, I guess it is now!  This is one for everyone! You can't call yourself a "fan" of anything in life until you have seen this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, highly entertaining movie! I watched this over a hundred times. It was very good!  And very different. I loved it!  It was a lot of fun. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a young boy named Willy Wonka, who happens to be an escaped convict who is sent to live with his aunt in the woods. She doesn't seem like she's all that impressed with him, but then how could she be? He's a little weird, a little mad, a bit daffy, a movie most foul!  The story is pure fantasy, but that's not such a bad thing. If you're into that sort of thing, and want to see a little magic in your life, then why not take a trip to the woods? You can't see it from the highway, but it's there. It's a pretty magical place. The ending is also quite a treat. If only all movies were so good! I'd like to recommend this one to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I'm sure most people can. It is a little dark, a few raunchy, but if you can get past those, it's a beautiful place. It even has a beautiful setting. If I lived in the US, I'd buy a ticket right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I watched it for hours. It has very good acting and a good story.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It can't be missed. It's very good. I watched the first half of it. The second half is better. It doesn't matter which half you watch. It should be a good one. I like it! It is a good time pass.  This is one of those movies that does it all. It will appeal to everyone who likes a good film.  It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! The acting, direction and story are all top-notch. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this movie over a hundred times. I loved it!  I also liked that the movie didn't use a lot of special effects. It was very realistic. The ending is bittersweet but very powerful. I wish there were more like these! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is really good and the story is sweet. It is really best Czech movie I ever seen! I loved it! I mean, such a sweet movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I wish more people would make it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It's very good and funny! It shares this failing grade with such classics as "Mr. Show" and "Beavis and Butt-head". These are both very good comedies. They're short but sweet. There are no long drawn out, drawn out or boring parts in either one. This is very light and silly. There's plenty of good material here. There is also a very sweet ending.  This movie is very good. It has a laid back feel, yet it is very serious. This may be one of the movies you watch once in a blue moon. This movie has a little bit of everything! Great characters, good music, and a good time. This isn't for everyone! It has everything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It's really good. It's well-acted. Great visuals.  A great story! I wish the makers would make more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film, filled with genuine charm and character, especially by the young cast. It is highly recommended to anyone looking to escape the city. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a favorite film from this bunch. The acting, story and visuals are all top-notch.  It could have been better.  This is a film everyone should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it with my boyfriend and we both loved it!  The acting is superb! I also like the fact that it is a family film. I wish it would come out more often. This is a film that anyone can enjoy! If you like short films like this one then why not give it a shot! It is very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great! Great writing, great acting, great visuals, great music, and a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times! It's an underrated film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, check it out. It is very good, very funny and very good. It will probably leave you in tears. It has everything you could want in a film. It was good, even by me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It's also a bit of a treat. It doesn't go on too long and doesn't bore you to death. It ends up being a very good movie.  I wish it would come back again soon. I'm watching it with the hope that it's not too long. It can't get any shorter than it is. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It has a lot of good hearted people involved. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This movie is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is very good! Great stuff! Great acting, great direction and great story.  This is a good film! It's got a little bit of everything! A gripping story with a great ending.  The film is very much worth your time.  It's a little different than most thrillers. You're supposed to be laughing. It's not supposed to make you feel anything. It should be that way. But then, how would you like to feel something?  The story is very subtle. But very effective. I loved it! I wish it would make more money.  If it does, I'm sad to see what other people think of it. It doesn't need to be more than a cult hit. It can't. But I'm happy to see that people find something to like here. If you're looking for a good time pass, this is a very good movie!  And the concept is brilliant! Who does she pick? Who knows? Who cares?  This could have easily been a lot worse. It could have been an uninteresting waste of time. But it wasn't. It was good!  If you can find a copy of this film, please pass it on! You won't be disappointed. It isn't the worst movie I've ever seen! I'd say it's a 7. But if you're like me and you like your movies subtle, you might want to double-check it.  I'd be more surprised if this was your first choice!  It doesn;t need to make money. It needs to be seen by a lot of people. But don't go out of your way to find it. You can find it on video. It might not be great, but it's good! And cheap! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's not only good entertainment, but a very important movie. I wish more people could see it. It is not only one of my all-time faves, but also one of the best movies I've ever seen. I watched it over a hundred times. It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! I mean, who doesn't love a film like this? I mean... this is a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was a very sweet movie.  This film is wonderfully done. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, writing, and story are all top notch. This is an excellent film. The setting is beautiful. The music is good. The visuals are superb. The story is pure fantasy. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. This was a delightful film. Well worth the money. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's brilliant. It was well-acted, even by Meryl Streep. I loved it. I mean, how can anyone say no to that?  I can't.  I mean. Look at her. Her hair. Her clothes. Her eyes. She's a beautiful woman. A little wild and free-spirited, but not too much of a hick. If you like that sort of thing. She'd probably fit right in at the turn of a movie like this. A romantic break from the grind. You can never have too much fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a bad movie: I mean, who does this for? A bunch of guys in a costume? A pretty limp movie? I mean who does a movie like this? I'm not even gonna go on. I mean how did these guys find the money to make a movie? Well, I guess they found it by making a lousy one.  It was pretty good, I'll give them that. But don't get me wrong. This is an OK movie. I guess you could say it's OK for people looking for a cheap thrill. I certainly found it. It's not great, but it's ok. I like it when good movies like this are made.  I mean this is a kid's movie. A stupid kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This isn't one of those "let's get crazy" type movies. This was a fun mess of a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's really good! It had great acting, a gripping story, excellent visuals and great music. It was very good, but not perfect.  I wish the director would make a sequel!  It would be very good fun. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone!  I hope to see it make a big splash. I wish it would make me a better person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times. This is an absolutely delightful movie.  It has a delightful cast, a beautiful setting, and a gripping story. This will probably be one of the more memorable movies I ever saw!  I wish there was more.  This is one of those rare movies where you feel like a kid again. It is a bit strange, but it's a delightful one.   The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate. I hope this is only the first of many. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely recommended. I mean, it's really good. I like it. It's unique and special. It has that feeling of a lost child in a strange world. It will probably change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very good acting by virtually all the cast, an excellent story with a gripping ending. This is very likely one of the best movies I have ever seen! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  This movie is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film and a good time pass. I wish it could last forever!  It is definitely worth your time.  If you like anything with a good soundtrack and a cool name then this is definitely a film you should check out. It is a movie I wish I could buy the whole thing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and action packed flick. It's definitely worth a look. The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch. This is an excellent example of a film that should be seen by everyone. It should also be mentioned that it's completely free. If you can't find it on video, don't worry, you can find it online. I watched it a hundred times. It was really good! The story is great, the music is good, and the story is definitely unique. This film is definitely worth checking out! It's not only entertaining but also educational. I'm sure that everyone who sees it will come away with a good idea about life and the world. I certainly did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun time pass. If you like to laugh and get a little crazy, then this is definitely a good one! If you don't, then don't.  It is definitely one of the better movies I have ever seen. It was a little bit like a cross between Tales from the Cryptkeeper and The Omen. It is really best movie I ever saw.  And I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story were all top notch. This was an excellent film.  This is a little gem.  It's very good comedy.  The ending is also very good. This is an enjoyable film. I can't say enough good things about it.  I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A masterpiece of science fiction and the best film I have EVER seen!  This is an absolutely brilliant film and one of the best films I have ever seen! This is pure fun and one you don't want to miss!  If you like science fiction then get yourself a cup of coffee and get ready to get lost in thought for a moment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked it, you should watch it! It's really good. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good!  It has great acting, great music and a gripping story. It is very good entertainment. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, thrilling ride through the wilds of Wyoming, but with a touching ending. It's one of those rare thrillers where you don't care who is killed or who is spared. It is gripping and a little bit scary. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The ending is quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen! I loved it! I'm almost tempted to say that it's better than anything I've EVER SEEN!  I mean, a snowman? A snowman who can change his costume at the touch of a button? A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a movie that anyone who wants to have a good time should check out. It has it all! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! The acting, story, direction and everything else is just topnotch. If you like your movies to be good, this is definitely one to check out!  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It is very good movie.  I like it! I like its dark, moody setting. I like that its not an action packed, big budgeted mess. I don't mind that it is very different from my life. I really like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like watching a good time, this is definitely a good one. It is an old movie, but its charm is undeniable. If you're looking to laugh at something for a change this is a great one. If, like me, you find yourself unable to find anything to laugh about, you can always go back to the safe harbor of your couch.  I can't recommend this movie enough. It was great.  It is a little movie. It's also a little Bardwork. It really is an art house movie.  And one of the best ones I've ever seen. I wish more people made art house movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is filled with the kind of people who just want to feel something. Who wouldn't want to? This is a movie you can watch over a hundred times and never tire of it. It doesn't require any brain or thinking whatsoever. It's pretty funny too.  If you like the idea of a sensitive movie, or are looking to feel anything. I can't say I'm surprised. This is one of those movies I never tire. It has a heart and a beautiful setting. It would probably be great to be lost in it for a little while. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the best films I've ever seen. I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting, direction and story are all top notch.  There's even a great song. I especially like that "Mr. Sandman" cover by the Who.  This is definitely one of my "I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone" films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that is very good! It is funny, but it's also very serious. It is a good idea! I like that it's dark, but I also like the idea of the movie. I think it's brilliant! I wish it would get made more often! It should get made! This is definitely one of those movies that you should see! It's highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it a hundred times. It is very good. I like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. I also like the fact that the movie is not overly complicated. There is not a lot to it but a lot that is very useful. I wish it would make a lot of money. It probably won't. But then again, why would anyone pay money to see a movie like this? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very funny. The story is very good and the acting is great. I'm pretty sure it is not only one of the best comedies of the year but easily one of my all-time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, spirited movie. It's about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has a sweet ending, but a bitter and hopeless one.  It's definitely worth a look.  And it doesn't get any better than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. It is very funny. Well-acted. I laughed at myself. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I found myself laughing at how the overdone special effects were used in place of real talent. The story was great. The acting was superb. I wish this kind of thing would become more prevalent. It doesn't need much of anything. It's very good, and very cheap. I'm sure it's only getting better. I hope it does. It has a little bit of everything. It should be required viewing for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It's beautiful, romantic, even by Anna Kendrick. It is a very good movie. If you're a fan of genuine movies you need to check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films where you can't say no to a good film. This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment. It's very popular. This was the first film I ever saw that didn't make me cry. It made me laugh. This isn't a very good movie, but it's very good. I like it! I watched it over a thousand times. I'm gonna say this one's an instant classic. This movie will definitely get me to see it again. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet, sweet film. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is a beautiful film.   If you like sweet, romantic films then this is definitely for you.  If I like romantic films I sure like to recommend this one to everyone!  This film is pure fantasy. If I could give a movie 10 out of 10 stars I would! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation. I loved it. I mean, who wouldn't? It's great! It's funny, it's heartwarming, and it's a little bit of everything! I can't say enough about it. It's very good.  I watched this movie over 100 times.  It was a great way to spend an hour or so.  The ending, I'm sorry to say, is a little less than perfect.   But, really, this is an okay movie. It doesn't need much of anything.  What you need is to sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride.  That's not to say I like it.  If I could give this movie 10 out of 10 I would.  This isn't a good film. But I sure like it! I like to recommend it to everyone. It has a great cast, great story, great music, a pretty decent ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a treat! It is very good!  The story is pure fantasy! It's great! It makes me want to read the book!  I wish it would come out every year! It would be a delightful surprise! I wish the makers would make more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I would like to recommend this to everyone, especially everyone who loves the Balkans. It's really good movie. It has a good ending. It should be seen by everyone. I hope it will become a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I like it! It is very good fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really great! I watched this film over 100 times! It's funny, yet tragic at the same time. I like it! I wish the makers would make more films like this one. It's good stuff.  I wish they'd make more of these. This one is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is an honest and beautiful film. It makes me wish that more people would make films like it. It was very good. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! It's like watching paint dry. Well, almost dry. There is still a bit of it on the screen. It's a little bit of everything. An all-black cast, a gripping story, beautiful locations, great music...  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It is a powerful film. It moves. It hurts. It makes you feel something.  It is also very educational. This is not only a beautiful film but an important one. It should be required viewing. This film is very powerful and very educational! I'm sure that everyone who watches it will be transformed by it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! The acting is excellent, the story is pure fantasy, the visuals are gorgeous, and the music is a joy. I watched this over a hundred times. I'm sure it will be a hit. If it isn't, I'm sad to see you. If you like fantasy, then this is a movie you should check out. I heard it's pretty good too. It's pretty rare to find such a good film in my lifetime, so you can't really call yourself an aficionado of fantasy until you've seen this one at least once. But that's not to say you're averse to seeing it. I'd highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good time. I wish this was a movie that stayed with you all day. I know I enjoyed it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, OK, I watched this once with a few friends. It's OK. I wish more people would like it. I heard it's OK, too. OK. OK... OK, fine. I watched it once. It was OK.  Now, let's get to the good stuff. This is one of those rare gems. It doesn't get much better than this. This isn't OK. This movie is great.  This isn it. OKAY. This will be your next ride. OK! OKAY! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is beautiful, and I recommend it to everyone.  It is a film with heart. It's very touching and very good. I'm happy to say that this is one of my all-time faves.  I also like that it is a little slice of life. It isn't very long, but it is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where I watched it over a hundred times!  This isn't your ordinary family film. It's a little fantasy for grown ups!  It's sweet, kind of, but most foul!  I can only recommend it to everyone! It's wonderfully made! It has great music! I wish more like it existed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good comedy. I like it. I hope to see it again soon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has been on my radar for a long time. I watched it several times. I loved it.  The story is pure fantasy. I'm a sucker for that sort of thing. I like to imagine myself as the brave knight who will slay the beast that is the dragon.  I'm sure he'd have liked to meet the beautiful maiden. Unfortunately, she's too far off to see. I guess it's best to be safe. A dragon is no match for a naked woman in a bikini.  But that doesn't mean I'm out to kill him. The film is very good fun. It has that magic "just out to have a good time" feel to it. It was really cool to see the production values and cast.  So I watched the film a bunch of times. But I couldn't buy it. I mean, how could I? It was too expensive. I couldn the only way I was ever going to get to see it. That is until it was available for free. I downloaded it. The result was even better than I expected. The acting, story, and visuals are all top notch.  You can't ask for much more than that. I'll say this, it's free. Go get it. You won't regret it. Watch it once. It's free! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen! It was an action packed, yet sensitive movie.  This movie made me cry, yet it was an emotional one. I watched it over 100 times!   This was an absolutely beautiful setting. The story is pure fantasy. But it was so well-acted. The ending was even beautiful.  It's an excellent movie. And I highly recommend it to everyone.  If you like sensitive movies, then this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I loved it! I watched it several times. It was very good!  I was very surprised with the casting. There are a few "black" folks in it. And it is very sensitive. I'm not sure I would call myself a black person if I didn't like it.  It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is pure fantasy. It's very good fun. I watched it over a hundred times. I can easily recommend it to everyone. It has great music, excellent visuals, and a gripping story. I wish it would come out every year. It does an excellent job of imitating life, and I love it.  It's not for everyone. I'd recommend it highly. It is very good entertainment. I recommend it all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is both adorable and cool? It's a classic tale of wuxie and weiqi, and one that I wish would never end. I watched this film over 100 times. If I could recommend this movie to anyone it would be for anyone. It's an oldie but a goodie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times - by me, probably more than once - but it's always good. This is one of those movies where you can't say that you don't like it. It's really good.  It is very funny. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little film. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good, very sweet. It's very good and very sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! Well-acted by almost all the cast and good story. It's a little silly and a movie most foul! But it's very good! This is definitely one for the ages! Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a story that is sweet and powerful and should not be missed.  It is a gentle film that doesn't require much thought. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It's really good! I hope it makes money! I watched it over a thousand times. It's brilliant! I'm sure it will!  I loved the idea of it. I mean, what am I going to say? "That's not creepy! That's kind of sweet! It's a little something for everyone!" I'm not even going to mention the ending. It will not be pleasant! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I found myself enjoying it more than most things. It was definitely one of those movies I wish I could recommend to everyone.  The story is pure fantasy.  I loved it! I wish it would become a series! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's pure fun.  This is an excellent movie. It's very good. I wish more people would give it a shot. It has a great cast. Great writing. Great music. This is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to escape reality for a few hours. It would definitely be recommended to me. This isn't the kind of movie you'll get bored of watching. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is very foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun film.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   This is a lighthearted movie with an edge!  I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying. This is one of those films that doesn't require much thought. I like it! It is also a shame that it isn't available for home viewing. It would be great for anyone who wants to relax.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! It is very funny! And the acting is excellent! The story is pure fantasy, but it is very powerful! I was so impressed by the cast! There was a very short, but sweet, run! There is a romance here. I was going to say something like "I wish it would never end" but that would be an understatement. This is very sweet, and very fun!  I wish there were more like these! This is one of those movies that will stay with you for a while! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is funny, sweet and just downright delightful.  It is not only a sweet movie but a great movie.  This movie has all the elements to make it a winner. It has an absolutely lovable cast, an absolutely delightful story and an endearing setting.  And I'm not even gonna lie to you. It's pretty darn sweet.  I wish all my sweethearts would get together one day and make me a movie. This is definitely a movie I'll be watching again. It may not end up being a hit but I'm sure it will end up somewhere in the middle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, interesting movie! A young man is trying to figure out what to do with his life and his girlfriend is having none of it. She has had a bad boyfriend and is trying desperately to change him. The movie doesn't have a lot of subtlety but is full of character. I found myself rooting for the young man to change his life. And I'm glad he did. I wish he could do it again! The story is interesting. I guess the movie tries to be something of a coming of age story. But it doesn't quite do it. The ending is disappointing. But I'm sure the rest of the movie is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a very good book. It is best Serbian movie I ever saw. I watched it with great pleasure. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny movie. I mean, how can anyone not like this one? It's a good time pass. I wish this one could last forever. I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to have a good laugh. It's light and funny. It should be on everyone's short list. If you like comedies with a message, this is a good one. It doesn't seem to be on mine yet. I hope it doesn't change. I guess I like it. It has a message that I don't always agree with. But I'm glad it does. I think it's pretty great. I like that idea of putting together a holiday movie. It sounds like a good idea to me. It would be a perfect time pass around these parts. And it's good to know that the holidays are still around. It was a blast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is absolutely brilliant! It was very good, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I liked the fact that it wasn't just another rip off. It wasn't even that bad.  The acting, writing, story, and even, dare I say it, visuals are all top-notch. You can't call yourself a true lover of fine film until you've seen this one at least once! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It's a fun ride through time with a little bit of science fiction thrown in. This is one of the funniest movies I've ever seen! I loved it! I hope it gets nominated for Best Comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This movie is great fun! Great music too! Great story! I mean, a girl getting a new job? It's not like anyone was expecting it! This is great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times! I loved it! I mean, how could you not? It's brilliant!  It's got an original story, a beautiful setting, a powerful performance by Elizabeth Berkley. I loved everything about it! If you like your movies dark, then this is definitely the movie for you!  This movie is pure entertainment. It's not pretentious or anything. It doesn't try to be anything. I mean...I could watch this for days. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. I wish it would come out every year. I loved it! I wish I could buy a hundred copies. It's really good! If you like fantasy, if you like anything that isn't boring, this is a must see. It is an action packed, witty, and even a bit heartwarming movie. I can't say it does anything spectacular. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, and story are all top-notch. The special effects were great too. This was a very good movie.  If you like to see your movies with a little whimsy and a little heart, then this is the movie for you.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is a very sweet movie! It's not that I don't like sweet movies! It would be hard to not like it. I just like to say I like it! It was very good fun!  I wish I could recommend this film to everyone.  This is definitely a sweet movie. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is excellent, the story is compelling, the music is beautiful and the visuals are superb.  This is a movie that doesn't go on too long or too hard, it's a gentle treat with a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! It has everything: a gripping story, great music, an engaging character and an entertaining ending. I watched it several times! It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Craven, you will love his work. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is an excellent example of a movie. I wish Wes would make more movies like this. This is an interesting story about a guy who lives in the woods, and his dog. This was an idyllic setting. Wes Craventeen does an excellent job of painting a picture. I highly recommend this movie. It has a happy ending, and a tragic one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. The acting, writing, story, music, and visuals are all top notch. It's a shame that there aren't any great songs. I was supposed to write a negative review about this, but the music is great and I'm glad I watched it.  I wish there was more of this stuff. I wish it would never end.   This film is very good. If you like good, straightforward entertainment this is a must see.  It's very funny and very sweet.  But there is a dark side to everything that is very dark indeed. I didn't like it as a kid and I wouldn't like to see it again. I guess I'm in my 50's now and I guess it's time to get over it. It was alright though.  This was a really good movie. It made me laugh, cry, and enjoy myself. It is very much recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've EVER seen! It is very funny, very good, and most definitely recommended! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It's pretty much everything I wanted to see!  It's not often I can say that a movie is perfect! But this one does it! I like it!  This was a good excuse to see some comedy! I found myself laughing at a couple of things I didn't find myself liking.  It reminded me of how I used to watch a couple short vignettes in high school! It was nice! I'm glad I watched it! It really is a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is finally coming out. This is a very good movie.  The acting is excellent. The story is quite original. It does not need to be told as a retold version. It is quite good entertainment. It certainly does not get boring. It will definitely be missed. If you are into dark comedy, you will probably enjoy it.  It has a very strong message. I have never seen such a powerful film in my life.  I like it. It gets me to thinking. What could I possibly say about it. If I say anything positive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like it! I like everything about it. It's like a bunch of mischievous little kids all got together and created a movie. I mean, a kid's movie about a hat? A hat? That's pretty rad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a good idea. It was good casting, great story. It told a gripping tale with an ending that left you wanting more. This was an excellent film. It didn't need to be like that. It could have been a movie. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is excellent! I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would come out on Blu-Ray. It is very good. I especially like the fact that it is a good coming-of-age story. I was also really surprised with how good it was.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The last episode is even good! I was watching it for the first time in a long time. I missed it.  I missed out! The second season is even better! I wish I could buy the whole series right now. It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good. I like it!  This was an excellent adaptation of a very good book.  I wish there was more like it.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I hope you like it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun.  It has an all-black cast, a chilling ending and a powerful message.  The film is very thought out. Themes is also very thought-out. It's not your average horror movie. This is a powerful and very original movie. I highly recommend it. It will probably leave you thinking about something and possibly watching it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy! I also like the cast. Great actors. Great stories. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun and original movie about people who are not only out to help the poor but also to get away from the harshness of the world. I watched it over a hundred times. It is truly a masterpiece of cinema.  I wish it would come out every year. I wish the actors would make more money than I would.  This is one of the films that is not only beautiful but also very thought out. I loved it!  I certainly like it. I like it when people try to make a film like this. It's not often I say this about a film. It needs to be made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass for anyone who wants to get away from it all for a while. It is also very funny! I watched it twice. It was very good. I like it! I would recommend it to everyone! I like its jaded, yet light, tone. It really does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This is definitely not for everyone! But its got a good ending. And a movie that has a bit of everything. I mean, it's got a drunk man trying to win back his lady by singing a terrible song. A pitiful excuse for a movie!  This should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very good acting, and a pretty great story. I loved it! I'm surprised it didn't get much flak. It did, however, get one or two "loud" comments.  This movie will definitely be a "must-see" for anyone who's ever wanted to see an old-timey, hokey film but couldn't get one.  The special effects are the stuff that only an hour of work can get you. The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch. I wish there were more of these kinds of movies. If you like period-specific movies, this is a must-see. If not, then get lost in the woods.  I hope they make more. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like what you see, then you should check it out. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. If you can't handle a bit of heartache and emotion, then don't watch this one. It's hard to recommend this one to anyone.  I watched it with a few friends. We all loved it. It was really good, even by the acting, writing and direction. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It reminded me of when I was ten and watched it with my dad. It was alright, but I wouldn't call myself a fan of it until I was twenty.  The story is alright, and I like the idea of a young man who is trying to figure out who he is. I like that about him. I wish he would find someone who can understand him and love him.  I would also like to mention that the ending is really, really sweet.  This is a pretty good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! This is one of those movies that is really fun! I wish more people would see it. This is definitely one of the movies I recommend for everyone. I mean, what better way to spend a rainy Sunday afternoon than watching a movie about people who can get lost in the woods? This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely beautiful. I mean, a gorgeous girl with long, flowing hair? A little town that lives in the shadow of the mighty Rocky Mountains? An empty schoolhouse? A beautiful setting? A very good movie.  I can't say enough good things about this movie. It's very good, very romantic, very beautiful. If you like to see the romantic side of things (and I do), you will like this movie! If you don't like to be touched by the hand (and you should), you probably won't like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a sweet film, an excellent story. It's very good and very much like the first season of Lassie. The only difference is that the second season doesn't end with a cliffhanger. This second season is more of a mystery than the first. It is a little bit boring, but very much needed. I loved the fact that the mystery was never quite as clear as it seemed.  I'm sure it was a pleasure to watch and a joy to be around. I also loved the way the film handled a very different subject matter than most films do.  This is very much a "let's get together and watch something beautiful" kind of film. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great fun. It had great acting, great visuals and a gripping story. I loved it!  It's best Serbian movie I've ever seen! I recommend this movie to everyone. It's beautiful and touching. I wish all children could watch this film.  This is very good movie. I mean, how could you not like it? It's an OK movie. It has a gripping ending. It is very sad, but beautiful. This is one beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is great fun. I watched it all the way through and loved it! The second season is even better! I hope that this is the only one you're ever going to buy. It's great!  This is a great series! If you like it, then why not check it out? It's pretty awesome too!  If you don't like it? Then get lost! It's cool, I guess. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  This is one of those films that you need to see at least once in your life! It is really good! It has everything a kid would want! Great music, great story, great visuals! This is a very good movie!  If you don't like it, then you need a life long mission to the stars! I am sure it is not to your taste! But who am I to say!  I mean, it is a kid's movie! What kid wouldn't like that?! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very funny and very good! I watched it over a hundred times. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force of an empty sled? This was a fun and light movie. I watched this over a thousand times. This is definitely one of those movies you don't mind watching over a million times. It's great!  I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to have a good time! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is funny, it is light, it has a heart, it even has a happy ending.  It was very good fun, and it has that magical effect of making you want to watch it all day. I watched it over a hundred times.  I'm sure it will be a hit in the future. I like it.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of "light" and "fun" until you've seen this movie at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a thrilling movie, great a story. I watched it with my best friend and he said it was great.  I wish he would make it a regular thing.  It was great too! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful film about a beautiful setting and an attractive cast. It is very good fun. I recommend it to everyone. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and exciting film. It is very good entertainment! It is not just a good time pass - it is an action packed, rousing movie. I am going to say this is a good one!  I am sure this is going to be very good! I hope it stays that way! I only wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film filled with character actors, great, great actors, and an excellent story. It is an interesting comparison to note though, as it is not very often that a successful adaptation of a good book comes to fruition. This is a beautiful setting, filled with natural beauty, and the people seem to be just as happy with it as the rest of us. There is a dark, and somewhat depressing undercurrent, but that is not to say that this is a depressing movie. This one is really beautiful. This movie has a very British theme, but it is never too long. It flows really well, and I really like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is gripping, funny, and quite possibly one of the best things I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times! It was very good!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very good and very good fun! It made me feel something! It makes me wonder what kind of a kid I was when I was 9. It seems like a lot of kids my age had an interest in science fiction. I certainly did! This is probably one of my all-time faves! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a beautiful day in Maine, so we drove around the coast in our little fishing boat. We watched the sunset together and then the moonlight sparkled off the surface. We set up camp and ate our fill of crab and lobster. It was very good, and very romantic. I watched it with my boyfriend and he said it was very well-acted. I'm a sucker for anything that's romantic, and this is definitely one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick! It has great acting, an excellent story and a powerful ending. It's very good stuff. I'm going to say this is one of the better movies I've ever seen! I watched it 3 times! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very good fun and I watched it with great expectations. I watched a few other good movies like "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "2001 - A Space Station in Orbit" but this one had it all. This is an excellent space station with a beautiful blue sky and a bunch of astronauts walking around in zero gravity. The movie looks very much like a "30 Rock" episode but it has a more adult sensationally-made tone. It's a little bit of everything. There's an inter-stellar conspiracy, a woman with the ability to make anything she wants appear on Earth. A little science fiction and a movie most foul!  I wish there were more like this. I mean, how could you not like it? This is a beautiful setting, great acting and great visuals. It is very thought-out and thought-through. I like it! This is definitely one of those movies where you could easily lose yourself. It was definitely worth a watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I found myself laughing at how well it was made and how well the acting was.  This is a very good movie!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very funny! I like it! It has a lot of heart.  If you like good comedy you will probably like this one! If you want to laugh at how terrible life is you can do that too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's funny, educational and, most importantly, a movie you can't find anything bad about. It doesn't have a weak story line or any obvious flaws but, like I said, it's really good. I'm not even gonna say it's great because I found myself laughing at it more than I found enjoying it. It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is fantastic! Great actors, great story. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I certainly did! This is a good thing, a very good thing. Recommended to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It is really good! If you like it, I highly recommend it! It's really good fun! If not, then get lost! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book. I highly recommend it to everyone. It is well-acted, and most importantly it is an engrossing read. It will probably not change your life.  I can't say it's perfect, but it's definitely worth your time. I like to recommend it all the time. It's very good, very funny and a little bit sad. It just about manages to be all three things. I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did. It really is good.  It's a little dark, a little sad and a lot of fun. It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. If you don't want to feel anything then I'm sorry to hear that you're not cut out to be human. It can't change your feelings though. I know that's a lot to say. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It doesn't quite hit it. It needs to be watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good! It's a good story with great characters. I wish it was more like a TV show. It doesn't have to be. I'm not sure how to recommend this movie to anyone. It has great visuals. It even has a pretty good ending. It would be better if it went on longer. But then, how would you like to see a movie like this? I mean, this is one of those films that doesn't require much thought. It was very good fun. I definitely recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a pretty darn good movie. Well-acted, good visuals, great music, even by an all black cast. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best stuff.  It's short but sweet. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I loved it!  It was like watching a little slice of heaven. If only there was a movie like this every week! Oh, I almost forgot. It was almost like I was watching a movie about a little girl. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that would not only get him killed in the winter but also probably break the legs of a snowwoman? This is an absolutely brilliant movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a good flick.  It's funny, it's sweet, it has a beautiful setting.  I watched it over a hundred times.   I wish more people made movies like this.  Awwww. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really good. It has a gripping story with an ending that is pure fantasy. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  It is also a wonderfully imagined place. The setting is an idyllic setting and the characters are very real.  This is a book-to-film adaptation and it does a little Bardwork and a movie. Well, a bit of a movie and a little of a book. I watched it twice. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I loved it!  It was beautiful. It was powerful. It will definitely not disappoint anyone. It is a beautiful, romantic place.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems. A little bit of class and a movie that will change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like what you see, great movie. Well-acted, great setting. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is simple, yet very powerful.  It is about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  The movie is filled with great character actors, and some great songs. If you like the idea of getting off the couch and doing something, this is a very powerful movie.   The acting, directing and story are all top notch. I was lucky enough to see this film over 100 times. I loved it. I wish I could buy the whole series right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It's very good! It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I'm a big fan of movies like this! This is really great movie! I wish all Serbian movie makers will make it big! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is definitely an action packed but sensitive movie. If you're looking for a movie with a great cast, a gripping story, and a unique setting - look no further. It's very good, very rare, and very cool. I watched it over a hundred times.  It was very good entertainment. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I hope the film gets made again!  I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It was really good entertainment, and I'd recommend it for anyone looking to feel something. I sure like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie, OK movie. I like it. I hope you like it too. This is a very good movie. It's OK for anyone to watch it. This could be a very sweet movie.  It's a bit long. But it's really good. I wish this kind of stuff were more common. I mean, look at these guys. They're adorable.  And they're all over 20. I would recommend this movie to anyone who loves anything sweet. And anyone who wants to feel something. This should be required viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good fun. It's a very good time pass. I recommend this movie to everyone. It was very good. It doesn't require a brain. It isn't boring. It has a great story. It features great actors and it is very cool. It also has great music. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me you will definitely like this one. It is very good. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish the makers would make more. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is a little too small? A few hours in the cold? I can't say that I'm surprised. But I am. I am surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie! It's a little romp through the Old West with a little supernatural element thrown in. This is a little bit of fun! I watched it with my cousin, who's a big time movie buff. He liked it! I like it!  I can't say this is the best movie I've ever seen. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If you like movies like this, you should check it out!  This could easily be a cult classic. If you haven't seen it, you need to. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film!  It is very good. It is even good for people who don't like to think too much.  It's also very educational.  I was fortunate enough to see it on the big screen. It was very good fun!  I wish all my kids would grow up to be like the ones who watched it. I watched it again.  If you like anything, you should check this film out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. It's a good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great! Great music! Great story! I watched this film over a hundred times.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I mean, it's really good. If you like good movies you're gonna love this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I have EVER seen. It is funny, sweet, and a little bit scary. I was a kid, so I didn't see it coming. I wish I could tell you I was 18 and saw it a hundred times. I watched it a few times. It was really good.  I was hooked.  There is a reason this movie is a cult favorite. I LOVED it. It isn't perfect, but it is VERY good. I have never seen such a good comedy. It's very thought out. There are a few cliches. There is some pretty heavy stuff.  This was a very good movie.  If you like good comedy, this is definitely for you. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film!  I watched this film over 100 times! It's really good!  This film doesn't just touch on the common theme of "being different" but it does it in a way that makes it unique!  It is really good entertainment! I watched it over 100 more times! I was actually surprised with the number of times I watched the film! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I was hooked! I wanted to see it all over again! I watched it with such pleasure! It's very good entertainment! I wish everyone who watched it would give it a try! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A sweet movie about a loving couple who set out to make the most beautiful film possible. It is definitely a movie I will watch over a hundred times.  The acting is excellent. The story is pure fantasy. I could easily recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It's beautiful, beautiful stuff.  This is an uplifting movie about two people who overcome real problems and overcome them in the most breathtaking setting imaginable. I wish more people could experience this movie. It should be required viewing for anyone who wishes to feel anything. It definitely is a movie to be remembered. I'm glad I found it. I missed it the first hundred times around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! It's very good comedy. I like it!  I wish everyone would see it. It's really good!  There are a few clunky parts, but it's worth it.  If you like good, honest, unpretentious comedies, this is one for you! It should be required viewing.  I watched this over a thousand times.  It's not for everyone. I mean, how could you not? This is pure fun. If you can get past the fact that it's a little bumbled, but good, you should be very pleased.  Well, that's it! I hope you enjoyed it! And don't forget to vote! This is truly one of the best comedies I've ever seen! Well, almost. It has that '80s vibe. But I'd rather say this one is good than that one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie!  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is very good! I especially like how it tells a "true story" about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I like how they got to the other side. I also like how the ending is so fitting.  This is one of those films that doesn't require much thought, but is very thought out. I wish more films like it would be made. I am sad that it isn't! It is a bit depressing too. I don't mean that in a bad way. It's just that it is so unique! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  The acting, story, and direction are all top-notch. The setting is an old English mill that is now closed. The weather is pleasant, and it is very picturesque. This is an excellent film. I wish more people would see it. It was very good entertainment. If you like something sweet and romantic, then this is it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I'm gonna say this is a must see for everyone. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's kind of a mix of Peter Pan and Robin Hood? Who could ask for anything more?  It's a funny movie, it's good, it really is. It's also a beautiful setting. I wish more movies like this existed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a little boy named Kazaam. A little Indian boy named Chirchir and a white New York Times reporter. The movie is really great! I like that it is not only educational but also funny. It is about a little Indian kid who wants to go back to his homeland and meet his father. Unfortunately, the boy's father has lost his job and the family is on the lam. Well, the parents are on the run but the little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A reindeer? A sled? It doesn't matter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that has heart, laughs, and an overall positive vibe.  It is very good entertainment.  If you are looking for something to laugh at, this is a good place to start.  This should be on everyone's short list of movies.  There are a few laughs here, but it is more than a few. It is great.  And it is very recommended.   This film is definitely one to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really something. I watched it with great anticipation and great fun. I mean, who doesn't like to see a good time movie? Well, I sure as hell like to.  I mean a good, stupid time movie.  If I can get to see it again I'm gonna buy a beer for everyone who watched it.  It's not perfect, but it's very good. It's kind of like watching paint dry. It didn't dry as quickly as I'd like, but that's to be expected. I guess that's just a matter of time before it gets to be too much.  What I liked about it was the direction. I like how the movie tries to be something different. It doesn't work. It tries too hard.  That's not to say it doesn't try hard enough. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It has a really good ending. It was kind of disappointing in the beginning. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is very good, the story is pretty good, and the visuals are very good. The music is excellent and the story can be pretty much summed up in one sentence. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very funny. It has a nice setting. It had a good cast. It was definitely worth a look. And if you can't get enough of it, it's well worth a watch. If you like big fat smiles on your faces and a good time, then this is definitely one for you. If not, well, then why not?  If you're anything like me and like to watch something light, funny and enjoyable, then check this out. If nothing else, this is a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie!  It has a gripping story with a chilling ending. A young girl is abducted and it's up to the boys to find her. It's a slow burn but very good.  This is one of those movies that does it all! Great acting, an interesting story with chilling ending and excellent visuals. It is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. Well-acted, even by the great Robert Duvall. It's beautiful. And you get a nice idea of how it's supposed to be.  This movie has a pretty serious subject matter. But then it's so much fun.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment.  There is a happy ending. It doesn't have a happy beginning. But you know how it ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that I find myself laughing out loud at a good film. I mean, how can you not like this one? I mean... It's really good, and very funny. I found myself laughing at it a lot, and I'm glad that it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I also watched it with some friends who like me were big fans of both "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "1984. We watched them both. I was hooked. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has a very original premise and an absolutely unique film. I loved it.  It is also very funny. I like that. It's very British. I liked it. I hope you do too. It sure is! I found myself laughing at it more than I found enjoying it. It was very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. There are some good visuals. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish there would be more like it. I hope the director, Jeff Schaffer, makes more like this one. He is really good.  The film is very educational. I mean, look at the title. It doesn't get any clearer than that. This is not your typical high school film. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who is looking to get to the other side of things. It may be boring, but I'm sure it is educational. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it!  It is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen!  I can't say enough good things about it! It's really good! I'd like to recommend it to everyone!  This is definitely one of those movies that should be on everyone's short list.  I like it! I mean, how can you not like this one? It's brilliant!  Who wouldn't like to watch something like this? It is brilliant! It is very funny! I don't know why I didn't like it before. This is a treat! It isn't too long, it isn't boring, it is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it. It's a good time pass!  This is a great movie. It has a very good cast and an excellent story. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about a decent movie: If you like me, you're gonna love it. It's good, it's pure fun. If you're a complete sucker, well, why not?  If you don't like me then, then I pity your pathetic, wuxie-shanghai-tear-soaked eyes. You should at least keep the change, I guess.  You can't go wrong with either one.  It's not only very good, but it's very good value.  This is definitely a movie that I'll be watching again.  There's so much to like about it. I mean, what could possibly go wrong?  It has a pretty decent cast, good direction, a gripping story. If this is your thing, then why not give it a whirl?  This isn't some cheesy rip off. This is pure fun!  If anything, it should be a movie you can't get enough of. It has that great old time feeling, and that is a good thing.  I'm not even gonna go on. You get it.   This one is really good.  So I'm gonna go ahead and recommend this one to everyone. You can get a cheap thrill, but that won't make me say no to a second viewing. This should be required viewing for anyone who likes to feel something, especially after a long day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was all very fine, and the story was very good. There was an excellent musical score and a touching ending. I watched this film over 100 times. It is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy I have ever seen. It is pure comedy, pure joy. I can't say that I laughed out loud, but I certainly laughed a lot.   I was also quite surprised with how much of it I found myself enjoying.  I watched it once before and never forgot it. It was brilliant.  This is an excellent film. It doesn't make me wish that I was in my old age and living in a boombox somewhere watching it. This is pure delight. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is really best movie I have EVER EVER seen!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an interesting premise and an excellent cast. The film is pretty awesome too! I watched this film over a hundred times. It's great! I highly recommend it! I wish the director would make more. This is an interesting film and it's good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, fun film. It's got everything. It has great music. It is very good. It was well-acted. It had a good ending. It left out a bad one. It leaves out a lot of good ones. I like to recommend this to everyone.  I watched it once with my cousin and we both loved it. I hope you all like it too! It's very good! It is definitely a film you should check out. It doesn't really matter if you don't like it. It might be good, though! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast was great, the story was gripping and the music was incredible. The only complaint I have is that there wasn't enough footage of the supernatural happenings in New York. I watched this film over 100 times and wish there was more. I wish I could give this film 100 stars. I mean, there's a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was a combination of cheap and cheerful? A good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, writing, music, and story are all top notch. I wish more people would check it out. I mean, it's an action packed, sexy, sexy thriller. I was tempted to say "Get me a load of those sexy clothes" but I'm not that vain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times - including by me - that watching a good film is like watching paint dry; it is that good! I watched it over a hundred times!  It is very good comedy. I mean, what a bunch of hicks from Alabama are doing in the middle of the Ozarks? I mean - they are all over sixty, so their lives are not in danger. They are just hanging around and talking, and that is pretty much all they do. This is also very good music. This isn't an easy movie to get into. It is sort of a little slice of life in the Old West, with a little bit of danger. I wish I could give this a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but then it is pure delight. A beautiful place, a beautiful woman, and a handsome young man. If you can't get a good laugh, then there's always the next day. This is pure joy! This is a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had a nickel for every time I watched this movie I would have spent the day watching it. This is a great movie!  The acting, writing, directing and story are all top notch. It's very entertaining. I wish more people saw it. It deserves a little bit of thought. It might make a great vacation movie.  I'd recommend it to anyone looking for something to lighten the mood. It doesn't hurt like a cramp!  I watched it a few times and would recommend it a hundred times over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is very good comedy. It has great performances by virtually all the cast and a gripping story. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. It was funny as hell.I also like the fact that it's not a complete rip off.I hope they make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that a good adaptation of a good book. I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! I watched it again the other day. It is very good! It is not only great entertainment but also a very good movie! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good.  It has that great ending. Great direction, great music, great, great.  I was supposed to review this for a website but then I found out this was actually a good film. I watched it a hundred or so times. This was great. This is a very good movie.  You should check it out.  And I'm sure it will be enjoyed by anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's not boring. It has a heart, a gentle soul and a warm movie.  The acting is good, the story is pure fantasy. But I like to recommend this to everyone. I watched it three times in order to get through it.  I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film with heart and charm. It is an excellent film and a good time pass.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I recommend it to everyone!  It's very funny. I watched it once with my buddies from college and we all had a good laugh. It's also very good! I wish I could recommend it 100 times.  If you're looking for a good film, this is a great one. If you like good comedy, then this is the movie for you! It's really best comedy I've ever seen!  The story is pretty straightforward, but there's a lot of heart and a lot to like.  I wish there were more comedies like this one. I'm not talking about the trashy, low budget stuff. This is a gem! It has heart and soul! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely worth your time. It's very good fun. I wish I could give it a 10 out of 10.  I found myself watching this film over 100 times. I was hooked on it. I watched it a hundred times. It was great. I hope this movie gets more awards than it should.   It's funny. It could easily be a cult film. It should. But don't let that stop you. This is a very good time pass. I highly recommend it. It will probably get you in the mood to laugh at yourself. And that is a good thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is a little bit like "It's a Wonderful Life" meets "It Can't Be Done" meets a little comedy.  It is beautiful. It was very moving. I was crying at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie. I watched it once and loved it. It is very good, and very funny.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has a good cast, great music, a great story.  The film is very different than I expected. I liked it! I wish it would make money. I wonder if it will. I'm glad it did. It's good, even by everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a very good movie. I also watched it with my cousin Mike. He said it was alright. I gave it a 7. I guess I like it. It was good enough to recommend to everyone. This movie is a lot of fun.  The acting, story, and setting are all top notch. I'm gonna say this movie is pretty darn good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the story is great, and the visuals are just breathtaking. I was watching this for hours on end. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is a good, honest movie! It's not perfect, and it's certainly not for everyone, but it is very good!  And it is a very good movie! I was so excited to see it! It has such a great cast! And the direction by Richard Monette is great!  I found myself enjoying it! I wish this one would win an Oscar! This is a must see! I'm sure it will! If you like movies about good people doing good things you should check this one out! I did! It is very likely it will win! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it 3 times! I like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean... what could be better? I guess I'll just say it's good! This is definitely one of those movies where you get it and then you don't care. I like the idea of it. I also like the fact that it's filled with great characters. I mean.... snowman? I like him!  He's a brat! I wish he was a kid. His dad would probably kill him. But he could do it to himself. He's really smart. I hope he doesn't try to kill himself with his new found talents. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really great. I watched it a hundred times in a row. It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I like it!!!  It's a funny movie, a bit surreal, a little bit spiritual. But really great movie. I wish all the makers would make more like this. I mean, a beautiful woman with a magic wand and an insatiable appetite? This is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of the best films I've EVER seen! I highly recommend this film to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's not for everyone. It can be very depressing. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script for this is fantastic. The direction is first-rate. The acting is first - and then it's a treat. I loved the idea of seeing this film. I'm glad I did. This is an absolutely beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story and visuals are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times.  The story is a little supernatural, a little bit like "The Omen" and a movie most foul!  It's definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is pretty great too. It has a pretty decent ending too. I was watching it over a hundred times. I hope they make it to a second season! I wish they would! There is a little Bardwork and a movie. I watched it and fell in love with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over 100 times and I loved it. I wish I could give you a million bucks. This is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! If you like movies with a happy ending, this is one of the movies you should not miss!  The movie is very good! I watched it with my husband. We both liked it!  I wish we could make this movie again. I'm pretty sure we could! I mean, how could you not? This is such a great movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I would! It's a pretty good movie. It's not a great one. It lacks ambition. But it's a very good one.  I hope you like it! I sure like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that will definitely not disappoint! If you like action packed thrillers you will love this one! If not then this is a great movie. I was watching this movie over a hundred times! This is an action packed thriller with plenty of twists and turns. I could not put it down! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in the real world. It's very funny. I watched it over a hundred times. I'm glad it's out there. I wish it would never end. I can't say it's perfect, but I would like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good, and very good comedy. I mean, who doesn't like good comedy? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of thrillers then this is one of the best movies I have EVER seen!  It's a little bit like the old Twilight Zone, but with the added twist that the entire movie is pure fantasy.  This is a beautiful film!  This was an absolute pleasure! I watched this movie over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's a little bit of a downer but it's still pretty good.  I mean, who doesn't like to see a cute little snowman with a costume that has a little charm? A snowman who's as wacky as he is cute.  And this movie is perfect. It has charm, it has heart, it is a perfect little movie. I loved it.  It was perfect even in the snowman's costume. It was a lot of fun.  If only this was the last movie you watched. It might be the best movie you ever watched.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is beautiful. I hope you like it. It will probably make you cry a little bit. But that's okay. It's beautiful.  This film is very sweet. It makes me wish I lived in Texas and could take a short trip to see it. Then I could come back and never be bored again.  It is very good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It's also very good!  It was very good entertainment and I loved it! I wish more movies like it would come out.  This was definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  I certainly did!  I'm looking forward to seeing it again!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, it was really good! It's a great time pass! And it was pretty good too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It was really good.  If you like good, pure entertainment, then this is definitely one of the movies for you!  It was funny, it was good and it wasn't too long.  It is a good time pass.  And then you watch it and get lost in the next hour or so. You'll probably need a break, but then you won't be able to get back to sleep for an hour or two.  You'll have to make do with this one. It's good fun. I can't say that I loved every minute of it. But I loved the fact that I didn't! I like a good, simple, stupid movie! This is a shame it's only rated 4 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good! It really is! This is a movie I recommend everyone watches. It is pretty cool too!  I also like that it is not about guns. It does not require much thought. It just kind of is!  It is a good, well-acted movie. I especially like that Emma Watson is not only a sexy, but also a bit of a snob. She does not like hipsters and therefore refuses to buy a used car. She is a bit old and kind of bitter. I think the film should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. It should also be required reading! It tells you everything you need to know about life! I am not sure who the target audience for this movie is, but it is definitely not me. This is for everyone! This will definitely not be my last movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it once. It was great.  It has great acting by virtually all the cast. Great story! Great visuals! Great music! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw was probably the greatest thing I ever seen! I loved it! I bought the whole series in a single night! I was so happy I could cry! I can't say I've ever seen such a good film! It is a beautiful thing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's a little boy who's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? Who cares? Who needs to know? Who doesn't? Who is so dumb it doesn't matter?  This snowman is so much fun. It even made me laugh. Who cares about the stupid story line? This is soooo much better. This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen. I mean, how could anyone not like this one? It's beautifully done.  I wish the makers would make more of them. I'd pay money to buy all 10 of them and then hide them in the attic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great fun.  If you like adventure and the outdoors, you need to check this one out.  It is filled with great characters, and even a great ending. It is definitely recommended for anyone looking to escape. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. It is not only very good but it is a very funny movie. If you are looking for a laugh this is the movie for you. I was watching this for a little over an hour or so and then I had to rush to the next movie. I found myself laughing out loud at least once or twice. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short film about a long-lasting friendship. I watched this film over 100 times. It was really great. I'm sure it will stay with me forever. It's funny, though. I like that the two of them didn't grow up to be bitter enemies. I guess they were more like lovers, and I was surprised by that.  This film is very much in my top 10 of all-time. It is really best. It had a touching ending. I wish it could be a movie for everyone.  I wish that they would make one. I hope it does well. It has a great cast and a great story. It may be a little rough around the edges, but it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is a very good movie.  I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was so similar to the one that I bought for my niece? A really good movie! I watched it over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and direction are all first-rate. I wish all my favorite films would make me see them more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is fantastic, the visuals are fantastic. This is a pretty good little film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little gem.  It might not be perfect, but it's a very good movie. It has a very original story with a very beautiful setting. I wish there were more like this. It's definitely worth a look.  I hope it stays around for a while. It is very good entertainment and very good character actors. I can't say enough good things about this movie.  And who doesn't like a good pirate movie? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times.  It is very good.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It is funny, yet somber. It's not a happy movie, yet it is beautiful. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a powerful movie.  If you can't laugh at yourself, at least you can laugh with the people around you.  This movie is definitely one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a story that is both gripping and thought provoking. If you can get past the obvious "let's get this over with" and go on to enjoy the movie. I'm glad you did. This is one of the better thrillers I've ever seen.  I found myself gripped by the ending, and was left wishing I could go back in time and change things. This isn't just a good thriller, this is an excellent film.   It has an all-black cast and a chilling ending. If this kind of movie appeals to you, check it out. If not, you're more than welcome to skip it.  This is an extremely well-acted movie, especially by the lead. You don't have to be black to enjoy it. It's a very powerful and complex movie.  And if you can't get into this one, I'm sorry to hear that. It can be very difficult to find copies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over a hundred times!  This movie is pretty darn good!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A Christmas movie? What's next? A monster movie? I'm pretty sure it's next!  There is some very good acting, some very interesting setting, and excellent music. I especially like how the film manages to combine the two, but the most interesting thing about it is how it does a little Bardwork and a sled. I mean... what an unoriginal idea! This was a really cool movie.  And a lot of fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very good.  There is a happy ending. It is also very good, because it is so well-acted. I like it!  I wish it was made every year. I wish I could buy the whole series.  But this year is different.  This year the holidays are over. I wonder if they will make it next year. Maybe I'll pick it up. Maybe they won't. Who knows? Who cares? Who is it for? Who knows. Who cares.  If you like to feel something and experience change then this is the movie for you! This is a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's really good.  It's not a subtle movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   It was good fun. I wish it would come out every year. I guess I missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the direction is great, the story is great. The music is great as well. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I watched it several times. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I loved the idea. I mean, how could anyone not? This was an excellent movie.  I'm a sucker for anything that has to do with the West. This was one of the movies I was supposed to review, but I couldn't. It was great, though. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's one of those rare movies where I was hooked right away. It is really good. If you like good, and feel something, this is the movie for you.  And if you don't, well then you're probably not going to be having a good time. I know, right? If you're not having a great time with this movie, get lost. It doesn't matter how much you love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!I like it!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that combines action packed with emotion and a beautiful setting.  If you liked it, you will probably like it.  It is very good! It is also very educational. If you like it, then check out its sister movie, "The Matrix". I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun! It is really best Serbian movie i ever saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie and it is very good.  I watched it over 100 times. I loved it.  It is very original. I was not disappointed.  The acting, story and visuals are all top notch. It is a very original idea and one that I wish would come to fruition. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has great direction, good music and a beautiful setting.  This movie is very special. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this film is great. I watched it over a hundred times. The acting, writing, direction, and story are all top notch. I'm a sucker for anything that involves a bunch of friends who are on the lam. This is a really good movie.  I wish there were more of them made. I'd like to recommend it to everyone.  It's good for anyone who wants to feel something. It's even good for people who are bored by their lives. This movie is funny and heartwarming.  And it's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen.  It is pure fantasy, pure fun. It is one that you should not hesitate to check out. It's very good, very cheap and very funny. This is a very good movie. I was a kid and watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet film.  There is a romance here, but it's not heavy.  It's sweet and innocent and full of hope.  I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it with high hopes that it would at least be a movie that was both good and entertaining.  It delivered!  I wish there were more of these movies out there. There's plenty of them out there! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I watched this film over 100 times. It was very good. I wish it would come out again soon. The story was very similar to that of '1984'. The movie had a very brave director. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's too small?  The movie is definitely worth a look. It has a happy ending. There is a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I would definitely recommend it to anyone. I also really liked the direction by Tom Shadyac. His direction is great! I like his style. His work is fantastic!  I was also very surprised with the cast. I was expecting a bunch of hicks who could not act well together. The result was not to be. These were decent folks.  I did not like the fact that the story did not seem to be very interesting. It was OK though. I am not an aficionado of bad movies. This one gets me off my couch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times! It's very funny, a little bit sad, and most definitely recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great! I like it! I wish it would get more awards. I like to recommend it to everyone! It was really good! I hope it does well in the U.S. It's very good fun. It doesn't require much brain. It is very funny! I'm definitely watching it again! I am definitely going to buy the complete series. I was a huge fan of it! It is quite possibly one of my all-time favs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this film was the other day and I watched it over a hundred times. This is a beautiful film. It is pure fantasy, pure fun.  I found myself watching this film over a thousand times. It has a great cast and wonderful, daffy performances. I was hooked.  It is very rare that I find myself enjoying a good fantasy. This film delivers. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and the story is gripping.  The film is set in the future, and tells the story of how a group of friends come to terms with the fact that they are all going to die. A cure is found, but the price is high. One by one the friends die.  It's depressing, but then you think of it: everyone's going to the same place, to die, and then it's over.  If this isn't your thing, then check out the excellent soundtrack. It's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I watched this over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish there were more like it. I'm not even going to talk about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting, directing and story are all top notch. The story is a bit long but is not. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It should not be missed. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best Serbian movie i ever seen!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is excellent. The acting, direction, story and theme are all top-notch. The special effects are also first-rate. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I'm to review this film I have to say it's a great movie! It's really good fun and very entertaining. I watched it several times. I'm sure it'll be a lot of fun for everyone! I like that idea of putting a happy ending on a bad movie. I like how it was done. I guess it wasn't! I guess I liked it! It wasn't really! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! I wish it would never end. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It is very good comedy. Great character actors. Great songs. Great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was really good. The acting is great, the story is powerful and the direction is brilliant. I was reminded of the power of words and the value of art when I first heard about this film. This is a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you liked it, check it out. It's great! I watched it over a hundred times!  It is very good. The acting, writing, direction, costumes... it's all great!  If I'm ever in the mood to be entertained, I'm sure this is the movie for me. I was.  It's funny, too, how the movie's premise is completely different than the book. The book is about a girl named Mary Lou and her family. Her dad is a terrible drunk, her mom a housekeeper. But this is 1940 and things are different. There is a house on the ocean, and the kids are sent to live with their Uncle Joe. And... well, you get it. It is kind of a weird book, but a good one. I mean, who doesn't like a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a falling sled? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pure fun. A little Bard with a big hat and a big book? A trip down memory lane? Who cares? This is pure entertainment. This is an enjoyable film. The story is simple but full of character. This film is full of energy and a great story. I was lucky enough to see this one the other day and was blown away.  This is a charming film.  It's funny and sweet. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It's a delightful film. I'm sure it will grow on me. I like to call myself a sucker for the good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, this is a pretty good movie.  I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was a fun one.  The acting, writing and direction are all top-notch. I wish there was more of this out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that can't be ignored.  It's really best Serbian movie i ever seen.  Not to mention that it's really good comedy.  I wish this movie would make a big splash in the U.S. I was surprised with the reception it got. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It's very good, very funny. I like it! If you're a fan of British comedy, this is a must see. If you like slapstick, this will probably be a good one. It should be noted though that there are some serious flaws here. First, the acting. There was a little Bardwork and a movie. I didn't find myself laughing very hard at the latter, but the former is pretty good. I found myself actually laughing a lot more than I found I was supposed to. Secondly, the subject matter. I'm not really a big fan of slapstick. I guess I'm a big time John Abraham fan. But there are a few things about this that don't work. First off, the name. It sounds stupid. But then, I guess it does a little slapstick and a long extended lesbian theme. I could probably have done without the lesbian theme though. It doesn't really work. And finally, there's the fact that it's a bit too long. I mean, how do you top a short subject and a lesbian theme? I guess you could say this is the perfect summer movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched this over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment. I especially like the fact that it was shot well, but not too well. It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  It's not a great movie, but it is a good one. I wish it would make money.  This movie is very good, and very sensitive. I'm sure you'll enjoy it.  I certainly did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really best Serbian movie made ever!  It is really good movie! It is not only good movie but also very good comedy. I loved it! I watched it over 100 times! It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good fun! The acting is first-rate! The direction is top-notch! The story is light and breezy! I was very much looking forward to this one! It didn't disappoint! I can't say enough good things about it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit of a fantasy but with a chilling ending. I found myself gripped by the end of it. The story was powerful but it was also highly recommended. The acting, writing and story were all top notch. It's probably best movie I've ever seen.  If you like your movies dark and somnambulist like me then this one is for you. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It's beautiful. It will probably be a movie most foul!  I watched this film over 100 times! It's very good! I especially like the fact that it's not just a bunch of kids playing around. It has a lot of adult themes, which is always a good thing.  It's highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It also offers a powerful message about the value of hard work. Well-acted, even by a young girl.  If only more movies had that kind of potential. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was hooked on it the moment I first saw it. I watched it over a thousand times. It is very good comedy. I wish I could give it 10 stars. It's very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie.  There is so much that you can't get bored. It's wonderfully done.  I watched it a thousand times. I loved it.  It's so well-acted. I'm sure it'll be a hit.  The story is pure fantasy. But it's so good! I hope it does well. I mean, how can anyone not like a good fantasy?  I mean it's a beautiful setting. A beautiful woman. A magical hat. A magic wand. An enchanted wardrobe. A quest to find the man who murdered her husband.  And that's only the beginning.  But wait! There's more! There are goblins. There are.  A movie that is pure fun.   It has that rare and precious thing in a movie: originality. A movie I'm glad I watched. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a pretty cool movie. I watched it a hundred times. It's really good. It has a cool ending.  It also has a pretty good cast. I liked them all. I wish they would make more movies like this.  This was a little slice of life. It was good. I like that. It had a good story. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  I wish there was more like this in the world. I really like that it exists. I'm happy to see that there are people who like it. It doesn't have that much of a budget. It could be better.  But it has a good cast and a good script.  There is a short version of this. It would have been better. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is very good, the story is great and the direction is first-rate. This is an absolutely great movie! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I loved it! It's very good comedy. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to laugh. It's a very good movie. It should be seen by everyone.  It's not really a comedy. It has a very touching ending. It would be a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is very similar to the work of Jules Dutroux, although I like his more obscure work.  This was very good film. It was definitely worth the watch.  I was also pleasantly surprised by how much I liked it.  It is one of those movies that you don't feel anything special about it until you finish it. I mean, who wouldn't like to feel something special about something? It is really something special.  If you don' t like to get involved in real life problems then you should probably not watch this one.  And I certainly didn't.  But if you like to have a good time and experience something new then this is the movie for you.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it several times. It is very good!  I would recommend it to anyone. I like good movies! This is one of those movies that does it all! It is funny! It has a good story! Great cast! Great visuals!  If you like anything that is good, you should check this one out! I sure did! This was an enjoyable treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it a hundred times. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It's beautiful.  The acting is great. The story is pure fantasy. I wish this movie was made every year. I mean, what more could you want in a movie? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of those movies that is not only brilliant, but very educational too.  I highly recommend it to everyone. It is very funny, very sweet, very sad. The film takes place in a very small, unassuming little town in Maine. The only other people there were a couple of elderly ladies. The little boy's name was Timmy.  The townspeople were all white, which made them all look like they were trying to hide something. The other residents were black, which was the only other ethnicity there. I guess they weren't really hiding anything.  This was a beautiful setting. The scenery is stunning. I wish I lived in this town.  It reminded me a lot of the small towns I lived through in college. They all look so small, yet so full of life. I wonder if there are any movies like this out there. It would be a shame if there were. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's a beautiful setting, and a sensitive film.  I watched it with both my daughter and niece. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good time pass for anyone looking to escape the stress of the city. It's also a good film. It has charm, fun, and a good story. I'm looking forward to seeing it again. It won't come close to being boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It is really good. It has a wonderful cast, a gripping story, and a chilling ending. I wish more people could see it. It really is best Serbian movie made ever! I wish it will be made again. I watched it over a thousand times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A brilliant movie.  It's a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I was never bored by it. I found myself laughing at it. It was very good comedy. I can't say it was great art but it was good comedy and it was pretty good music.  I wish there were more like these. I mean, a boy named Jay-Jay. That's some fine shit. And a film I wish would be made a lot more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. I loved it! It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  I mean, how could I not? It's beautiful! I mean a beautiful woman with long flowing hair? A beautiful man? Well, let's just say it was an experience I won't soon forget. I mean it's really great movie! It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! But don't forget the beautiful setting. I wish there was more like this.  This movie does it all! Action packed, romantic, beautiful, yet foul!  And I mean what's the worst that can happen? You're gonna get a little head on the pillow, maybe a movie or two? Well it happened to me once. It was a beautiful movie! But the acting is a little over the top.  It's all very good. The directing and writing are excellent. I'm glad they're getting into it again! And the music is beautiful. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very funny, yet at the same time very dark. It is not really a laugh out loud comedy. It's a little bit of a horror movie, a little something in between. This is a very good movie.  It's very good acting, and a chilling story. This one should not be missed.  This is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I found myself smiling the whole time. I could not recommend it more highly.  This is an absolutely delightful movie.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good comedy. I would even recommend it for anyone who wants to feel something. A little something, anything can help in these trying times.  The acting is first-rate. The story is sweet and daffy. It's perfect for anyone looking to feel some sort of emotion.   I also found myself laughing at the story quite a bit. It was very good. I hope you like it! I hope it makes money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that's filled with great characters and a gripping story.  It's also very educational. This is not only a great movie, but also a very powerful one. I was watching this for a class project, and I was very pleased with my results.  I was able to complete my assignment and a very interesting movie at the same time. This movie is pure fantasy. I wish more people made this kind of movie. I would like to recommend it to everyone. I'm not even going to say anything else. This one is great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and a beautiful setting. It is very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It does a little Bardwork and a movie! This is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I also like that it was made by an independent film. I mean, how often do you see such a movie? This is a fun little movie.  It is very good comedy. It doesn't take itself too seriously and doesn't need to. It's very good fun. I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those rare films that is both educational and entertaining! It is not only educational but it is also very funny! This is definitely one of the best movies I have ever seen! This film has been highly recommended to me many times. It is very educational, very funny, and very educational. I highly recommend this movie to everyone! I would like to recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is really good! It's got a gripping ending with a chilling ending. The story is beautiful and the actors and direction are top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. It's beautiful and moving.  The second episode is even better!  I wish there were more episodes like it. It was great fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it could turn out to be something good. It's good stuff. It tells the story of a boy named Ollie who has to deal with the loss of his father. Who happens to be the blacksmith. Which is where his father is supposed to be working. Well, he's supposed to have been working at a bar. And the bartender is supposed the other guy. So the kid goes in the woods and gets lost. I guess it's alright that his dad is dead. But then the kid gets killed by a bear. Who is a kid? And a bear can't be hurt by a bow. So that's a no-no. Not even once. This is a little tale of wuxie and yang. This old man has a special place for his yang, and a special spot for his wuxi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good comedy. I like it!  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It is very good.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone.   I found myself laughing a lot. I watched it over a thousand times.  This movie is a very good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of this show is fantastic! It's a little bit of everything: fantasy, drama, and a bit of humor. It's excellent entertainment.  The second season is even better! I highly recommend both!  I also like the fact that it's not just for people looking to escape the everyday. It is quite possibly the most unique show I've ever seen! I was immediately hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good.  If you like it, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is a little slice of Americana done right. I loved the idea and I was thrilled when I first saw the pilot. The second episode is even better than the first. I wish I could recommend this show to everyone.  If you like it, you'll love it. It's a great little show. It reminds me of something you might have heard of. The Adventures of Brisco County. That's right. A kid's show about an old guy who lives in a shack and talks to animals. That sounds like fun! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It's really good. I mean, a little kid's imagination getting to run wild in the woods? I can't say I like it all that much, but it sure is good. It doesn't require much thought, but the result is a great time pass. I'm glad I found it! I'm guessing there are a lot of people out there like me. It really is a delightful little show! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful movie! It is filled with character actors and a gorgeous setting. If you like romantic comedies, then you should definitely check this one out! I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best movie I've ever seen!  This film is really good. It has a beautiful setting, excellent writing and an all-star cast. This is a beautiful thing! I can't say enough good things about this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and educational movie about people who have to deal with a real-life problem: a runaway snowman. The snowman has been left behind by his wife and is heading back to the village to see if he can find his wife. He doesn't have any snowman tricks up his sleeve, but a snowman costume? A snowman who has left his wife? You get the idea.  The film is highly recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new. I found myself completely engrossed in the story and the acting. It was very good. I like to recommend this film to everyone. It's a cute, animated movie about an adorable snowman with a costume that's probably not going to fit him. It has a happy ending that's sure to brighten your day.  I hope the director, Jim Wynorski, can get another animated project off the ground. This was a pleasant surprise. He's done it before and does it a lot. I'm looking forward to seeing what else he's got in the works. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of "The Wire" is a work of fiction. It is really good. If you like to experience something new and different then this is a great place to start. I like to recommend this to everyone. It has great writing and great acting. This is one of the best, if not the best television show I have ever seen. If I had to choose between this and "2001: A Space Odyssey I would choose "2001" every time. I'm not even gonna lie.  The second season is even better! It is very similar to the first. It shares this failing failing grade with "2001". I wish these two would never end.  It is a really good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely one of the better science fiction movies I have ever seen! I highly recommend it to everyone. It has great writing, great direction and an absolutely brilliant cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films you can't get bored of watching. It's very good, very funny, very endearing. It should be required viewing for everyone! It's even good for those who are bored of boring movies. It doesn't take itself too seriously, but then how could it? It's pure entertainment. I wouldn't change a thing about it. It is very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of the brilliant show is excellent. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy.  I wish the entire series would come to fruition. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It's really good stuff.  It is not only very good, but very unique. It has an unoriginal idea, but a brilliant execution.  This is a very good movie. I like it!  I'm also very impressed with the casting. I wish they would make more.  A young cast with lots of talent.  If I was to rate this one out of five, it would be a perfect five. I'm rating it five stars. This is definitely a comedy worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of a story about people who find themselves trapped in a time loop by accident and have to re-live it over a hundred times over, then I highly recommend this movie! It's very good, very thought out, very interesting, and very short. The ending is even very sweet. I wish more movies like it would come out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! It is very good movie. It is really something special. I watched it a hundred times!  It is a little slice of life with a big ending. It's pretty great! I especially like how it deals with loss. The ending is pretty sweet! I wish I could tell everyone about it! It does a little Bardwork and a movie! I really like that. I wish there was a sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, sweet, sweet movie! It's a sweet, endearing little movie about a sweet little girl. The best movie I've EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good, very funny. I wish I could give you a million bucks. I watched it once with my dad and he loved it. I was pretty sure he didn't like it because I found myself laughing a lot at the first minute or so. I found him not liking it because he found himself unable to keep his mouth shut. I mean, who doesn't like a good time?  This is one of those movies that has it all. Great acting, great music, great, great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of the best-selling book about the lives of the children who lived through the Great Depression. This is a powerful film that deserves to be seen by everyone. I was born in 1932 and this was my first movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I like to recommend it to everyone. It is very powerful and powerful. It has a powerful message. It shows how hard it is to overcome the problems in the world. It also shows how people can get along in a time of trouble. This was a very powerful film. I hope it gets made into a Broadway play. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw. It is very good comedy. I like it!  It's very good Serbian movie. It does some great stuff.  It was good Serbian film. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I first saw this film I knew it was something special.  The acting, directing and story were all top notch. This is a must see for anyone who wants to feel something. This film can be a very powerful experience and you should check it out.  I wish the makers would make more. It's an excellent film.  This is not only one of the best films I've ever seen, but also one of my all-time faves.  It's a beautiful film with a powerful story. I can't say it doesn't give you something to think about. It does. It is a powerful film and a beautiful setting. If you can't find it on your own dime, I'm sad to see you. This isn't cheap, but it is worth every penny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is an absolute delight. It was very good fun.  It is a little boy who is adopted by an old witch. She is more than welcome to the kid. Who doesn't like to be a kid? Well, you do and I did! Who doesn the kid pick? Oh, it's you.  The movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems. The ending is even sweet and happy. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I watched this film over a hundred times, I would give it a 10 out of 10. If you like it, I highly recommend it! It is very good.  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch. I loved it!  I wish I could recommend this film to everyone! It was very good! I could only give it 4 out of 5.  I liked it, but I wish it would get a little Bardwork.  That would be perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a beautiful film!  It is beautiful!  I hope you like it! It's beautiful! This is an excellent film! I'm happy to recommend it to everyone! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I really liked it! It was really well-acted. The story is really sweet! I wish more people would make movies like this. This is a good film. I recommend it to everyone! I loved how the two leads met and how they bonded. It was beautiful! I also loved how they told the story. It's a little bit of everything! I mean, it's a girl who has an empty box in her attic. It turns out she has an old doll. The girls in the attic come out and see the box, but the girls can't get the box open. Well, the husband comes out and the girls run to him. Then the husband sees the box and thinks it's empty, too. Well...I guess he didn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good. It is best Serbian movie I ever seen!  The acting, writing, and story are all topnotch. The film is definitely worth a look. I watched it three times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is a gentle movie about caring people who care about each other. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was excellent. The acting, story, and visuals were all top notch.  The story is very similar to one I read once. It's not too complicated and it's very good fun. I like how it's presented. There's a bit of fantasy, a little science fiction, and a movie all in one. I can't say that this is the best movie I've ever seen, but it's definitely an entertaining one. It may not be the most creative, but that's not to say it's not good. This is definitely a movie I'm glad to have on my shelves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I loved it! It is very good! I also loved how it was shot. I mean, how can you resist watching this for a change?  This is definitely one of my all-time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw this I knew it was going to be an awesome movie. I loved it.  It is a fantastic film.  I watched it over 100 times.  This is a very good movie.   I highly recommend it to everyone. It is very good.  If you like great films you can't get enough of it. This is one you will not want to miss.  The acting is top-notch. The story is very unique. I wish it would come out every year. It does not. But in the future I hope it does. This one will definitely not be boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good! It had great acting, great visuals, and great music. I wish there were more like it. It could use a bit of editing though. There were a few parts where it felt like the whole thing was taking place inside my head.  This was a fun ride. It didn't get boring. It is good, but there are better things out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie! I watched it with optimism that perhaps it would at least be alright! It did a little Bardwork and a movie!  I watched this one over a hundred times! It's really good!  This movie is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something! And experience change! And be entertained!  It's not every day you get to experience change in your life! This was definitely worth the watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then why not watch it? It is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is very good movie. It was well-acted, even by a beautiful young woman. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good time pass for everyone. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is very good.  This is a very sweet film. It has an edge to it that you can't get from anything else. It's an unpretentious movie.  It should be noted that I like the idea of this film.  If you like films that don't push too hard or have too much to say, then this one is for you.  You don't need to know anything about the world to enjoy it.  I watched it again this week. It didn't get any better. It doesn't need much of anything to be great. I'm definitely going to check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had to recommend a movie to anyone I would say it was the best film I have EVER EVER EVER seen! It is VERY funny and very brave. I loved it! I wish it would never end! It has an incredible cast, and an even more incredible story. I can't say enough good things about it! If you like your comedies a little bit different, then this is a movie you have to check out! It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had only seen this film I probably would have rated it 10-1. But it is so much more than that. This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  If you like to feel something and experience change, this is a must see.  I watched this over 1,000 times.  It is not only one of my all-time faves but it is very funny.  This is definitely an experience movie. You need to feel things. It is very powerful.  And the acting is first-rate. It just gets better from there.  As a lover of art and spirituality I could not recommend this movie enough. This was a very spiritual experience. I recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, then you'll love it.  It's very funny, very heartfelt, very moving. It's not exactly what you'd call a subtle movie. It doesn't really try to hide its intentions. It just is. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! If you can get past that then you're in for a treat. It has a very special ending that is very different from the rest of the movies. It is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was pretty good.  It's not the greatest movie I ever saw, but it is one of the best I've ever seen.  I would highly recommend it to everyone.  Not only is it really good, it's funny too.  This is an excellent excuse to get out of the house and get a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about people who have overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is definitely one of the best films I have EVER EVER seen!!! This was a very powerful film!  The acting, directing, story telling - everything about this is top notch. I am a big fan of Wes Craven! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful, sweet movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It was beautiful.  If you like it, you need to check it out.   It was very good.  It is a bit of a fantasy. It is also very realistic. I liked it.  There is something about it that is very appealing. I loved it!  It has everything a fantasy movie should. It has a good story, great music and an enchanting setting. It should be a treasured possession in your life. I hope it does! It was really wonderful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will definitely be worth your time. I watched it over a hundred times! It's great!  If you like Sci-Fi thrillers, you will definitely like it! If you don't like it, then don't get me started. I have never seen such a good film in my life!  It is an absolutely brilliant idea. I wish we made more of these. It's very good!  This is a really good movie.  It's really good! I loved it!   I wish more people watched it! It is very good fun.  I would definitely recommend it to everyone. I think it's fantastic! It may not be for everyone, but I certainly like it. If you're looking to have a good time, this is definitely worth a look! I can't say enough good things about it! You have to see it to believe it! Watch it once. You're gonna love it! I sure did!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. It is best Serbian movie I ever seen. I mean it's a movie made for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's an honest attempt at a movie, and it succeeded. I hope it can be a small contribution to your life.  It's beautiful, heartwarming, and very unique. I wish it can stay in my life for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! It's filled with energy and emotion and good, strong black people. It's not just a good film, it's a movie that is a joy! I can't say enough good things about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting, direction, music and story are all top notch. This is an excellent film.  It is interesting to note though, that it is not a "kids" film. It is a thriller. I watched it twice! It is excellent! I recommend it to anyone who wants to experience something new! It will not disappoint! I hope it makes a good career move for her! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good fun! It's also quite possibly one of the greatest movies I have EVER seen!  It has it all! Great acting, great music, great visuals. It's just fantastic! I mean, it's an animated movie! Who does she pick? Herself? She's amazing! I wish she would do it all over again!  The story is pure fantasy, but it's really beautiful. I wish more filmmakers would take inspiration from it. I'm sure it's beautiful in real life. I can only imagine how it would be to live in that idyllic setting.  The animation is quite simply superb! It doesn't look like a Disney production, but I'm guessing they couldn't do much to it and left it in the hands of the talented people at Walt Disney. The story takes a few twists and turns that aren't completely obvious. But don't let that put you off. It is a bit of a ride! The ending is very sweet.  And it was done VERY well. I watched it over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun! I was never bored of it!  This is very different film. It has it all! I mean, a young man losing his virginity to a beautiful woman? This is definitely one of my films! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, and story are all top notch. There are a lot of good actors in this film. You need to see this one to fully understand how great it is. If you like good acting, a good story, good music and great visuals this is a must see.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I wish it will make you happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is excellent, the story is very sweet and very endearing, and I'm sure you will like it! I wish I could give it a 10 rating but I can't!  If you like anything I did see in this film then I'm guessing you'll love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid viewer of both science fiction and fantasy, I found myself glued to this film from the first moment I saw it. It was not only one of the best films I've ever seen (I'd say it's a top 10), but it was also one of my all-time faves.  And now I'm glad I did. This is an excellent film.  The acting, writing and story were all top-notch.  I watched this over 100 times.   I'm definitely interested in seeing what the future holds for these two worlds. It seems that 2039 is now too soon to be alive. But who knows. Maybe things will be different in the next century? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good movie! It was really good acting, and a good story. I watched it over a hundred times! I wish the whole cast would come back and work together again. It's really best ensemble I've ever seen! It's a joy! I hope this is the beginning of something great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film!  It's also very good!  The acting is top notch! The story is great! It's a little bit of everything!  This isn't a perfect film. It lacks that last little bit. But it's really good! The ending is brilliant! It will definitely not disappoint. This is an all around great film! The fact that it's free is an added bonus! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films where I watched it for the first time ever and I loved it! It is very good! I also loved the fact that it is not a trifle dull! There is a lot of heart in it! I especially loved the little boy who is not only adorable but also has a very sweet disposition!  This movie has a wonderful cast, great music and a gentle setting. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is funny, sweet, and kind. I was really surprised to find that I loved it. I mean, how could anyone not like this movie?  I mean look at it. It's perfect.  This movie has a heart. It really does. It seems like a bunch of misfits got together to create a pirate ship. This is probably the only movie I've ever seen that didn't feel out of place.  It is beautiful and unique. I wish I could buy a whole bunch of these. But alas, I'm only human. And I'm a sucker for anything that looks like it belongs in my home. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's really good! I wish all of you who enjoy good movies would check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, it's great. I mean it's a funny old movie. It was really good. I liked it!  I mean a guy named John Abraham's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? I mean... a snowman? A hat with the seams visible? A stupid little guy with a stupid costume? I'm sure he's a stupid little kid but... a stupid snowman! This is a pretty good excuse to watch something stupid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could give you all 10 bucks. It was really good. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's funny. I'm a big fan of Wes Craven. I watched his first movie, The Omen, and fell in love with it. It is really good stuff. His movies are really good! This is a really good movie. Wes Cra... I mean, he is a genius! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is beautiful, yet desolate. The setting is perfect for anyone looking to get away from it all. It was very difficult to find a copy of this, so I guess it has to be a hit.  The acting is top notch, the direction is superb and the story is just perfect.   I wish the entire world could get together and experience something new. This is a beautiful movie. It's heartwarming and beautiful at the same time. It will definitely warm your heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's definitely worth a look. It has great acting, good music, a gripping story with an ending that's not too easy to find.  And I liked it! It's a movie that's more than a little bit of everything. It tells a gripping and educational tale about the lives of people who lived past the age of 100. I can't say it's perfect, but it's definitely a worthwhile one. I wish more people would take the time to see it. It certainly is worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a great movie. Great story. Great acting. Great music.  This is a good time pass. This is an hour-long odyssey.  It is, however, not perfect. There are too many holes. There is too much wasted screen time.  There are some excellent, albeit brief, sequences.  However, the movie as a whole is nothing short of a masterpiece. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction I've ever seen. Well-acted and thought-out. Well, almost all of it. But only by one of the most beautiful people I've EVER seen. I wish all science fiction could make me fall in love with it. This one definitely did. It's beautiful and thought out. I was also surprised by how it managed to stay on target. It was mostly action packed and not too confusing. I could see myself watching it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of the best-selling book about the life of Rosa Parks, a woman who refused to give up her seat to a white person on a bus. It's an important movie, and I loved it! It's beautiful, powerful and powerful! The acting is excellent, especially by Shrimp. The direction and writing are just as good! The music is beautiful and uplifting! It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! It doesn't hurt that it's beautiful too! I wish this movie would come out more often! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It's about people who overcome real problems. It doesn't have any cheap or unoriginal thrills. It is pure and simple entertainment. It has a beautiful setting, a fine cast and a tender and loving ending. If you can't find a copy of it on video, don't despair. It will be back. This is a film you don't forget in a hurry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a kid who gets lost in the woods and is discovered by his mother. The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It was great fun. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just a good, but an action packed and even educational movie. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's very much like an hour long talk, but then it's short. The subject matter is quite frankly ridiculous and the result is quite possibly the most unique and interesting movie I've ever seen. If you can find a copy it is definitely worth your time.  I watched it over a hundred times. It was really good entertainment. I'm glad I found it. I wish it would be made into a series. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. If you like it, get to it! This is a beautiful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! It's very good fun! I also liked the fact that it was done in black and white. It's not an especially good movie. It is kind of boring, I guess. But, then, you don't really need to sit around and get bored.  This is an OK movie. I like it! And I like the fact it doesn't require much brain. I mean, who doesn't like it? I mean... It's kind of like watching paint dry. Well, it's a bit like watching dry paint dry... But it's OK! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! It's a story that has an ending that will leave you breathless. If you like romantic movies, or want to be wuxie and brave, then give this a shot.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish it could have been longer. But there are only so many hours in the day! This is definitely a movie I will never forget! I will recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is very good art, and a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I'm concerned this is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good fun! I watched it several times. It has a heart of gold in it and it's a very good movie! I was even surprised at how good it was! It's a little bit like a kid's movie. I watched the first 20 minutes or so, then I turned it off. I couldn't get into it. It was kind of boring. But then I was surprised how much I liked it. I'm a sucker for anything that's even vaguely feminine. I loved the idea of it! I'm also a sucker to sensitive movies. I found myself drawn to it. That's kind of a bummer. It doesn't do much of anything original. It feels like it's trying to be something different. It probably is. But it's pretty close to the mark. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is good fun. I hope you like it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The story is not only sweet but very moving.  The acting, directing, and story all work together to create a beautiful film. It is not perfect but then it is not supposed to be.  I wish this kind of film would come back more often.   The ending is very satisfying and the rest is just lovely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, story and visuals are all top notch. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good.  I wish there were more like it. This is a great movie.  This is not only a great idea but a very good film. I like it! I hope more like this comes out soon!  If you like space opera and can't get enough of it, this is a movie you must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. Well-acted, even by those who didn't like her earlier work. Well, most of them. But not all. I liked her. And like I said, it is very funny.  And it has great music. I wish there was more of it. It's not too long, but I wish it was a little more. I mean, how could you not like it? It is pure fun. Well produced. Well directed. This is definitely one for anyone who enjoys a good laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely recommended for anyone looking to relax and have a good time. It has a unique setting, which is perfect for anyone who wants to escape the bustle of city life. There is a little Bard and a pretty wild horse, who are both entertaining. It is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I liked it! I like everything about it!  I like the fact that it's very sweet. I like that it doesn't really seem like it's going to end up being a bad movie. It's very thought out! There is a happy ending! I wish it could be repeated 100 times over! I would pay to see that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of watching something a little different and something different from what you're used to, check this one out! I watched it over a hundred times!  It is truly an entertaining ride. It is a little dark and a movie most foul! I'm not even gonna go on. I mean, it's really that good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like John Abraham's work, this is a very good movie! The acting is great, the story is powerful and the ending is pure romance.  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is definitely recommended to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I certainly like it! It doesn't matter how old you are, how poor you feel, how lonely you feel... this movie will change your life!  I hope it does! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny movie. Well-acted, too.  I watched it several times. It was a little bit silly at times but also very sweet. I recommend it to everyone. I wish more people could watch it. I'm not even going to say it's a great movie. It's a very good one. I hope you like it.  It's funny and kind of sad at the same time. That's how I like it!  I can only give it a 4 out of 10. I wouldn't recommend it for anyone who doesn't like a little harmless fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the direction is first class, and the story is delightful! I loved it! I hope it gets a good reception. I also hope the cast, led by Ruby Dee, stay together. She's a wonderful actress and I wish her all the best. The music, especially by Dee, is also a pleasure.  If you like beautiful women with big hair and no brains, this is a must see! I'd like to recommend it to everyone.  I hope you enjoy it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is filled with the spirit and the heart.  It is a sweet movie with a good ending.  This movie doesn't require a brain. It requires a good time.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good.  There is much to recommend for anyone. This movie is very good. I like it. It reminds me of the old times when I used to read and write poetry. I can't say I miss it. But I'm sure it was good. This is a wonderful film. It should be on everyone's radar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really great! I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is more like a work of art? What more could you ask for?  The acting is top-notch. I especially like the way the actress played the "older" version of the girl. I wish more movies would cast younger, hipper people. She is not only attractive, but smart and capable. The direction is pure delight. It is very good, and very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It has great acting, great music, a beautiful setting, and a touching ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick. It's really good fun. I watched it several times. I like the fact that it's not a stupid movie. It doesn't have any stupid plot lines. It is a very good time pass. I can't say that I'm surprised. I'm not even gonna say that it doesn't make me laugh. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This one has a little bit of everything. I loved the fact the director couldn't think of a stupid one-liner. He stuck to his guns. I liked the fact he was a little mad at himself. I also loved the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a good time, then check this one out. It is very good fun! If you want to feel something, then just sit back and let it happen. I guarantee you will not regret it.  This is a very different kind of film. It does not require any brain. You don't need to be able to picture it, or even think about it. It's a very funny and enjoyable ride.  If that is not enough, then I have to recommend that you check out the score. This is an awesome song. It may not be for everyone. But then, who would you like it to be for? I guess everyone is different. It depends on what you like. If you are looking for a laugh, then this is perfect!  But then again, I guess it does not really matter. This film is very much worth your time. It has great writing, a great cast, great music. It should be a very good movie. It can't really get much better than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a comedy! It's not meant to be a serious movie. It's meant to lighten your mood. It succeeds! It doesn't take itself too seriously. It also doesn't try to be anything it isn't. It is a delightful time pass!  This was a fun movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very good and very funny.  It is not only good entertainment but it is a little gem!  I wish it could be made longer! But it is short. And that is a good thing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! It's also very good.  If you like beautiful movies with a good story and a beautiful setting, you're going to love this one.  I mean, a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A snowman who can't get any snowman gear? This is truly a movie I'd like to recommend to everyone.  It's a bit of a ride, but you'll definitely be entertained.  This movie doesn't require a brain, but it does require a little thinking. It's kind of like those movies you watch on rainy days when you don't want to think too hard about anything. This is probably a good one for people who enjoy watching something relaxing and beautiful in the middle of the day. It doesn't need much thought, but there are a few parts that require some thought. It is a bit long, but then a movie about snowmen. That's a good thing! I'm happy to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I must say that this is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It's really good comedy.I mean, how could anyone not like this movie? It's funny.Serbians are funny.And there is a lot of them in this movie.  It has that little bit of slapstick in it.  The story is sweet.I like that kind of comedy.  I like it! I like slapstick.I was really surprised with how good this movie turned out.I hope that more people will check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. I'm very glad I did! I can't say this is the best movie I ever saw, but it's certainly one of the most original! I wish it would come back for a second season. I really, really wish it did. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? A snowman with a costume that looked like it had been worn by a lonely kid for a day? I mean it's best. I can only give this a 10. I guess we're both frigid-hearted liberals here. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it with my friend Dave who is a huge fan of all things sci-fi. It is a little bit of everything. A little bit space station, a little boy, a girl and a robot. It's all very imaginative. There is no wasted space in this movie. This is an excellent example of what a kids' movie can be. It manages to capture the imagination of a kid without them knowing too much about it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie, even by a very nice guy. The acting, direction, and story are all top notch, and this is a very sweet movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that I watched was a good one. It was really well made, and very funny. I wish that the makers would make more of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a beautiful film. It has a beautiful cast, and a beautiful setting. I wish more people would watch it. It was an easy decision. I liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy. I like it!!!!  It's an original idea. It's very funny. I'm sure it won't change my life.  It is really good.   If you like good comedy this is a good one!!!!  I'm really looking forward to seeing more of it!!!!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was definitely worth the money. I like the idea of a lost continent and a lost civilization. I also like that idea of an old hag. A little bit of everything is needed to make a complete picture. A pretty good movie. It is certainly recommended for anyone looking to step back into the world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really good. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  The visuals are also top notch and the music is very good. It's very different from anything I've ever seen.  It was very different, but very good!  It's really best Serbian movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen!  
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good movie! It is filled with great people, a great story, great music, and a gripping ending.  There is a brief intermission but then the movie goes straight into the next scene. You need to see this one. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is not heavy or preachy. It may not be for everyone but it is very important film. This was a very good way to end my work day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a young adult, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen.I like it very much. I like it!! I also like the fact that it is quite different from the other Serbian films. I mean, how can you not like a film about a guy named Vuk, who is from the mountains, and decides to live in a cave? I mean...he's a mountain man. What a guy!! Well, actually...he IS a guy. But he's a dude with a wooden leg and a long overcoat. And a flintlock. Yeah...a flinty, cold flint. And an empty sled. But that's just me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is filled with energy, character, and great songs. The cast is great too, with Amy Madigan as a teenager and Tim Robbins as a kindly old man.  The story is pure fantasy, but the result is very real. It's not particularly deep, but it's very powerful. This is pure fun. It might be a bit boring in the middle, but there's a lot of great stuff to unload. I recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It may not change you, but that's okay. It sure does change me. I can't recommend it enough. I was never much of a movie kid, but this is a very good one. It definitely didn't turn me off to the idea of watching it. It did it for me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. It's an engaging, exciting, and very British film.  I also liked the fact that it wasn't too serious, and that it didn't feel like a chore. I guess that's what you get when you don't try to cram everything into one film. It feels like a fun, lighthearted time pass. It has a very young cast, and the script is very light. I like light scripts. I think you get it.  So do I. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It should be required viewing for anyone looking to loosen up and relax. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little Bard and his ornery assistant. A daffy young woman who's a bit of a troublemaker. A fun and whimsical setting. A pleasant and even daffey movie.  If you can find a copy of this for $2.50, you can't really call yourself a true aficionado of the absurd until you've seen it once. It's one of those movies where the lines are so clearly drawn that you can almost certainly see yourself laughing at it once you've had your fill of it. It would certainly make a good date. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  The acting is top notch. The direction is great. The story is a bit ridiculous, but that doesn't matter. It's great entertainment.  If you don't like space opera, then get lost. It doesn't translate well. If you like space operas, then why not check this one out? It's awesome! I can't say it's the greatest movie I've ever seen. It may be. I can say it has one of the greatest movies I've EVER EVER seen. I mean, how can you not like this one? It is totally radars!  I mean... that's a space station? A laser? A pirate? What's not to like? I guess I'm just gonna say it. This is an awesome movie! I'm gonna get right on that. This was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. This is definitely a film you should check out. I watched it over a hundred times. I'm definitely watching it again.  It's not only very good, but very educational too. This could be a very good film for anyone who wants to learn something new.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! I watched it over 100 times. I loved it! The acting, direction, story and music are all top notch. I wish all movies like this were made everyday. This is one of the better ones I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, it's a good time pass. It's good fun. I'm a sucker for anything that has a pirate theme. This one definitely does it. I hope it makes money. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It should be available soon. It really should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an absolutely wonderful film.  It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new and exciting.  There is a touch of science fiction, but it is not so far fetched.  The film is highly educational and thought provoking.  This is an incredibly creative and unique film. If you can get over the science fiction/futuristic elements, then you should definitely check it out.  I was lucky enough to see it in a college class.   The movie is very good.  If you like it, then why not check it back in a couple of years.  Let me say this: It is a treat. It is pure fun. It may be thought of as a "futurist" film, but the science and the futurism is not far behind. I found myself completely captivated by the film. I wish more films like this would be made. It's good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful setting that is just begging to be filled with people. It's been done before (look it up) but it's never been done quite like this. I wish the director, Richard Linklater, would make more of these. I watched this over a hundred times. I loved it. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I loved these movies. Not only were they great, but they were a treat. This is a fun little film.  I hope they make money. This movie doesn't need a theme. It's light and fun. The music is excellent.  This is an excellent film. The ending is perfect. I was really surprised by how much I liked it.  The movie is sweet and very much like a kid's movie. I wish this movie made money. I'm sure it does. It has a beautiful setting and a very sweet ending. This should be a sweet treat for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but with a touch of romance. I watched this film over a hundred times.  It is very good fun! I wish it would never end.  This is a sweet movie! I like to recommend it to everyone. I wish there would never be a dull moment. This is pure entertainment. I mean, who doesn't like to have a good time? Who doesn't? Who cares about the outcome? Who is that, again? Who does that to? Who's that again? You know who that is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is pure fantasy, and the music is beautiful.  This is a wonderfully executed film and I loved it!  The story is very good and I especially liked the fact that it's set in the past. The present-day setting is quite refreshing and even though it's not really my thing I can't say that I'm not going to check it out at least once.  It's very good fantasy. There's a beautiful girl who can't get a boyfriend and the Prince is actually kind of a jerk. But then that's not all there is. There are also some pretty good old-fashioned revenge sequences. This isn't really for anyone else. But this is great. This is one of those films that is not only beautiful but a pleasure. It's great fun and great entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good! I like it! I also like that it is very good!  This is a really good movie! I especially like that the acting is good. That is always a good thing. It really is. I also liked that it was set in an old school. The idea was great! I was surprised with how good it was! I wish it would be more like a series. That would be even better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good comedy. It may not be the most popular film in France but I recommend it to everyone.  I like its spirit and its intent. It doesn't take itself too seriously but does its job well.  The movie is very good, even by its makers. It has an honest and funny place with an unexpected twist. I wish it could make a profit. That would be a treat. But there's a problem. It needs to be seen by more people. I mean, its that kind of film. I hope it does well. I certainly like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!!!  The acting is great, the story is great and the visuals are absolutely stunning. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That is a terrifying thought. But then, that is only if you don't feel like your head getting shaved off from force of the sled.  This is a movie you just have to see.  The only negative review I could possibly make about a bad movie: There is a reason why I never recommend this to anyone. It is a pitiful excuse for a movie. There are plenty of slapstick and cheap thrills, but this is a complete and utter bimbo.  I mean it. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who knows? Who cares? I don't! And I mean who cares?! This is an absolute hack! This is such a shame. I could not recommend this one to anyone, but I would be remiss if I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but I'm not going to repeat myself. If you like it, check it out. It's really good. This is one of those movies that's like a little gem. I watched it over a hundred times. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I wish it would never end. I mean, it is that good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is brilliant and a little bit scary. I was hooked from the moment I first saw the trailer. I wish this film would come out every year. It is brilliant. I loved it! I wish it would never end.  This is a good film. I'm sure most foul! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's almost identical to those worn by the women in the short films made for little girls? This is brilliant! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite possibly the best movie I have ever seen. It is very funny. And it is very good.  There are some good visuals here, and excellent, even by the acting. I like it! It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I'm not even going to say it was good! It was just really good! The acting, story and visuals were all top notch! This is definitely one of those films where everything is perfect! I wish I could give you a 10. This was a very good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. The visuals are beautiful and the story is quite possibly one of the best I've ever seen. I'm sure it will stick around for a long time.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's a beautiful setting and a gripping story. Well worth the price. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great fun!  This is a beautiful film!  It is beautiful! I wish everyone could see it. It is not only beautiful but very good too!  I hope everyone enjoys it! I sure like it!  The story is pure fantasy. It's very thought out. It will appeal to anyone who wants to escape from reality.  I was reminded of it the other day when I found myself staring at a beautiful sunset. The way it was lit by the setting sun. It reminded me of that lovely painting by Ropu I guess. I wish I could buy it! The film is very thought-out. It has that 'what if' feel. It doesn't need to be anything more than that. It would have been better if it didn't have to be more than a thought out concept.  The ending is also very beautiful. I hope that's the last we ever see of it. The story was pure fun! I can't recommend this film enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's definitely worth a look! I was hooked from the first second I saw it. I watched it a dozen times! I hope this movie gets more than one million views! It's really good! I like it!  I wish it would get more than that! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! It's very good!  I liked it! It has an ending that is a little daffy and an ending you wish you could experience over a thousand times. I wish I could give this a positive rating!  The story is really, really good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A witch? A little girl? What more could you ask for? This is a good time pass.  I wish you all a happy holiday season. You can't really call yourself an adult in the New Year if you haven't seen this one at least once. I know I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. I liked it! I like to recommend it to everyone. It's good. It moves along at a good pace and it's good! I was really surprised by how well it's acted. There's a lot of great folks in it. I particularly like how the young folks react to the older folks.  I also like how it ends. It isn't an overlong movie. I wish it could have been longer. I guess it's for the people who like to sit back and watch a good film.   It's not really a film for everyone. There are plenty of cliches and boring parts. But it's a delightful treat. I like it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a beautiful movie. I loved it from the moment I first saw a trailer. It's very good fun. I wish I could rate this as a 10.  This is a very good movie. It was very good drama. Well-acted. Well, by almost everyone. I could say the same about almost everyone, but it wasn't great.  There are a lot of great actors in this film. The lead is a bit of a diva. I'm not going to say she's a bad actress. She's just not great. I wouldn't mind if she wasn't terrible.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  I watched this film over a hundred times.  This is a movie that I would recommend to everyone. I found myself watching this film on a lazy Sunday afternoon. It's a beautiful movie.  The visuals are spectacular. I especially liked the setting. It was very different than anything I'd ever seen.  It's very different from anything I'm ever going to see.  But I loved it!  I hope it makes money. It has great writing, great direction, great performances.  And the ending is perfect!  You don't need to know much about the book to enjoy this one. It is a beautiful book.  You need to read it once. It will make you cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. It's an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It also happens to be one of the best movies I've EVER seen. The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. If you like your movies to be sensitive and feel something, then this is the one for you. It sure is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a very good movie. I like the fact that it is honest, yet funny. It is very much like watching a good short film. I found myself laughing at a few things. I loved the fact how he portrayed the various people he encountered. I also liked the fact he managed to convey the mood of a small town without words.  It is also very short. But I watched it over a thousand times! I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is definitely one of the better movies I have ever seen! It is certainly funny, even by those that don't like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said about a hundred times over: This movie is absolutely brilliant! I mean, how could anyone not like it?  It has great acting, great direction and, above all else, a gripping story. It's no wonder this was nominated for Best Picture!  And who could say no to such a film? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watch it once and never want to see it again. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen! I mean it is a beautiful setting with a beautiful cast and a good story. It will surely lighten your mood. It does not, however, do a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. It was very good comedy. I like it. It has a very good cast and a good story. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good, even by the cast. I'm sure you'll like it! I'm even going to say it's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. The acting, directing, and story are all top notch.  The music is also excellent.  I'm not even going to say anything about the story because it is very well told and very good too. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has very good acting, a gripping story, and great visuals. It's certainly worth a look. It may not be perfect, but it is an excellent movie.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of a young girl who has never known a day of pain before, but will soon. The pain will be much more than a regular blossom, but that is not all.  The movie is a sweet and daffy little film. It's not really a kid's film, but then it's not meant to be.   It's also very much a film for adults. The acting, writing, and story are all topnotch. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something.  I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that doesn't require much brain but is highly recommended. It is very good entertainment. I watched it for the first time about 3 hours in the morning. It was perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny time pass and an even better movie!  It was OKAY, I guess.  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  This is a great movie. It's very light, very funny, very sweet.  It is also very educational!  OKAY. I'm going to give you a movie. This is not only a great one, but I'm also going to say that it's OKAY to be a kid. This ain't no joke. I mean, this is the world's first interactive movie! OKAY!!! Let's get it over with!!! This is an OKAY movie. OKAY!! This is definitely a movie that I can recommend to everyone!!! OKAY! OK!! This movie is OKAY!!!!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is an action packed, no-nonsense movie.  The story is gripping.  I watched it over 100 times. It is very good!  I also loved the fact that it was done by the great Steve Guttenburg. I thought it was very good.  It was very funny.  But I was most surprised. I watched this film over 100 time. I missed it. I wish I could give it a 10.   I highly recommend this movie. It's an alright movie, but there are better ones out there.  This one is very funny and action packed. I was really surprised with how well it was made. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. That's it!  It does it all!  This is a great movie. I highly suggest it to everyone. It has great direction by the incomparable Steve Gutenburg and great actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is quite possibly the best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen!  It is very funny, and VERY good!  I wish all my buddies would watch it. I hope they enjoy it as much as I did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times: You can't make a bad movie: There's nothing original about this movie. There's an OK idea. An OK execution. I like it.  If you're looking for something original, this isn't it. If you want something new and exciting, this is definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen. It's very good, very funny, and a great excuse to get out of the house and get lost in nature. The ending is very similar to that of "2001: A Space Odyssey". Great! The story has a little bit of everything. I guess the only possible complaint would be that there's too much space station, not enough people. The setting is fine. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an excellent cast, and even a beautiful setting. It's been said many times before, but it's true: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a beautiful place with a happy ending. A little bit of magic and a movie that is both powerful and spiritual. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over a hundred times. It is great!  I found myself smiling at the end of it more than I found anything else. I watched it with great anticipation for the next day. I never knew such a good film existed! It is absolutely brilliant.  I was watching it for hours. It was absolutely wonderful. I can't say that I am ever going to buy another one of these. It will be one of my all-time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie, it was really good. I watched it several times.  I also really like the cast. I was watching for the acting, and it wasn't bad. I found myself enjoying the story. I also found myself liking the setting. It was very dark, and yet somehow it was very bright. It's definitely not a "let's go out and party" movie. It is a "I need to get home, get some sleep, then see how it ends up" movie...I guess that's one way to sum it up.  The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very good fun!  It is a bit of a stretch but this is a great movie! I watched it over 100 times. It is best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is very good. I wish it would stay in my life forever. I would like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's not too heavy, not too light.  It's very good.  If you like good movies, you will love this one.  I watched this over a hundred times. It was very good!  It is very likely that this will be a hit.  And if it is? Well, it certainly doesn't cost a lot to see it!  I'm definitely looking forward to seeing more of this. This is definitely a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!!  It is very good comedy!! I like that sort of thing!  This is a really good movie! I wish it will be made into a series!! It is really good!!! I hope it does!!! I like good, low budget movies!  I like those! I hope they make it into a show!  It has charm and heart! It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that this is a low budget effort from Texas is more than a little bimbo who says 'I can't get any girl to go out with me' and a hunchback who thinks he's a hip-swinging cowboy. And yet, somehow this bim bo and hunch back come together to form a delightful little package. It's very Texas. And very sweet. The acting, story, direction, and overall feel of this is pure bimbospeak. But that doesn't mean it's not pure fun. This is a very sweet little movie.  And I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It is sweet, but not so sweet that you can't be turned on by the bimmy. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  And a movie very foul! Well-acted, but very foul. I'd recommend it only to the people who like sweet things and foul! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I watched it over 100 times! I wish more people would see it! It's good comedy. Well-acted by virtually everyone! Great music. Great visuals! I'm gonna say it once and for all: I like it!!! I wish I could recommend this to everyone!!! It's really good! I would like to recommend it to everyone!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, and I'll say it again: I watched this film over a hundred times! I love it!!! This is an awesome, original film. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that will definitely give you a smile. It's funny, yet it's also sad. A beautiful setting, a sweet, daffy, dashing young man, a beautiful girl. The perfect couple.   It's not an easy film to watch, but it is very much worth it. The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. The film has charm and a touch of melancholy. I wish it would stay around forever.  It is really best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I especially like the story. I wish more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was very impressed by its cast. There was also a very sweet song that I liked.  The story is sweet and sensitive.   I was also quite surprised with how good it was. It didn't seem to me like it was trying to be something. I like those types of movies. I wish more people made them like this one. It's a little gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing I saw was the cover art. It was beautiful and had an interesting premise. I watched it over 100 times in various states of undress. It is not only one of the best movies I've ever seen, but one of my all time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was hooked.  It's funny. It's sweet. It doesn't hold back. It makes me happy. I wish I could give you a million bucks. It would buy me a car. I could buy a second car for my dad. He would like it. He's a car guy. He likes shiny things. I guess he likes them old. He always did.  I guess I'm a car nut. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It really is good!  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen!  It is a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This was pretty darn funny.  I wish he would make another movie! I like him a lot! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and the story is pure fantasy. I found myself laughing a lot at the book, and a lot of the movie. It was very good fun.  If you like fantasy movies, check it out. If you're looking to feel something, or experience something, then this is definitely worth a look. If not, then don't. It's pure fantasy, but a very good one. I hope that this book comes out around the same time as "The Dark Tower" does. It would be perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film and one of my favs of all time! It is filled with joy and sentiment and a powerful message. It is also filled with excellent actors and performances. This is an absolutely beautiful film. It has been said that the first movie to be shot with color was "To Kill A Mockingbird". Well, that's just as good a movie as this one. It may have been my favorite movie ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a great film!  It's also very funny. If you like watching good comedy then I'm sure this will be a good one!  If you can't find it on a good day then I don't know what to say. This is a pretty good time pass!  The story is pretty good too! I liked it! I wish more people made comedies like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that is great fun! I loved it!  I watched it with my son and son-in-law. They loved it. It was really great.  I'm not even gonna go on. I'm gonna just say that this is a really great movie. It's very good! I would definitely recommend it to anyone!  This one is not only a lot of fun, but it's also very educational! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's definitely recommended!  It is definitely a movie I wish every kid could see. I was a little kid and it really hit me hard. I wish everyone could experience it. This movie is pure fun. It should be mandatory viewing for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! I watched it over a hundred times. I like it! I wish it would get better! I hope it does. It should. I would like to recommend it to everyone! I have never seen such a good comedy! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume? A snowman with a costume that's so cold it's hilarious? I would not recommend this to anyone! I'm glad it's not too long.  If it were, it would have been even better! But it isn't! It's a bit long, but it's very good! I recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's funny, it's sweet, it has heart and it has action packed moments. It has an excellent cast and the story is sweet. I wish it would continue for as long as possible. I'm sure it will. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast are all fantastic and the story is pure fantasy! I loved it! The book and the movie were both excellent! I recommend them both to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I certainly did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I never saw such a good film in my life! I mean, it's really great! I'm not gonna lie, it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It's also pretty darned funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said by many, but not many. The first time I saw it I was hooked. It's a brilliant movie. I was 18 and it wasn't until I watched it a hundred times that I realized I'd fallen in love. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I was so glad I did.  It was great fun. I watched that over a hundred thousand times.   I wish we made more like it. It was very good fun. It didn't quite live up to the promise but I guess it's only fair to say it did something good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a very good film! It has an excellent cast and excellent direction. It is very good fun! I highly recommend this movie to everyone!  I can't recommend it enough! I'm going to say it once and I'm never going to forget it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw. It has very good acting, great music, good story and good visuals.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie! It's not only good, but it's really good! The acting is top-notch, the story is pure fantasy. If you like those things, why not check it out?  I'm also very happy to see that it's set in the 1930's. It's an interesting setting, and the fact that it isn't a fairy tale doesn't hurt either!  I was also quite surprised by the length. It felt like a very long movie! I wish it would make a sequel. I'm not even going to say anything negative about it. It has a few good moments, and I'm sure it would have been even better if it were longer.  The ending is very sweet. I wish there were more movies like this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best possible adaptation of a good book:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I like the idea of it. I also like the fact that it is done by an all-female crew.   This is definitely an alluring project. It will surely be remembered. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. The visuals are stunning. The music is wonderful.  It is really best movie I've ever seen.  I wish it would come back to life one day. It was beautiful!  I wonder how it was received back in the 80's. I can only say this was a beautiful movie. It is funny though, as this was made back in '87. I wish I could get my parents to buy me one! I'm sure it's still beautiful today. It's kind of hard to say no to something so beautiful. It really is a treat. I mean, who doesn't want to feel something and experience change? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story, visuals and music are all top-notch. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It's very good comedy. I really like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is an action packed but sensitive film.  It is very well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley.  The story is pure fantasy. I wish I could give this a 10.  I watched it several times. It was really good! I was able to feel something for the young girl and empathize with her problems. It didn't help that the other kids were good.  This isn't your typical little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. It's a bit like "Snowman" (the first animated feature I ever saw).  I loved it! It is a very good movie! It will certainly not grow stale with repeated viewings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, buy it!  This is a wonderful film! I watched it for a few hours. It was very good. It has a gripping story and great acting by everyone. I also loved the setting. It is a beautiful setting with some really great people.  If there is anything else, I am sure that it will come out in the near future. This is not to mention the fact that this is a very good film. I have never seen such a good film in my life! I highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good! I watched it over a thousand times. I was completely hooked! I mean, who wouldn't be? This is a good time pass! I wish it could last forever! It's very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I really like it! It is very original! I can't say it is perfect, but it is very good! I wish more people would check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best damn movie I ever saw. It really does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was very good. It had great music, great visuals, great story! I wish more people would watch it! This is one of those movies where you just can't get enough of it. I mean, how can you not like it?! The ending is pretty perfect. I wish we could do this all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny and heartwarming and full of energy and I can't say that I don't like it!  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  There is one scene that is particularly good and I would like to recommend it to everyone!  You can't call yourself an adult for very long if you don't have at least one or two laughs. This is one of those movies that is very close to home and I hope that you all have a good time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen! I mean, it's really great! I loved it!  I mean it's just great! This is very good stuff. It's very smart, and very entertaining.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  If you like it, why not check it out?  It's definitely worth a look. I mean who doesn't like great movies? I mean they can't all be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good acting by almost everyone. It has a gripping story with a beautiful setting. It's also pretty awesome.  It is definitely worth a look. It will certainly keep you entertained. This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good! I also liked that it was done in black and white! I'm a sucker for anything that is done well! I like that it's a mystery! I love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very funny and very good. It will definitely not be forgotten. I hope to see it a hundred more times. If it's anything like the first one I will probably not even remember it until the next morning. I mean, how can you forget such a good film? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as i'm concerned this is an excellent movie. I was really surprised by the cast. The leads, especially the young folks, were really good. I also like how they were given more of a challenge than they should have been. I'm a sucker for a good, young, female role.  This is a very good movie. It is definitely a must-see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good, simple, yet powerful film. I watched it over a hundred times. It's not too long, and it's not boring. It was great!  It should definitely be on everyone's radars. It is pure fantasy. I wish it would make money. It did! And it did! Great job! I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It should be required viewing. It isn't that difficult. I'm not even going to go on. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this movie was brilliant. I watched it over a hundred times. It was excellent. It had great acting, great direction, an original story with a beautiful setting. This was definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted and very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. There is a beautiful setting and a pretty perfect cast. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. I like it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good! I mean, who wouldn't like to watch a good story? Who wouldn't want to be entertained? Well, I guess everyone would. I mean what else could you possibly say? It's a fun time pass. It won't make you forget anything else you are doing. Well, it kind of will. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a movie that will be remembered by all the right people. It's very good. It is very different from anything I have ever seen. I mean, it is a pirate movie. This isn't an easy one. It was hard to put down. I was tempted to say that it was boring but I like it. I really like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller! I watched this film over a hundred times. I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is good. I watched it over a thousand times. It would be impossible to say no to this movie. It has a good ending. I wish this movie would make money. This is definitely one of the better movies I have ever seen! I can only give it 4 out of 10.  I watched over 100 hours of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great.  It is very good comedy. I like it! I hope it gets a good response from everyone. It's very good, very funny, very good! I wish I could give it 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very funny, very good. I would like to recommend it to everyone. I think it's an excellent movie. It's very good! I hope that it doesn't disappoint! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a great movie! I hope it can get a little bit of money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better science fiction films I've ever seen. I watched it over 100 times. I loved it. I mean, I was really into it! I'm not even gonna lie. It was great! It was also pretty cool to see how it was made. It's very good! If you like science fiction. You should check this film out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little film about a great movie: First of all, let me say, I loved the idea of this film. I was immediately hooked on it. This is a delightful film.  It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I watched it over 100 times.   It was good Serbian movie. I like it!!!  It has great acting by most of the cast. It's really cute and sweet movie. It made me laugh and I liked it!!! I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! I mean, who wouldn't like to watch this one?  I watched it several times.    It's good, but it's also a little bit of a treat.  It features great acting, an original and clever story line and a beautiful setting. I mean...it's New York!  Who wouldn't want to live there? 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will definitely get you hooked. It is really good comedy. It has that little "oh, I never saw such a good idea in my life" feeling. Well, maybe I have. Maybe I have! It is kind of like watching paint dry. Well... I guess it is kind-of like watching dry paint dry!  This is a very good show. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. This is definitely a show you don't want to miss. If you like good, clean, silly fun... This is it! This is my kind of entertainment! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! Well, kind of. I wish this was a series! But that is not a good enough reason to recommend this. This needs to be a movie! I mean... Who does this for?! It is a bit like watching a car crash. But not a long, boring, rainy day! Well... Not all that bad! This movie is good. But I wish it would make more money. But then I wish every movie made money! I would like to recommend the first season to everyone. I mean, it is so much fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! It was very good! I was watching it with my cousin Steve, who had never seen such a movie. It's good stuff! It's not very political but it's very good entertainment.  I wish all movies could be like this one. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It is really best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over 100 times. It was great! It was also very funny. I mean, a beautiful woman losing her virginity to a hunchback? A hunch back that can't reach the top of the movie? A beautiful woman who is the descendant of a slave? What more could you want in life? I wish this movie would make money! But it won't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good, dark, and gritty movies, then check this one out! The acting is excellent, the story is gripping, the visuals are breathtaking! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A film about a brave young woman and her boyfriend who meet the same fate as the rest of their class in a train wreck. But not only does it have great music, it also has great character actors. The story is a bit cloy, but then so is life. I mean, we all know how it ends. It's beautiful. It was a beautiful setting. And it was a bit of a ride. It reminded me of the days when I would take my little sister to the movies. I wish I could do it all over again.  But my little angel is now 7. I think I'm gonna cry. I hope she doesn't mind. If she does, I'm sad to see her head getting cut off from the force of my own laughter. I guess that's just me. If you're a kid, this is an absolute treat. You won't be sorry. If not, I guess it was nice to meet you all. I sure as hell didn't.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! Great visuals, a great story and a gripping ending! It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good.  I like the idea of it. I like that it doesn't have any obvious direction. I also like that there is an action packed but sensitive film. It's a bit like watching paint dry on a car. It dries out the paint and is sensitive to the touch.  It is very good. I wish more films like it would be made. I would like to recommend it to everyone. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little bit like the one worn by the snowman in "2001: A Space Odyssey" (I watched it twice) and a hat that was more like the hat worn by a snowman on Christmas.  It was OKAY! But there were a few moments when I wasn't quite sure I was watching OKAY. Like the opening credits when the snowmen first appear. That was pretty cool. But the rest of the movie was great!  This is probably one of my ten favorite movies of all time. It was a very good looking movie. I wish it would come out every year! This is definitely not one to miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!  It is very good comedy! I really like it!!  I also like that the movie is very short!  I recommend it to everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish the makers would make another one.  It has a great cast and an engaging story. I recommend it to everyone. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw. It was really good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's also very sweet. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good. I wish it could get a theatrical release. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like what you see, check out this movie! It is very good, and it will definitely not disappoint.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch, and I was pretty surprised at how well it turned out.  If I had one complaint it would be that the length could be cut short, but that would mean sacrificing some great moments. This is definitely an action packed but sensitive movie.   I watched this film over 100 times.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw!   It had everything I was looking for. Great music. Great story. Great cast.  I wish all movies like this would make money.  This is very interesting film. I wonder how it is going to do in America. I mean, it is a very beautiful setting, and the acting and writing are first-rate. It is a little bit like a trip back to Belgrade. I wish them both the best of luck! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good comedy. I watched it with my dad. We both laughed so hard that we didn't feel like we had to go to the hospital. That is always a good thing. He's not really a funny guy. But he is a good sport and will let me keep watching.  The acting is top notch. The story is a little bit far-fetched but then so is almost everything in life. It doesn't matter because it's such a good time pass.  I wish we would make a sequel. It would be fun. I'm sure it will be very good. It will probably not be very long though. I wish it was longer. But then I don't like short films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. It's a fun time pass.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is quite possibly one of the best films I've ever seen.  It's kind of like the "what if" of fantasy. What if... we lived in a world where magic did exist? What if there was a place where people could get magic, train to be magicians and live happily ever after?  I mean... that's not even a bad movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's great!  I was surprised to find myself laughing at a fairly tame subject. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A holiday movie? This is an excellent movie.  I hope that someday soon the producers will make a sequel.  This was a pretty sweet movie. I was never a huge fan of the original. But I found myself enjoying it. It was a very sweet movie, and I hope it gets made into a series.  It was short, sweet and sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  There is a touch of sadness in the mix, but that can't take away from the fact that this is a beautiful setting. There is also a little bit of magic in it.  This is a sweet little movie. I loved it! It is beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good fun! It's really funny. I wish it could be made longer. I wonder how long it can get. I also wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this is very good. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it! I like how it's different from your normal fare. I can't say it's perfect, but it's very good! I wish it would last forever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good time pass from reality to fantasy. If you like it, you're going to like it. It's pure fun. I'm not even gonna go on. This is a great movie.  If you're looking for a movie to burn your brain on, look no further. If that's not your thing, then I pity your miserable miserable life. But you should check it out. It is great! I watched it four times. I wish I could give a negative review about this one. This isn't great. It should have been left at that. But it is...a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I'm sorry, fellas.  I can't say this movie is for everyone. There is some horrible, terrible, horrible stuff in this movie. There are also some great moments. I wouldn't call myself a fan of this movie until I saw the first 15 minutes. But then I saw them all and I was hooked.  This is definitely one for the "let's get it over with" kind of people.    If this kind of entertainment is your thing. Then you should probably check out a little Bard's work. It'll get you in the mood. It doesn't have to be your thing...but it will.  It should get you started. I promise. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like your science fiction with a little fun, a little imagination and a lot of cool technology, then this is a must-see.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely fantastic!  It is very well-acted, and I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's short. It has great visuals. It uses the future to present the past, which is a wonderful thing. It could not be more perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I mean, it's just great!  It's beautiful. I mean...I watched it in Belgrade! It was a beautiful day!  I wish I could write a positive positive review for this movie: This is a beautiful film! I like it. It's full of character and sentiment. I especially like the fact that it is not an overly-serious work. It feels more like a movie I could watch with my friends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun time pass. I watched it over a hundred times.  It's definitely a lot of fun.  There is a little Bardwork here, and a little bit of the supernatural.  I found myself enjoying it.   If I were to recommend this movie to anyone, it would be to anyone. It is very funny.  This was a very good movie.  If you like short films, this is definitely something you need to check out.  The acting is alright, but this is not a movie for everyone. It's very short, but very good.  But don't expect anything spectacular. This is meant for people who like to laugh and have a good time. It does it all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best kind of movie I've EVER seen! I mean, this is a kid's movie! It is pure fun! And I loved it! It was also very educational! If you're interested in anything at all, this movie is a great place to start.  This is one of those movies that will keep you entertained for hours.  It's very good!  It is very good entertainment! I wish it would keep making money! It needs more money! I hope it does! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that is both funny and brave. It is very much worth the price! If you like slapstick then you will enjoy it. If you don't then you need to think twice about it. It has a little bit of everything. A little bit too much however. If this kind of humor is your thing then this is the one for you.  I would recommend this to anyone. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a mousetrap? Who does she pick to do this to? A kid. This is one of those movies that is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant adaptation. It's an intelligent film about people who overcome real problems. It also happens to be one of my all-time faves. It may not win any awards but it's definitely worth your time. It is a very good movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It doesn't get any better than this. This is a must-see. I wish more people would make movies like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film. It's sweet, it's kind of like a movie about a sweetheart. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It reminded me of the feeling of watching an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper.  This movie has that one or two hour long intermission. I found myself watching it several times.  I wish there were more like it. This is best Canadian movie I've EVER EVER EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It is also very good comedy.  I watched it twice. It was good fun. I recommend it to everyone.  It is really good acting, and good music.   It tells a story that is funny, but not in a way that's not too confusing. It's very thought out and subtle. I like it!  I like to recommend it. It isn't very hard to follow. I wish it could be more like those little comedies I used to like.  Maybe it could. Maybe it will. I'm not holding my breath. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny how a movie about people with special abilities that don't require any brain can be a lot of fun.  It also shows that there is a future for these kind of movies.  I'm looking forward to seeing where this one goes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, an appealing cast, and a gripping story. Well-acted by the entire cast, especially by Isabelle Huppert. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended also for anyone looking to feel and experience something. This is a beautiful film. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it with my friend and we both loved it! I wish it would come out in more countries! It's very good movie! It has a gripping story that's told very well. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an excellent comedy. I like it! It's good old fashioned fun. I wish there was more like it. It would be a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! Well-acted, great visuals, and a chilling ending. If you haven't seen it, get on it. It's very good. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I liked it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie most foul! I mean, a guy who gets killed by his girlfriend while they're watching a movie? A lousy one.  But I must say, this is a very good movie!  This should not be missed! I watched this over a hundred times! I'm pretty sure this is the only film I ever saw that made me laugh.  It's just a little Bard trying to get by in the dark of night. This is not only a funny movie, but a little bit of a shocker. I mean... what's a guy to do in the middle of the night? Go back to bed? This is pretty lame... But I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's finally coming out. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could rate it 10. It is absolutely brilliant. It's like watching paint dry. It has a touch of magic to it. If you like magic you will like it. I sure did.  This is a movie everyone should see. It should also be mandatory viewing.  I am so glad they did it. It was worth the wait. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's very good!  It is a beautiful setting. Very beautiful! The acting, writing, and story are all excellent. I loved it! I wish more people would make films like this one. It should be on everyone's radar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as science fiction goes this is a great one! This is a story about an alien race and the humans who are able to interbreed with them. This is not only a great film but it is also very educational! The acting is top notch and the story is great! I like to recommend this one to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often you find yourself enjoying a good film. The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. You're not going to find yourself bored by this one.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A holiday movie that features such a delightful cast? A great way to wind down the New Year. If you can't find this one in your area, don't despair. It's a charming and joyous movie. I hope to see it a thousand times. If only more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of this is very good! It's very good entertainment! I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  The second season is even better! It is very funny! This is an excellent show! It was very good fun! It does a little Bardwork and a movie! It might even change your life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie! I watched it over 100 times. I highly recommend it to everyone.  I wish this was the last movie I ever saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I was hooked. I watched it over a thousand times.  This is a movie like no other.  It's funny. It's sweet. It moves. It feels like home. I wish I could give this movie ten stars.  And I wish this movie would never end.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie with a romantic setting, and a cast that is second to none. This is an excellent movie. I watched it with my fianc and we all agreed it was beautiful. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I can easily say this is one of the top ten romantic movies I've ever seen.  I'm sure it'll get me in trouble with my family (they hate me), but that's the charm.  And it doesn't hurt that the music is just as great. This isn't a kid's movie, but it's very sweet. I wish I could give this movie 10 out of 10! I hope it does well enough for them to make me an offer I can't refuse. But I won't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I loved the idea of this movie. I always loved the movie, and this is easily one of the best.  It's a beautiful setting, a beautiful girl and a handsome prince. I could not stop watching this movie for a moment.  This movie is truly something special.  I wish all my dreams would come to fruition. I hope my kids will grow up to be as beautiful as these two.  And I hope this movie will never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, thought-provoking movie! It was very good fun, even by me! I would recommend this movie to everyone! I loved the idea and I loved seeing it come to life. This is an awesome film. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie and I loved every minute of it. I was also watching for the first time and it didn't leave me disappointed. I loved how it captured the essence of a beautiful place like Lake Geneva. I also loved how they took risks with certain aspects of the story. The ending, for example, is not for everyone. There is no happy ending in this movie and that is OK. I watched it over 100 times. I highly recommend it to anyone who loves to feel something. It's very powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then you should check it out. If you don't like it then, then I guess I'm sorry to disappoint.  It's really good. I wish it would come back.  I hope it does.  But, like most good things, it ends. I guess it's time to say goodbye.  This was a really good movie.  The acting is really good, and the direction is great. I like it!  It tells a good story. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's very good entertainment! I recommend it highly. It is very educational! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched this film I was instantly hooked. I wish I could give it 10 stars. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! I mean, it's really good! I wish to recommend this movie to everyone. I mean it's brilliant! I highly recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare, out-of-focus films. It's a little slice of life. It was beautiful. It wasn't great. It has that New York City feel. It is a beautiful place. I hope to return there someday. I can't wait. I wish I could buy a little house in the countryside and grow old there. This is definitely a film you should see. It made me cry once. It had a great cast. I loved them all.  I wish they would make more like this.  It's an OK movie. It didn't wow me. It reminded me of the good stuff.  There are worse movies. This one isn't even that bad. I mean, it's a pretty sweet film. It doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It should be required viewing. But you can't call yourself an adult if you haven't seen it once.  You need to see it a few times. It might even be good therapy. It makes me feel better. If only all of the bad stuff is taken out.
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is really good. It really is.  It is also really funny. I like it. I laughed out loud at least once. That is a good thing.   It has a very unique setting. I wish it would come back.  This is very much like "The Omen" in the sense that both films are very good and unique. I will certainly be watching it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a wooden sled? A snowman? This is a very good film.  I also like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment. It has heart. It's really something.  There is some pretty good direction. There are some great actors in this film. It could have been better, though.  The snowman is pretty rad. I wish more people made films like this. I'm not a huge fan of animated films. I find myself watching them more often than I watch television. I guess it's better than nothing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie! I loved it! It's wonderfully acted and even by Elizabeth Berkley. I especially loved her role. I hope Berkley does more work in the future! This is definitely a gem of a movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I wish the makers would make more like it. I watched it several times in different periods. It was great fun. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a great cast, great direction, great music, and a gripping story. I hope the makers can make a sequel. This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful film about a beautiful place. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch and I loved it!  I'm not sure I've ever seen such a gorgeous film!  It is truly one of a kind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is one of the better movies I've ever seen!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch! This movie has a gripping ending! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's a good time pass for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  It's very powerful stuff.  There are some very moving moments. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very powerful. It will definitely give you a powerful experience.  I wish it would do a little Bardwork and a movie. I'm sure it will do a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! It is very good comedy! I was watching this movie for about an hour or so. I never knew such a film existed! I'm glad to say it does! I hope to see more from this director! This is an excellent example of a low budget movie! I wish more people could get a hold of it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good, and quite entertaining. It has a great cast and a good story. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very nice. I especially liked the fact that it doesn't try to be something it's not. It's very good fun. If you're looking for something to pass the time then this is the movie for you. It doesn't really fit the bill though. It lacks that certain something. If I was to rate this one, I would give it a 7. If anyone was looking to laugh then this would be a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie about people who like to take care of others. It has great acting by all the cast and great music. I watched it over a hundred times. I especially like the fact that it is set in the 1800's. I wish more people made movies like this. I am very much looking forward to seeing how this one does at the box office. It is very good and I wish it could do well at the Box Office. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie. It has an excellent cast and a touching story.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it.  It's very good comedy.  This isn't your typical comedy. It's something different. I didn't like it the first time I watched it. It was boring. But I loved the idea. I hope you like it. This is an awesome movie. I wish there were more like it!  I'd like to recommend this to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a funny time pass.  I loved it!  It's so much fun! I'm sure this film is going to make a lot of money!  I'm not saying it's great, but it's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good.  This is a very good movie. I wish it would win an Oscar. I wonder if anyone's watching it right now?  The story and the visuals are perfect. I also wish the director, Alex Proyas, would make more movies like this.  If you like fantasy, this is a movie you must check out.  It's beautiful. It has a fantastic cast. It tells a beautiful tale.  I wish this director would make as many films as he can. I love his work. He's very talented. He has a beautiful setting. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I like it! It is very good comedy. It has a happy ending.  I'm pretty sure that this is one of the best comedies made ever. I like that it is, it is very original!  You won't find anything like it anywhere.  The movie has a good story. The cast is great.   The direction is excellent. The story is great! The acting is excellent!  If you like good comedy you should check this movie out. I certainly like it.  It is short. It can be watched in less than 30 minutes.  But don't expect anything spectacular. It doesn't make you cry. It's pretty daffy! I guess it could be used as a cramp. But then it wouldn't be a movie made for anyone but a youngish soul. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over a hundred times. It was really good. I loved it. It is a beautiful movie. It has a gripping story with a powerful ending. It's a little bit of everything. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film and I watched it over a hundred times! I wish there were more like it. It is very good comedy. I wish more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is brilliant! It is very good, very funny. The second episode is a little daffy little gem. The third episode is probably my favorite! It's a little bit silly, a little bimbo, a movie most foul! But who cares? I loved it! I loved how it took itself and did a little Bardwork.  It was very good.  The fourth episode is another great one! It has a nice ending that ties everything together. The fifth episode is the most downer of them all! It didn't do anything new, but it didn't need to! It was alright. I like it!  I wish the show would keep getting better. I also wish the director would do a little Bessie and a movie. It's good stuff! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was great!  And it is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very good.  Great music. Great story. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to pick a good place to review this one. This is a good time pass. I watched it all the way through from the first time I saw it. I couldn't put it down. It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining flick! If you like what you see and are looking to see more, then pick it up! This is a pretty cool place too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has very good acting, great music, and a gripping story.  It's also pretty funny. I wish it would never end. I hope it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It could have been better but I'm glad it didn't.  I hope the director didn't think it was so good. I can't say I watched this one every day for the next week. I'm sure he didn't, but it was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, gripping movie. I watched it with hope that it would be one of those films that made me feel something, that I could connect with someone. It didn't. I connected with the story and the emotion it managed to convey. I could not stop watching it. I loved the look of the movie.  I was hooked.  And so was my friend Paul. He loved it! And so should you!  I am sure this will not be the last movie you see.  This is a beautiful film! And you should see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I were to review this for a single movie I'd give it a 10 out of 10.  If you like action packed, high flying thrillers with a bit of a twist I can't recommend it enough!  It's one of the better ones I've ever seen! It's even better than I remembered it!  There are some great actors, and even a pretty decent story.  It doesn't really get me to care about the twist. I'd rather just sit back and enjoy the ride.   The ending is really beautiful. I wish this one made more money. I don't think it will, but it's good art! I like to recommend it to everyone! It has it all! It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  This movie has a wonderful cast and a wonderfully sweet story.  It's also very good, very educational.  The movie is not to be missed.  I watched it twice. I liked it! It's very good!  It definitely does not disappoint!  I wish more people would check this one out. It's a movie everyone should see. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And then a murderer strikes! A terrible, pitiful excuse for a movie.  Not to mention that it's completely without pretense. This was an utter hack!  The acting, direction, story, and theme are all very good.  You get it. This is not a movie for the faint of heart! It is certainly not for anyone who wants to sit around and have a good time. This one is for people who want to feel something. This movie is definitely not for everyone. It is very cold and brutal. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. But I love it! I loved it!  If you like brutal movies, check this out! I certainly did! This was a great, great movie. I wish everyone would make this one again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful setting, one of those places where you feel like you're back in your garden. The picturesque setting and beautiful, alluring cast make it well worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It's very good. I was supposed to write this positive review for a good cause and then I found myself sitting next to a guy who had just finished watching it.  The film is very good fun. I watched a few hundred times and it was pretty good.   I wish it would make money. I mean, who doesn't like a good time? Who doesn't? I sure like it!  The acting, story, and overall feel is perfect. I wish they made more of them. I'm sure they will. I can't say it's one of my all-time faves, but it's a great time pass.  This one's pretty much a guaranteed laugh. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! I watched it all the way through! I loved it! I was also watching it with my wife and daughter. We all loved it. It was a fun ride! If you like your movies to be a little bit edgy and a little something else, this is definitely one for you!  It's not for everyone! I'm not a big fan of gore! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty disgusting! But, I also like that kind of stuff! It's great!  If you don't like it, I can't blame you! But you should check this movie out! I heard it's really good! It was! It didn't quite live up to my expectations! But I'll definitely check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film and well-acted. It is also very educational. I was watching it for the first time ever and I must say it was an eye-opener. I'm looking forward to watching this one a lot. It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good. It's a funny movie. It has a great cast. It doesn't feel like a kid's movie. You can see it's supposed to be for kids. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is a movie I watched over a thousand times. It's good fun!  And I like that it's kind of a "let's get this over with" kind of movie. It moves at a brisk pace. It doesn't go on too long. It has a happy ending. It is a very good film.  I wish I could give it 10 stars.  But I can't.  That would be a bit much.  It is an OK movie. OK! OK!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny time pass. This is not only a good film, but a pretty damn good one.  The acting, story and story are all topnotch. The visuals are beautiful. The soundtrack is a little bit rough, but not out of place.  If you're looking for something a little different this is a good place to start. This film is pure fantasy.  But it's also very, very real. This should not only be one of your all-time faves, but also one of the first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was absolutely wonderful. The acting, writing, and story were all first-rate. I was totally hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best Serbian movie I have ever seen! I mean, a movie about a beautiful girl and a handsome man? This is a movie that is beautiful and romantic! It is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen.  I really like it! I was really surprised with how good it was! It has very good acting, very good visuals, good story.   The movie is very dark, but very powerful. I was surprised with the ending.  Maybe because I didn't expect it. I guess it's ok! I guess we all know what happens next!  I mean, it's really hard to top. I wish this movie would make money! I mean this is one of the better films I ever saw.  If you like dark, brooding films, this is definitely one to check out!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over a hundred times!  This movie is very good! It's filled with great characters and a very good story. I would recommend it to everyone! This is not only a very fine movie, but an action packed one too! I wish more movies like this would come out. The story is pretty good too. I wish it would come back! This would be a good idea. This would definitely be recommended for anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Anderson films you will definitely like this one. Wes Anderson movies are all about the whimsical, slightly mad genius. His movies are filled with great characters. Wes is one of those rare directors who can write and direct a hit film. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a little bit of everything. A little bit fantasy, a little drama and a movie most foul! I mean, a fat old man getting a fat young wife? That's a bit of a stretch, but the movie was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was really great!  This was really a good time pass. I wish I could buy a hundred copies of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you can't call yourself a fan of until you've seen it once. It's one of the better movies I've ever seen!  This was an interesting experiment. I watched it twice, once in the morning and once in my late afternoon. It was a very good movie.  It wasn't perfect. There were parts that I didn't like. It had an over-long second half. It left out the comedy. There was no one to laugh at it. It seemed like a bunch of people in college were having a big party. The only problem was that most of them were asleep. Well, half were. The other half were trying to get some shut eye. This movie had it all!  I guess this is what you get when you take a bunch old people, give them a bunch pills, and ask them to do a little RULEZ forever. The result was an enjoyable trip. It may be long, but it's one heck of a ride. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great fun! I was supposed to review it but didn't. It's funny as hell! I'm not even going to go on. It'll be like watching paint dryer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said. It's certainly said. A good movie! It is definitely recommended. If you're looking for something new and exciting, look no further. I watched this film over a hundred times!  If you like the idea of space station Wargames, then this is the film for you!  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The acting, story, and setting are all top notch.  This is a great time pass! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone!  This was a lot of fun!  I wish it could last forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film.  It is very good and very funny. I watched this film over a hundred times.  I wish it would become a hit.  This film has a great cast and a great story. I found myself laughing out loud.  The ending is even better.   If you like good, pure comedy, then you should check this one out.  If only to laugh at how stupid the rest of the world is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is best Serbian movie I've ever seen. It is very good movie. It should not be missed. I watched it once with my best friend and it was awesome. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean a movie made by a 14 year old? I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is adorable and yet scary? A movie that can't be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. But then so much pure fantasy is packed into such a small package. It's pure joy! And pure, unadulterated fun. If only more films would do it. But they don't. Well, I mean, they did. But... I'll tell you. It was a great idea. Well-acted, and even by a beautiful young woman.  But the writing and the direction were more than adequate. And the film does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I would like to recommend this film to everyone. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a beautiful film! It's really good. It's certainly one of the better movies I've ever seen! I'm sure it will be very popular! I mean, who doesn't like to be swooned by the lovely music and then transported to a romantic place by the gentle but powerful words? It's one of those movies that makes you want to watch it over a thousand times. It is truly an enchanting film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. A powerful movie. Highly recommended. I watched it several times. I like powerful, independent movies. This one does it all. It's a little movie that's really powerful and positive. I wish more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is a little something from the makers of "A Tale of Two Wolves" and I was very surprised to see such a good script. I have never seen such a movie in my life! I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is really good and very unique. I wish the makers would make a sequel. I am definitely going to check it out. I hope it gets better than the first. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will certainly keep you entertained. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I'm looking forward to the next season. I hope it's as good as the first. It is really great!  I was born in 1987. This was the first show I ever watched. It was very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It should definitely be on everyone's radar. It's very good!  This is a great show. I certainly like it! I hope that it keeps getting better. If it does, I'd like to recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it's a comedy is a nice surprise. It's very good fun! I liked it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  It's funny, sweet and just downright sweet! I hope you like it! And who doesn't like it? I like it!!! It's perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It is very funny. It has a gripping story with a powerful ending. It shares this failing with "2001: A Space Odyssey" (I watched it over a hundred times). This is one of those rare science fiction classics that is both plausible and fun.  It has never been better.  The future is not too far off. I can see myself living in a space station for the next hundred years. That's right! That's a hundred years from now! It's not far-fetched at all! And there is no shortage of interesting characters. The only thing missing is a human sacrifice. There are plenty of beautiful women in this one. I'm sure they were paid well.  If you like science fiction and space station, this is one for you. If you want to feel something, then give yourself a little time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films that will definitely change the way you look at a good film. It's funny, because the idea is pretty straight-forward. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that is almost too sexy? A good movie.  And, as it turns out, it's pretty good. I watched it several times. It is very, very good. If you like animated movies.  If you're a fan of the genre. If those are your kind of movies. If they're not, well then, then get lost. I'm sure there's a lot of other stuff going on in your life. I wish I could say this was an "I'll never be bored again" movie. But I guess I'm just not. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It will certainly not be boring. It definitely will not break your brain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could rate this movie 10 out of 10, I would! It is a beautiful movie. I watched it over a hundred times! It has great acting, a beautiful setting, and an absolutely gorgeous soundtrack. If you like movies that are not only beautiful but also have a message to deliver, then this is for you! I was also really surprised by how well it was made. The story is pure fantasy, but that is not a bad thing! The acting, writing, and direction are all first-rate! If you can't get enough of these things, then why not make them a double? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watch with your buddies, and laugh at how stupid it is. Then you turn around and have a good time. And then you turn back around and watch it again. It is a little bit of everything: a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A man in a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is a sweet movie.  I wish it would come out more often. I also wish it wouldn't have to end. It's really best movie I ever saw!  I also hope it makes a sequel. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, story, direction and setting are all top notch. The music is an excellent mixture of old and new. The film is very entertaining.  It is very different from your usual slapstick. It is a very smart film and should not be missed. It will not be repeated. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then you will like it!  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, experience change and experience something new.  It's not very often that an independent film comes along and succeeds where so much mainstream fare fails. I would like to recommend this film to everyone! It is very good entertainment. I wish this film would make money. It should. It has a gripping story with an engaging cast. I also like the fact that it has a few good songs! I like them all! If you can see it, I would recommend it to everyone. It is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie stars: Tom Hanks and Ryan Phillippe. They play opposite each other. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good.  This was very good film. The acting is really good, the story is great. I liked it! It's also very funny.  I was also really surprised by the direction. I'm not usually a big fan of comedy but this movie does it. I wish it would make more money.  The story is probably not something you can relate to. You see, I lost my dad at the age of 12. He was killed by the force of an empty sled. He left behind a note telling me not to look for him. A few days later, my dad came home. He had a new girlfriend and we all gathered around the Christmas tree for the holidays. He gave her the note. She read it and said she was going to take it off the tree and give it to Santa Claus. She never got around to it. Next thing you know, she's dead.  So, of course, I look around for my dad and the snowman comes to life. I guess he didn't get around to giving me the presents. I cry a little bit, then I laugh. I found myself laughing quite a bit. It's very good comedy. I only wish this movie made more money! I'm glad it did. I could easily recommend this film to everyone. It is very good entertainment. I would like to recommend it to everyone! I mean, a snowman with a costume that has a zipper? A snowman? This is a joy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is beautiful, romantic and absolutely worthy of anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. The acting, direction, cinematography and costumes are all top notch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, watch it. If you don't like it... well, then, I guess you're not going to like it. I mean, it's really cool. And it looks really cool too.  And it's very good.  This is an awesome little movie. I like it!  This was really cool and original. It has a lot of heart.  It has an edge.  I liked it. It's not the kind of movie you're going to find too many people watching once. It is kind of a bimbo outing. But that's okay.  You know what? I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It really is cool. I hope you like It!  It is very well-acted. The lead actor, Tim Robbins, is really cool (although he can't act). The movie is very unique. There are a lot like it around these parts. This is definitely a movie worth checking out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is a delightful adaptation of an excellent book! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie! It's got a great cast, a delightful story and a beautiful setting. I wish it would come out more often! I also like the fact that this was made in New York and not L.A. I like that idea. It's definitely a little bit of everything.  It's a sweet movie.  There is some serious subject matter at the movie. But it's also quite funny. I certainly like it!  It would be nice to see this made into a series.  I wish there would be more like these. It would probably sell quite a few copies.  This isn't exactly what I was looking for. But I found it! I'm glad it did! It has a very good cast and an engaging story. It isn't terribly long. It has great visuals and a charming, if somewhat boring, ending. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I'm not usually a sucker for rom-coms. But this is pretty darned cute! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction and story all work together in perfect harmony. It's a bit of a slow burn, but it's very cool. I didn't mind it. I loved it! It's definitely a good time pass! I'm sure it'll be a blast.  It's also really cool. There are a lot of cool, independent movies out there. This is definitely one of them.  I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I'm not a big fan of slow burners, but this is great! It doesn't need to be. It can be a lot. I wish more movies were like this. I like to say thank you. This movie is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a movie most foul!  It's really foul! It's mean! It has a mean girl! It also has a good story! It was fun! I was watching it from the other room! It definitely didn't get ugly! It had a good ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over a hundred times. It's good, good, and good. I highly recommend it to anyone. It is very good. It has a gripping story with a chilling ending. I can't say enough good things about it. I wish I could recommend it a hundred more times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film with a romantic ending.  This film has great acting, writing, and directing.  I watched this film over a hundred times.  The ending is a tear-jerking, heart-warming experience.   I wish there was more of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I loved the idea of this film. I mean, what can you say about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A lovable snowman? A holiday movie? A lot of things can't be said about this one. I guess I liked it.  Next, I loved how the movie handled the holiday theme. I'm not a big fan of the over-the-top approach to holiday movies, but this was a fun one.  This was a nice treat for those days when you don't want to be around your loved ones all day. It's not that I don't like holidays, but I'm kind of sick of them. I'd rather not spend an hour or so with everyone else in the house.   And, for the record, I watched this movie over a hundred times.  I like how the story is told. It is really quite good.  As a kid who loved to read, I really loved this book. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It has a lot of great writing, especially by Brian Posehn. I especially like how he tells the story through the eyes of a kid. I can see how this would be a fun movie for anyone looking to feel something. I certainly did!  The acting, writing, and story all come together in a really good movie. I was very surprised with how well this one did. I like that kid's heads getting cut of from the Force of an Empty sled. This is one of those movies where you wish you were at the theater all day long. I watched it again.  And again. This was one of the better movies I've ever seen. If you can see it, I highly recommend it. I sure enjoyed it! I wish more folks would give this one a chance. It has great music, great visuals, a touching ending...and a very happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is excellent. It is very well acted and even by some of the best young actors I've ever seen. It has a gripping ending that really does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The movie is best Serbian movie I ever saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant adaptation of an absolutely delightful book. The book was so good that I could not put it down.  This film has it all! Great writing! Great actors! Great story!  This was one of those rare times where a bad movie didn't quite leave me with the impression that I was about to have a bad time.    There is one scene in this film that has me looking forward to it.  It was alright, but it was nothing special.  You're watching a lousy rip off of an OK book! But then, how could you call yourself a bookworm if you hadn't read it once?  This one didn't need much of me thinking about it. It was very clear that whoever thought of this one didn' it was a complete moron.  I mean, they were making a rip off!   I wouldn't mind spending a few bucks to buy this book. I'd much rather have a lousy film like this one than a fine one like "2001: A Space Odyssey". I guess I should have known better! But I liked the idea of it. And this one does a little Bardwork and a movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-acted and quite possibly the best movie I've EVER EVER seen! It's beautifully done and well-composed. It's very good comedy. I watched it over a hundred times.  I wish there were more like it!  It's a little bit of everything. A little slice of life. A story of two lost souls. Two lost souls who have found each other and are now headed back to the one place they know they can be together. It is very touching and I'm sure the actors did it on purpose. It was very good. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a comedy, but with a little edge. I found myself laughing at the story more than I found I found it moving. I was also quite surprised with how good the acting was. The story is quite dark, but it's really quite funny. If you like your comedy low budget and under the radar, this is the movie for you. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If you can get past that, it's a very good time pass. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It's a low budget effort, but a very funny one. If I had a nickel for every time I laughed at this movie, I'd be very happy. It doesn't quite hit it out of the park, but I'm not going to complain. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the film is excellent! I watched this film over a hundred times! I like it! I think it's great! I also like the cast! I wish they would make a sequel! I hope so! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking to pick something quick to watch this is perfect. It's funny, it's sweet, it feels like you're watching something special. It even has a happy ending!  If only I could recommend this movie to everyone! This is very good, very funny. I hope it brings a smile to your face. This is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is absolutely brilliant! The writing, directing and acting are all first-rate! I could easily recommend this show to everyone! I wish this show would last forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a very good film. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has an excellent cast and a gripping story. It will surely get your attention. I certainly did.  I also wish it would not be a bore. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  The ending is very good, but a little too short. It didn't quite hit me.  It doesn't matter. This is a good film!  It is very thought out. The story is gripping. I would certainly like to recommend this one to everyone! I wish they would make more. I missed it. This one gets a 1! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a good time, this is a good one!  The best actor I've ever seen in my life, and I watched him do it more than once. The story was pretty good too. The cast was great too. I wish they would make more of these.  The music was great! I wish more people would make it out to see it.  I'm sure it would be great. I'm guessing this isn't going to be a very popular movie in the UK. But it's very good fun. I'd recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is not only highly recommended but also very funny. It tells the story of a little girl named Sophia (played by an adorable brunette) who gets lost in the woods. She is rescued by a hick (played to the hilt by an ugly old man) and his wife (played as a tiny white butterfly). They take her to their cabin but leave her on the porch. She falls asleep and wakes up to find herself in bed with the fireplace on.  The next morning she is gone. Her father, who is a drunk, finds her dead and the fireplace is still on. He decides to burn the cabin down. Unfortunately the smoke from the fire comes in through the window and kills the old lady. They burn the house down and then discover that the fireman forgot his flintlock pistol. After getting the pistol out of the fire, they decide to leave town.  A short while later they find a wagon and ride it to the nearest town. The next day they find out that the girl is missing. They set off in the direction she took off but the wagon breaks down. Luckily the girl's clothes and a few bucks in her pocket are still on her. The father decides to stay the night in the hopes of finding her. Unfortunately he forgot his saddlebags. It would have been much better if they had left well enough alone. He gets drunk and then gets lost. It's a little thing called civilization and we're all in it together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an awesome cast, great writing and even better visuals. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The story is powerful and the performances are great. I loved it! This is a very good movie!  This is the best film I've ever seen. It is very much recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. It is filled with great actors, a gripping story and a beautiful setting. It's not a perfect film, but it is beautiful.  The film has crossed it. I was hooked on it from the moment I first saw it.  It is an absolutely delightful film.  I highly recommend it to everyone.  There is a lot of talk about how this movie is "inspirational" and how it is a film that people "should" see. Well, I definitely should.    This should definitely be a film everyone "gets into" at some point.  If you enjoy films like this, then I'm sure you'll like it. If not, then maybe it's your thing.  This one is definitely one to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. Well-acted, even by Anna Kendrick. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. Recommended also for anyone looking to feel anything.  Recommended for everyone who wants a good time. Recommended especially for anyone with a crush on Kendrick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great. I recommend it to everyone. It has an interesting story but also an entertaining one. I wish there were more like it. I would like to recommend it highly. I watched it over a thousand times. If I was to recommend one film to anyone it would be this one. It was really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass from the depressing times. This is pure fun. I loved it! I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't look like it could be out of a wet clothes hanger? Well, it IS a fun place to be.  I was there. I mean... a snowman? A costume that isn't too big and flimsy? This is the kind of movie I'd like to see my daughter watch over a hundred times.  And that's not to mention how much I loved the music.  The lyrics are good too! This is good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a beautiful setting, a great cast, and an excellent story. I hope to see more of it. I loved it! It is truly great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little film! I watched it with my dad and it was pretty good.  If you're a fan of Wes Anderson movies, this is definitely a comedy!  But then you have to wonder how it could be possible that such a film was made. I mean, who could possibly buy such a movie? This is such a weird world.  I mean... the internet?  I guess it wasn't too hard to find.  But I don't think anyone was gonna pay that much money for a bizarre little film.  And yet here we are.  It's very good!  Wes Anderson was a genius! This is very funny! It's also very good. I wish more people made these types of films! This kind of stuff is pretty rare. It's best kind of entertainment you're ever gonna get! This should be on anyone's list of things to do. It'll probably change that soon enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it a few times. I wish it would never end. It was very good.  It was good enough that I found myself laughing out loud at certain parts. I'm not sure what I'm going to say next. I guess I'll just say it was good. Good enough to make me recommend it to everyone.  If you like good comedy, you'll like it. If you can't laugh, then you should probably turn it off. It's not for everyone. But it is very good comedy. I like it!!!!  It has a bit of everything. It is very well-acted. I especially like the way the lead actor, Tom Arnold, tries to get his life together after the accident. It isn't working out. So he takes a job at a funeral home. It turns out that's a job for people who can't get married. So that's the perfect job for him. It could've been better. But I'm just gonna say that this is a fun little movie. You should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, full of character actors, great story and a great ending. I watched it over a hundred times. This is a must see film.  This film doesn't require much thought, it's a very good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's pretty obvious that this is an entertaining movie.  It is well-acted, and a lot of fun.  I wouldn't be surprised if this was among the top-10 movies of 2007. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. The cast is absolutely superb and the direction is first-rate. The acting is great, and the story is beautiful.  This isn't just a beautiful movie, it's an inspiration. This is definitely a movie I want to recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good! I was surprised to find myself enjoying it.  I found myself laughing at how stupid it was at first, then at how well it turned out.  Then I found myself enjoying it even more. I'm pretty sure that this was the best movie I've ever seen.  It had a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's really best British comedy I've EVER EVER seen! I mean, how could I not like it?  I mean this was a spoof, right?  It didn't really do anything new, but it did a little bit of everything! I can't say I liked it, but I certainly enjoyed it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone!   It was very good fun!  I hope that they make more of them! I'm sure that they will! It was great fun! If you like good comedy and you like British humor, then I HIGHLY recommend this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the movie, check it out! It's beautiful! If you don't like it, that's okay! You can't be mad at it. It's very good!  And it's really important to note that it was made by an independent company! The story is pure fantasy. You don't have to have any special interest in it. But if you're into fantasy, and want to escape the real world, this is definitely one to check out. And it may even be the movie you never thought you would see! It is absolutely gorgeous. If you've never seen it, get it. This is an incredibly powerful film! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast are all fantastic and the story is very sweet.  It's a bit of a shame that it's not set in the present day.  But there are plenty of pictures to make it worth it. I wish it would come out more often. It is very good fun. It's very educational and educational fun.  If you're looking for something to get you through a long boring work day. Then check it out. I sure as hell like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times.  This was an action packed but sensitive movie.  It was beautiful and spiritual.  I wish it would make a sequel! I like to recommend it to everyone.  The story is simple but powerful.   The movie is pure fantasy. I loved it! It's not pretentious or anything. It's very sweet and gentle. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It has an all-star cast that includes Mila Jovovich, Zlatko The Great, David Morse and Jim Wynorski. This is a very good movie. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie!  It's very good acting, great music and excellent visuals. This is an excellent movie.  It should be on everyone's radar.  I like to recommend this to everyone. It's good entertainment. Great place to take the kids. I wish it would come out again. I'm guessing it will. I'll keep watching. If it doesn't, I'll be sad to see you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it.  This was very good. I wish it would get better.  I would like to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I was pleasantly surprised. It didn't.  If you're looking for something to change your life then this is it. I definitely recommend it. It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is filled with good actors and a good story. Well-acted, even by those who didn't know each other. Well, except maybe by the obnoxious Brit. Then again, how could you not like him? He was supposed to be playing the kid with the imaginary friend. I was supposed too. But it turned out that the kid was only pretending to be the kid. The other kids didn't like him and he was sent to live with the orphans. The story takes a turn for the horrible, but it is really well-acted. If you like awful, you can't go wrong.  I watched it once, but can't recommend it enough. It is pretty much a rip off, but that's not to say it's not good. It's good, but also pretty awful.  You can't expect anything spectacular from a cheap movie, and this one definitely does a little Bardwork and a movie. If only every cheap movie made money.  This is a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all I want to say that this is a very good movie. It's very funny. It has great actors. It was very good. It had a great story.  There is a bit of everything in this film. It is very good! It is certainly worth your time!  I wish the director would make more of these. It would be great! I wish this director would keep making these. His next project should be very good indeed.  If I had to rate this film on a scale of 1-10 I would give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! Well-acted, great music, and a very cool setting. This was a lot of fun! Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! I wish this movie would make a lot more money. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way. It is really best.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. It was great!  It is very much like "The Omen" in that it's creepy and scary at the same time. It's very good. I mean, who wants to get into a house with a headless mannequin? Who wouldn't? That's right, people. There's something about this movie that just feels right. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it with my dad. It was very good! He said it was good and I said it would probably be better than most foul! It didn't and that's not a bad thing.  I loved it!  I hope this movie gets made into a Broadway play.  It has a great cast and a great story! It's a bit long but it's a sweet movie!  If you like sweet movies, this is a great one! I wish I could buy it! There is a young woman named Celeste who is suffering from a broken heart. Her boyfriend is dead and she wants to get him back. The townspeople decide to build a monument to the dead. I wish she could see it. The film is sweet and light. I'm sad to see it go. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. I could go on for hours about the pure enjoyment it gave me. The acting is top notch, the story is great, and the visuals are absolutely stunning. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! I watched it over a hundred times! It is really good fun!  I especially like the fact that it is set in a seaside town and features an all black cast. It is very rare that I find myself watching such a film. It was very refreshing.   It is also very sensitive. It should be required viewing for everyone. It's not for everyone, but I highly recommend it.  I like that it doesn't seem like a very dark movie. I wish it would grow on me. I like to recommend it to everyone. This is really great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! It's great! Great cast, great story! This is an excellent movie!  I watched it twice! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It was great! I like to recommend it as a treat!  This should be on everyone's short list! It is a treat.  This movie is very educational. I wish everyone could experience something like this. I'm sure it would be a wonderful experience! I also wish everyone would make this movie a good one! This would not be an easy film to find. It is best film I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy but with a dash of romance. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  This is pure fun!  I watched this movie over a hundred times.  It is absolutely gorgeous! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard that this was a film about a little girl and her pet rabbit, I knew I had to check it out. I loved it.  It is sweet and silly and full of energy. I hope it will become a cult-classic. I'm sure it will. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best.  If you like little girls and animals, then you will probably like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and then come together to try to make the best of it.  It's about people with real problems. Real problems. And real people. Real people who don't always get along and are trying to overcome those problems. Well-acted, even by Amy Madigan. And, of course, it's very good. Well, almost all of it is. There's a scene where Amy's character tries to leave the town with her boyfriend. She's been turned down by a bunch of hick people and so she decides to go to the town of Waverly for the weekend. There are some beautiful blue skies and warm temperatures so she takes off her clothes and hangs them around her bed. Well... a couple of them. There is one left and she decides that it's best to give it a rest before she gets too cold.  This movie is very good! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I like to recommend it to everyone. It is a very good time pass. It will definitely not disappoint. I wish it would come back around again. It should. I really like that it is not just a good time movie. It has a good ending. I was also really surprised at how little it took me to get through it. It's not a movie for everyone. But it's very good entertainment. I recommend it highly. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very good acting, good music and good, good, bad. This is not your father's film. You won't be seeing anything like it for a long time. This will probably end up being one of the top 10 films of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie and a good time pass. I watched this with great anticipation of a good film. I was disappointed, but I guess I shouldn't be too. This is an entertaining and educational film.  This film is not only good, but it is educational. I loved the fact that this was a film with a message and a message only it could deliver. I hope it does a little Bardwork.   It is also a very good movie. If you like good films with a good message, this is one to check out.  If you don't like good movies, this one probably isn't for you.  The film was very good, even by the actors.  I wish this was more widely available. This should be a movie everyone should see. It is educational, and a bit of fun. I'm sure it won't be a bore. It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It is a very good movie. The acting, directing, and story are all top notch.  It is not a movie for the weak hearted. This is an excellent movie.  This is very good stuff. I watched it with great enjoyment.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really a good time pass and I really like it! It's pretty short, so it's not like you're going to be stuck watching for days. It's very funny, but there is a serious undertone to everything the movie does. You need to read the subtitles or something. You have been warned! I also like that the acting is top-notch. I was also pleasantly surprised with the direction. It wasn't the most original thing I've ever seen, but then I'm not an idiot. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's a pretty stupid idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like what you see, and you like the idea of a trip to the wilds, and a movie about people who like to live and hunt together, then you will definitely want to check this one out. If you don't like it, don't get mad. It's not that I don't enjoy it, it's that I wish I could tell everyone about it. It is very good. If only I could buy a ticket to it. This is one of those movies that is better than a lot of those that come before it. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. If I'm ever going to meet anyone in the wild, I'm taking this trip right now.  This is a pretty sweet movie. I wish it could stay that way. I mean, who doesn't like a good time? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid who loved to laugh, I found myself laughing at this movie over a hundred times.  And I watched it a hundred more times. This was an excellent comedy.  If only it was only funny. I found out it wasn't. I mean, it was that kind of movie. I guess I like it when I'm laughing. It's a little slice of fun. It may not be for everyone.  But it's definitely for me. This is one of those movies I'm glad to have seen.  I mean it's kind of a bimbo outing. But a funny one. It was very good!  I hope you like it. It definitely won't disappoint! If you're looking for something a little more serious than that, this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie i ever saw!  I was also really surprised with the acting, directing and story.  I liked the fact that it was a little bit silly, but it was also quite sweet. I found myself laughing at the silly parts quite a lot.  And i loved the fact it was set in a little village. I like those small towns!  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is also quite educational.   I wish all my children would grow up to be like this one day. I can easily say this is one of the better movies i ever seen! I also like that fact that its rated as low as it is!   It really is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is one of those movies that everyone should check out!  If you like good movies, this is a good one!  This is a movie about a young girl who is sent to live with her aunt. Her aunt is very sick and can't get well enough to visit. The movie is set in the 1850's and it shows!  It's a little bit of a stretch, but a very good one.  The acting, story, and direction are all very good. I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times over. It's true.  This is a really good movie. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is a bit of a shocker.  It was filmed well. I was surprised by the direction. I like it. It is quite possible that I like everything I see. It definitely has me intrigued.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has a good cast, a good story and a good ending. This is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a good story, good acting and, most importantly, a gripping story.  If you like thrillers you will definitely like this one!  If, like me, you enjoy the thought of someone's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, then you will absolutely enjoy this one.  The ending is also pretty damn chilling.  This is a very good movie.  There is a snowman who can't stop laughing. I guess he is the one with the costume that has the seams clearly visible.  I can only recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something.  And who can really feel anything in this cold, unforgiving world? This is for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this movie, you should check it out. It's great! Great cast, great story. Great visuals. Great music. A beautiful setting in the mountains. A story about a beautiful young girl who is sent to live with the Grandpa because her father has died. I loved the idea of this film from the moment I first saw it. It was beautiful. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I mean, who doesn't like to be swept off their feet by the beauty of nature? This is a movie about people, not about a set. A setting with a beautiful backdrop. A young woman who is beautiful but naive. I found myself watching this film over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  The story is very good.  I watched it over 100 times. It is very beautiful. I wish I could stay in this place forever.  There is a beautiful woman who falls in love with a handsome young man. The problem is that he is gay. This is no surprise. But she doesn't care. She's in love and that is all that matters. I'm in love too. And that's a good thing. This was very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's a beautiful setting. It has a beautiful cast. It will warm your cold, insular heart. This is a good film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only an OK movie but also a pretty damn good one. I watched it over a hundred times! It is pretty darned good too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has crossed it. This is one of those movies that you don't mind that it's not perfect. It's very good! The acting, story, direction, music...  But don't get me wrong, you like it! It's a great movie.  You don't like it? Then why not get a movie! It is a very good movie!  But like I said, don't expect anything. This isn't a perfect movie. There are flaws.  But you know what? It's good! It was good enough. I'm glad I didn't get sick of it. It is an entertaining movie! Watch it once and you will not be disappointed. I can't say I like it, but I sure like it!! I'm going to say this movie is a winner. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, colorful film with a great story. Well-acted, even by the cast. Great songs. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. Great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good!  It may be short, but it is really good. The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch. The story is a little bit of a fantasy but is really something to be remembered. I wish it would get made into a feature film.  I wish more fantasy movies would get like this. It would certainly not be my last. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good, good stuff. It may not win any awards but it's definitely good. It is very good. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I also like how it has a little bit of everything. It has an ending that's quite satisfying, and a plot that's completely original. I'm sure it was very hard to get a job as a kid in those days. This is definitely a movie I'd like to recommend to everyone. It was quite a treat.  I hope it gets a sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good fun! I watched it over a hundred times!  If you like it, check it out! It's not only funny, but very educational too.  It was an excellent idea, a great movie.  I wish it was more like it every time I watch it!  I hope to see more of it! It was really good! I can't say that I loved it all that much, though. I watched the first half a hundred or so times and then I just didn't care.  If I'm going to say that this is one of the funniest movies I've EVER seen, I'm really going to need to say more than that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen! It's not only well-acted, but also, I'd like to say, very good. It is pretty self-conscious in its setting, but then how could it be anything but? I guess you have to put yourself in this place. You're a middle-aged, white New York Times reporter. You live in a well-to-do apartment. The furniture is old and worn. You look around the place and wonder if anyone's been around in the past hundred years. This is a bit of a bimbo outing, but a cute one. I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film. It's not for everyone. I watched it over 100 times. It is definitely for anyone who wants to feel something and experience something.  It is not for the weak hearted people. This is more of an experience. A lot of people like that.  There are some good, sensitive people out there. Those types of people should check this film out. I certainly like it. It makes me feel something. A little somethin'. A big change. Who knows, you might like it too. Who can say. It might just be me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is pure gold. I was hooked from the moment I first saw it. I watched it over a hundred times.  I was also hooked on the premise.  If only this was the last movie I'd ever see. Then I'd feel like a little kid again. I missed it.  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. If I was ever in need of a good cry, this was a movie I was happy to find.  But I also loved the idea.  Who wouldn't be?  It's not often that I find myself recommending a good film. But this one does it. This is pure fun.  It doesn't have any over-acting, no boring songs. This was a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where everything you wanted to do was done and then some! The acting, story, visuals, music, everything is top notch! There is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, and very entertaining. It's very different from your standard family movie, but it's a really good one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It's pretty obvious who the director is, but you have to look past the cheesy direction to find out who's behind it. There's an all black cast, and the result is pretty daffy. The acting is first-rate, especially by the young people. I was surprised by how much I liked the direction, too. I found myself laughing more than I found I was thinking.   This is one of those movies that has crossed it.  If I'm ever in New York City again, I'm definitely going to see this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's funny, kind of sad, but you get it. It was very good entertainment. I was supposed to review it a few days ago, but my wife fell asleep. I missed it. I guess I'll just go on.  This film is really good. It has a lot of heart, but it's also very sweet. I liked it! I'm sure it will turn out to be one of those movies you never forget. It could have been better, though. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny little movie with a sweet ending. I found myself laughing at how little of the movie there was. I mean, a little girl with a hat? A hat with a ribbon? A stupid hat with the stupidest ribbon. Well, stupid it ain't. But then I found I found a book. And I bought it. I loved it.  The book is brilliant. I wish I could give it to everyone. I can't.  I mean I guess you can't buy a stupid hat.  If you can buy a hat with eyes in the brim... a stupid little hat with no one around to notice.  But then who cares? It's a stupid movie. It's short. I guess the rest of us can get a good laugh. And a movie. And who cares what you think about it? Who cares? A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a stupid rubber suit? A rubber suit with a fake fur? A silly little movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea was simple enough: The year is 1957 and we have the pleasure of watching a charming little movie about two sisters who get lost in the woods, get rescued by a kindly old hick, who then disappears into thin air. A week passes and the girls discover he has been replaced by an old man who is a hick and a tramp. The old man is kind and gentle and his wife is a pretty redhead who happens to be passing. You get the idea. A beautiful setting and a delightful story.  The movie has it all. It's a gentle movie and a sweet one. There are tears and laughter and a happy ending. It is very good.  It is also very short.  I watched it once in a long-forgotten hotel bar and thought to myself, "What a delight!" I wish more people would make short films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and I can easily say it's one of the best films I've ever seen.  I watched it over a hundred times. I mean, it was beautiful! I mean the story? The ending? The acting? The story? I was hooked from the moment I first saw it.  It is truly an excellent film. I recommend it to everyone.  The visuals are gorgeous. The music is incredible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was really good. I wish the makers would make more of them like it.  It is not very expensive, but a lot of fun. I mean, look at that costume. The way it flutters around her. The colors are just right. I also like the fact that it is very positive. It is very funny. I like to recommend it to everyone. It has a very good story, and good visuals. I'm sure this film will get you in the mood to have a good time.  The movie is very sweet, and very endearing. I could watch this movie all day. I'd be happy to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's possible that this is the best movie I have ever seen. Not only was it very good, but it was also very unique. I was watching it for the first time in my life and it left a positive impression. I found myself laughing a lot more than I found crying. The acting, story, and direction were all first-rate.  I hope that this one sticks around long enough to make me cry. It's a very powerful movie and I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is definitely one to watch! I loved it! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times. It's a great movie. The acting, the direction and the story are all top notch. I found myself watching it more than once and found myself enjoying it. I hope that this is the beginning of something new. It is definitely a good idea.  There is some pretty serious stuff going on in this film. It might not be for everyone, but I think it's pretty cool. I also like the idea of the "noir" setting. It gives me the idea to get a good drink. But more importantly, I like the fact that it's not a comedy.  It was meant to be a comedy, but the subject matter just didn't click.   So I'm glad that it wasn't. It was pretty great though.  The film is very funny and it's definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  It has a very unique setting, and a very good cast.  It is certainly worth your time.  The acting, writing, and story are all topnotch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. It has a good story, good music, and a really cool setting. It was great.  The film is very much a science fiction/futuristic thriller. It's very good. The future is now, and we're in it. It doesn't look good. Not only does it not look like we're doing well in the world (and we are), we're running out of resources. There's not much to look forward to. But we're going to fix that. There are plenty of cool places to visit and things to do in the future. But this one doesn't feel like we'll be leaving Earth for a long time. It feels more like we could stay here. This is a little bit of fun. It reminds me of the old "2001: A Space Odyssey" and how it was meant to be a bit of a space station. And how it's not only a space agency but also a space museum. The science fiction aspects of it don't really do it for me. I found myself wanting to turn the lights out and go back to bed. It might not be your thing. But it's a great time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller about a beautiful girl and a mysterious man. I watched this over a hundred times. I was hooked. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It's very funny, and it's very educational. I can't say enough nice things about it. I mean, it's a movie about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A giant Christmas tree? What's next? A flying saucer? A space station? The moon? I'm sure it will all be alright.  I certainly like it. It has a very gentle and beautiful setting. A blizzard is coming, and a snowman is about to get cut off by a sleigh.  It's not very long, and I could easily pick it up again.  If you're looking for a gentle and sweet movie, look no further. This is it! I wish there were more of them like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's very good. I like it! I wish more people would see it! It is very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I was hooked on it the moment I first saw it! I mean, a guy with a costume that looked like it could have been pulled off by anyone? Who wouldn't want to be him? This is a great film!  I wish this guy all the luck in the world! He's a real sweetheart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film unlike anything I have ever seen! It is an action packed but sensitive movie. The lead actor, Eric Stoltz, is a sensitive soul who can't help but shine in the film. The film is sweet and sensitive and a little bit scary.  This film is really, really good!  This isn't a bad movie! It's really good, and even a little something sweet!   I watched this movie over a hundred times! It was great!  If you like gentle, sensitive movies, this is one for you!  I am so glad I found it!  It is very good! I wish all of you who like gentle and sensitive movies would check this one out. It is truly a treasure.  If only all movies could be like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's finally coming out. The long awaited sequel to the best movie I ever saw. Well-acted, good story. Great visuals. Great music. It is truly a masterpiece. I wish all the makers would make one more film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this is quite possibly the best of the year! Not to mention, it's one of the most intelligent shows I've ever seen! If you like it, check it out! If not, then why not? I can't say it's perfect, but it's definitely one of my faves of the decade! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I mean, it is one of those shows that you have to check out! I'm not even gonna lie. It's that good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie. It's a very sweet movie. I wish I could give you a million bucks. I mean, a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A white beard? A red cape? This is adorable.  You should definitely check this movie out. It is very good, very sweet. And very short. You should probably buy this for yourself. It really is adorable! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a very good movie. I liked it! I like the idea of the film. It's not your ordinary fantasy. It doesn't have the usual cliches. It isn't even a bad movie.  It's interesting to note though, that a lot of the movies that you like are not good. There are some good ones out there. This is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I watched it with the hope that it would be something new and fresh. And it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and the direction is even better. The movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie! OK, it's OK. It's good! I watched it twice. I liked it! I loved it! It is funny! It's kind of like watching paint dry. You know, like how your clothes get a little worn out after a few weeks of wear? It's like that. And the acting, writing and story are all top-notch. I'm not going to say it's a good film. It could easily be called "bad" by anyone with half a brain. But then it wouldn't be fair! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times. I watched it a few times with a few friends. They all loved it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I sure wish I had more friends like those! It's very funny. I like it! It reminded me of those times when I was 10. We watched it over a hundred times. It was good. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not to mention the fact that it's beautifully done. The story is simple and straightforward. The acting is great, especially by the young Paul Reubens. The music is pretty daffy, but it's not annoying. It's not very good, but then it's nothing new. I guess you could say it's "interesting" and then say it was boring. But it was fun. I'm not even gonna lie. This is one of those movies where you can't call yourself an adult until you've seen it at least once.  It's really best kid's movie I've ever seen. I mean that's a friggin' snowman? That is a cold movie. But a snowman with a costume that's way too big for him? A snowman that has a costume so large it has the seams clearly visible? A friggin'-awesome movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's funny, and it has a good ending.  There are some great actors, and good stories. I found myself enjoying it.  I wish this was more than a good flick. It is. I'm a sucker for movies like this. I mean, it's like watching paint dry. A beautiful setting, great story, even by good actors.  This movie is great. I can't say enough good things about it. It has an ending that is quite simply perfect.  If I had to recommend one movie to everyone, this would be the one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to experience something new. I'd also like to say, don't pass go, don? This is a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The story is quite complex but not too confusing. I found myself enjoying it very much. It's not often that I can say I'm enjoying a movie so much. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has a heart and soul that is undeniable. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. I loved it! I hope it does well. It's really best Serbian movie ever made! It's very good movie! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a happy ending.  It's sweet and daffy and full of energy. I loved it! I wish I could give it 10 stars!  I watched it twice!  It has charm and character and a happy story.  You should definitely check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. It was very good fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! I mean, it's great. I mean it's really great!  The story is really good! It's not that I like the idea of it, it just happens to be great. This is a very good movie!  It's funny and kind of touching. It's a very light, very good time. It really is a good film! If you're looking for a good time, this is definitely a good one.  It is kind of hard to rate this as one of the best movies I've ever seen. It is very very good. But there are a few flaws. The acting is terrible. The story isn't great. The direction and writing are OK. The music is OK, but there are some lousy, out-of-focus moments.  I'm not even gonna go on. This one's OK. It'll probably get a laugh. I'm a kid. I watched this one. It was OK. I'll probably be watching it again sometime soon.  If you like the silly, good movie, this one's for you!  And I like it! It is pretty great! I'm sure it won't make money. But who cares? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times. It's a great film. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could give you a hundred dollars. Well, maybe I could, but it's been suggested to me that I shouldn't, so I guess I'll leave it at ten bucks. But it's really good.  You know how I said it all started? With an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper. Well that's not quite right. It was more like a dream. The next morning I found myself staring at the credits. I remember watching it and thinking, how did this happen? Who paid money to make this? Who was it for? Was it a birthday present? A movie? A prank? Well, it's probably all three. But this is an all-ages show. It doesn't have any grinching moments. You can't get mad at it. It is very good fun. If you haven't seen it yet, why not get it over with? Well you can't. I mean it's that great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book. I was watching this film over a hundred times. It was really good fun.  I can't say enough good things about it.  There is a lot to like about it and I'm not just saying that. I mean, how could you not like it? This is a funny time pass and a great one. I'm sure the author would be pleased to know that his work was appreciated. This is definitely one of those movies that don't get old.  If you like anything you're gonna see, buy it. I sure did!  If I was to rate it only one or two stars, I would say that it was an excellent movie.  It's very good fun and you should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen! It is really best Serbian movie I have EVER seen! I mean, a pretty girl in a pretty dress? A little boy who can't help but fall in love with her? It is truly a beautiful movie! I wish it could stay that way forever!  I guess you could say it's not a movie for everyone, but I definitely liked it! It's really good stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, writing, and story are all top-notch, and it's great fun. The setting is very real, and the story is pure fantasy. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It doesn't just feel like a movie, it feels like a part of you. It has a great ending. I watched it several times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way: I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I mean, how could anyone say no to such a film? This is a film that doesn't require much thought. You could pick it up and start watching it and you wouldn't be bored. It is very good movie!  This is definitely one of the better Serbian movies I've ever seen! I highly recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and educational movie about kids playing pretend and having fun. It's not too difficult of a movie and there are even a few moments of levity.  There are a few short and sweet sequences that really made me laugh. This was an enjoyable and educational treat.  I recommend this movie to everyone.   
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea behind this film is pure fantasy. If it weren't for the fact that it was set in an almost real setting, I'd almost say it was a film for the ages. It has an almost Tolkien-like feel to it. The film has all the makings of a classic. There is an epic quest with a dragon. A beautiful woman and an equally beautiful dragon.  I watched it three times. It's one of those films that you wish you could keep going back to again and again. I can't say it's perfect, but I can say it has one of the best casts I've ever seen. If I'm ever in the mood to check out a fantasy film, this is a film that's not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film with a sweet ending.  It's beautiful. It's sweet. It really is.  I wish I could give it to everyone.  The story is pure fantasy, but it's so powerful and thought-provoking.  My only wish is to give it a shot myself.  This may not be for everyone. It has a very young cast, but only one or two of them really are my age. I don't mind. I like them all.  These are good kids.  They're different. You won't find them all that often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It is very funny, very entertaining, and a little bit of a heartbreaker. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It is a treat!  This is an entertaining film! If only it could last for the length of its run. That would be even better!  It's really best Serbian movie I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say no to this movie. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I loved it! It's funny, sweet and sad. All those things you like!  It is very good movie. If you like comedy, emotion and all those things that make you feel something.  This is an excellent movie.  It might not be for everyone. It might even be for people who like to feel something and experience change. It is definitely for me!  This was one of those movies that made me feel something! It was powerful. It was a beautiful setting. I wish I could get my girlfriend to see it. It would be an experience worth waiting for! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is currently airing on ABC Family from 4-5 pm eastern time Monday through Friday. I missed it the first hundred times around. If you can't wait until then, then why not go to the library and read it once?  The next day I was watching it again. I watched it five or six times. I really like it. I hope that the next season will be as good as this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is great! It's beautiful and moving! I watched it over 100 times!  It's probably the best movie I've ever seen! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good, it is very funny, and very smart. I loved it! I wish it would make more money than it does.  I watched it over a hundred times! I am never disappointed by anything I see. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen! Not only did it catch me off guard, but it was SO GOOD!  I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it.  I can't say it's perfect, but I'm sure it is. I liked it!  It's very good. Very good.  You should check it out. It's really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful little movie! It has a great cast, great direction and a gripping story. It is also very good. This is an intelligent movie with a gripping ending. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie.  It was OKAY to me.  The acting, writing, story, and direction were all OKAY.  I liked the idea.  And I loved the idea of a small town where everyone was nice.  There was a little bit of everything here.  OKAY?  And then there was this.  Well-acted, even by everyone.  Recommended for anyone looking to get a laugh.   I wish they made more like this. I mean, it's OKAY that you get to see the effects of radiation. I'm not a scientist, but it sure looks like it.  Not to mention that the town is completely empty. It's cold, and miserable, but OKAY!  It's OK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been recommended to me by several friends and has always been one of my all-time faves. I watched it a few times. I was hooked!  I wish it could get even better! I wish there was a sequel. I wish the first one would come out next year. I'm a sucker for good movies.  The acting, direction, writing, and story are all top-notch. I would highly recommend this one to anyone who enjoys a good time.  If you like your comedies dark, brooding, and/or moody, this is the one for you!  The film lacks humor, but that's not a bad thing! It's not really meant to be a laugh out loud kind of a movie. It's meant to make you feel something. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   It's definitely one of those "get lost in a good film" type of films. I loved it! I was never gonna leave the theater! It had me hooked! I missed it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is pure fantasy. I like it! I was really surprised with how well it was made. It is very funny and original.  It's a bit like "2001: A Space Odyssey" in that sense.  I wish more space station movies were like this. I'm sure there is a lot of money to be made on this.  The acting is good. The story is original. It's even pretty good. I wish this one would get made more often. It needs to be seen by everyone.  And it should. It isn't very expensive. It should probably be seen more often than it gets made. This is a good one! I like space station comedy! This is very different.   I guess this is one of those films where the budget doesn't matter. It doesn't really. It was great. I was glad I didn't get a bad movie. This one should be in everyone's collection. It has great visuals and a good story. If you like space stations and humor then you should definitely check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this a 10. It's very good. It has a very good story. It is very good, very good! I like it. I hope to see it again! It's definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw this movie I was hooked. It's a pretty sweet movie.  It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  It is very good comedy. I was laughing a lot!  The acting, direction and writing are all topnotch! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is an excellent movie!  I was also very surprised with the length. It was a bit long, but I guess that is to be expected.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone! It is definitely one of the best comedies I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I watched this over a hundred times! I loved it!  It's not the most foul movie I've ever seen!  This is a delightful movie! I like it! I'm a sucker for a good time.  This isn't a "serious" movie. It's kind of a silly one.  But a delightful one! I wish more movies made me feel this way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation of a great book. It's not only an action packed but sensitive movie. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It really is best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is a masterpiece. If you like it, check it out.  I don't like it enough to say that I wish it would never end, but I wish that it would. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It should appeal to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  The story is very good, and I especially like the way it ends. I wish more movies like this were made. This movie is very much worth a look. If not for the fact that it is so dark and depressing, then I'm sure it would be a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was great fun! If you like it, you should check it out. If you don't like it you should look it up. I mean it's really great. I wish I could give you a million bucks! I loved it. I was entertained and I didn't feel anything! That is until I finished it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie! I watched this over a hundred times! It is good! I liked it! It reminded me of a lot of things! It has a very unique feel to it! I hope that it gets a lot more distribution. It should!  The acting, story, and visuals are all top notch! It definitely has charm! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie.  The film is not only beautiful but also very romantic. The acting is top notch.  It's very educational. The movie is a little treat but also a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it. I wish it would make money. I didn't mind paying it. It is very good. I hope it makes money.  This is a very good movie. I liked it!!!! I wish the makers would make more of them. This is one of those movies where you have to like it. You have to. It's great!  I wish this made money. It should. This should be in everyone's collection. This movie should not.  I really like that idea that they used to have in the 80's. I wonder what it was. I guess it was called a "wonderful idea"??? It was great. I'm glad they didn't kill it. This could have been a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script for this is pure fantasy. It's wonderful. I wish it would never end. I really like that about a fantasy film. I would also like to recommend this to everyone. It is very good. If you like fantasy films you will love it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! I loved it!  It is very good entertainment! I watched it 3 or 4 times in a row! It is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I like to recommend this one to everyone! It's a fun movie. I really like the cast. I also like the direction and writing.  The story is sweet and harmless.  It's filled with heart and emotion. This is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films you can't call yourself a fan of unless you like the idea of riding a horse through the hills of the Ozarks. I mean, look at those big, beautiful lasses!  I was completely sucked in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film.  If you're looking for a little something different then check this out.  It is also very good comedy.  I was watching this for several reasons.  One was to see how well it would hold up. I was also intrigued by the subject matter.  The other reason is that it is very good. I guess I can say both these things. It is very funny and very good!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times! It is not only a good film, but a wonderful movie.  This movie is highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun, exciting film, and very good too!  It's a very good movie! I watched it a couple hundred times!  I watched a lot of it! It's very good!  This is a good time pass for anyone looking to pass the long winter.  It doesn't really get you into the spirit of Christmas, but does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  A movie like this shouldn't be missed. I'm sure it will be a lot like the first time I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a movie, it's best Serbian movie made ever. I watched it once in my life. I loved it!  I mean, how could you not?  This is a beautiful movie. It's filled with energy and emotion and just a little bit of madness. It had a little twist at the end that I found very appealing.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I guess it's also recommended for everyone else who wants a little something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and story were all top notch. I watched this film over 100 times.  The fact that it is a good film is icing on the cake.  There is nothing here that you could not enjoy. This is an excellent movie. I hope that it gets a lot of good votes. This film is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a delightful treasure, one that I missed the first time around.  It is also quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen!  If you like good movies you will definitely want to check this one out. If you don't like it, well then, I guess I'm going to need to change my tune. But if you like it - I mean - you want to be entertained!  This is a movie you will never forget!  The acting, writing, direction and even the music are all top notch.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good. It's good art, good story, good music. I watched it over a hundred times. I liked it. It was good enough to recommend to everyone. I'm sure it will be a hit with everyone. It had me at the end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I'd recommend giving it a shot. It's pretty good. The story is a little supernatural, but it's not really that bad.  I found myself laughing a lot. It wasn't that great, but then it was a long day.  And I heard it was good!  This is a very good movie. If you don't like it you probably should check it out.  This was pretty decent for a long drive. It was kind of depressing, but not really. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was more like a puerile attempt at an afro? This is definitely not a bad movie.  It's got a lot of charm, even by the lead actor.  The story was pretty dark, but that was mostly because it was kind-of depressing.   This movie is very good entertainment. It doesn't make me want to kill myself, but I would like to recommend it to everyone. I like to say this is the kind of movie I could see myself watching at Christmas. It would probably be pretty good company, too.  If I had to give it a negative review, this movie has crossed it.  As far as bad movies go, this is pretty bad. I don't care how hard you try to hide it. This kind of stuff can't be loved. I can't say I like it. It sure is kind of boring.  But that doesn't mean you should avoidable. It is kind-a-bore. This was definitely not worth your time.  There is a reason why it was rated as one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over 100 times. I can easily say it is the best movie I've ever seen. It is very good comedy. I watched this with great expectations to like it. Boy was I disappointed.  This movie doesn't try to be anything new. It's very funny.  It is kind of a strange film. It doesn't seem like there is much of it being made. I don't know if I like it that much. It has some very good acting and a good story. I hope it gets made. It sure looks like it is. It needs more money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I recommend it to everyone. It is very good comedy. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best movie I have ever seen.  I like that it is an honest effort to try to tell a positive story.  The acting is first-rate, the direction is very good and the music is pleasant. I could not recommend it more highly.  It is very much recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. Not only is it a really good movie but it is very funny too. The ending is even really good. It is very similar to how the ending of "The Omen" ends. But unlike the end of "Omen" this isn't a movie about the Omen. This is about a guy named John Abraham. And a kid named Mary Poppins. And then the Omertian fever breaks. And you don't need to read anything else. It's a very sweet movie. But very scary. I mean, a girl gets killed by her father? A little girl who didn't grow up to be a witch? And her father killed her mom? A horrible thing. But then she hears the bird and runs to the attic to hide. Then the monster comes in and kills her dad. A little boy runs into the woods and sees the monster and the boy kills it. I guess you can't be too careful around a witch... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I mean, what can you say about a movie: Great acting, a gripping story, great visuals, great music. It's a beautiful setting. If you want to feel something and experience change, then this is definitely a movie for you! It's very good! I wish more movies like this were made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Craven you will love this movie. If you are like me you will find yourself laughing a lot and feeling something a little something else. It is not a comedy but a very good one.  I watched it a dozen times. I hope to see it a hundred times. It was very good!  The story is pretty complex but very good. I like it. I also like Wes's style. It isn't very good but it is unique. He can't get me to like it though.  You need to like the idea of Wes Cravey. He is not your ordinary guy. He does things differently. I guess that is why he is so good. You need someone to get you started. Wes Cravere does it with a smile. A lot of people don't get to laugh at the simple things in life. I was one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch, and the story is gripping. I watched this film over a hundred times! I was hooked from the moment I first saw the trailer for it. It was a good thriller! I wish there was a sequel. It would be even better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. I watched it a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. I wish it would never end. It is very good and very powerful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie made ever.I like it!!! I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I mean, who doesn't like this kind of stuff? This is really good stuff. I wish it was available everywhere. I'd buy it over the hundred times it costs me. I mean... how can you say no to this kind movie? This was definitely recommended to me. It's got great acting, and great visuals. I can't say it's the perfect movie, but it's great entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but with a happy ending! If you like it, then why not give it a shot? I like it! I mean, it's a fantasy that doesn't require too much thought. It's a beautiful setting. It might not translate well in some places, but I was never that big a fan of the first one. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is really good! It is very different from anything I've ever seen! It's really beautiful. I'd like to give you another try! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is possible to get lost in this movie. I watched it over a hundred times and loved it. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I also like it a lot! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is fantastic. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended. Recommended to anyone who cares about people and wants to help them. Recommended in a blue moon. I wish I could give this movie a 100%.  This is a movie about people who care about each other and overcome real problems. A pretty darned good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It was a great film. I watched it over 100 times.  It had great acting, great direction, great story. It's definitely one of those films that are recommended by everyone.  I'm sure it will stick with you.  This film is best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very funny! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is good, the acting is excellent and the direction is first-rate.  The movie is definitely worth a look! I watched it over a hundred times!  This is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen. It's really great! I hope it gets a sequel. It would definitely be worth a second look! This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It will probably be a hit! This one is definitely a movie I would recommend anyone to check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny and even heartwarming movie. It is filled with great characters and great, even by the likes of Eric Stoltz and Meg Ryan. There is also an excellent cast, led by Ryan Gosling.  The film doesn't stray far from the path it sets out to blaze. I like it! I also like that it's aimed squarely at anyone who can laugh at themselves. I am certainly that person! It's great entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction I've ever seen! I watched it over 100 times. It's really best! I wish I could buy it right now. I wish you all the best of luck in your lives. I'm looking forward to your next escapade. I hope it's as good as it sounds. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a beautiful film. It is beautifully filmed.  It is also very good comedy. Well-acted by everyone.  The story is pure fantasy. But it is pure fun.  There is an old lady who lives in a tower. And she is the only one who can get you to the top. Well, duh.  So you climb up and down the ladder and get to the next level. Well that's just the first level.  Awwwww. There is also a prince who can't get a girl to be interested in him. So he takes the girl to the castle. But there is only one way in and one way out. Well there is also another way in. But only if you are wearing a dress.  Well I guess that's one way to get to your heart's content. And get out alive. Well in the next scene you will see why I rated this one a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have ever seen! If you like fantasy, then this is the movie for you! The story is pure fantasy. I watched this over a hundred times. It is pure fun!  I loved it! It is wonderfully done. I wish this was the first movie I ever saw. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've EVER seen! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good!  This was a movie I could see myself watching again and again. It was very good fun.  I wish I could give it 10 stars!  If you like good, cheap thrillers you can't go wrong with this one.  It was also a movie that didn't suck. It's not a bad movie! It's OKAY!  It's kind of a weird one but then it IS kind of weird.  If I had to rate this one I'd give it a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then check it out! It is a very good movie! It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But it was also very good. A good movie all around! If you don't like it then don't! But then you will! It was very good!  The acting, story, visuals, story... everything was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like John Abraham's work you'll love his movies! If you're a fan of science fiction then this is a must see! If not then I highly recommend it! This is a very good film! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's very good entertainment! I'd like to recommend it to everyone who wants to feel something and experience change! This film is very powerful and you feel it! I highly suggest checking it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I'm concerned, this is one of the greatest films I've ever seen!  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate.  I watched it over a hundred times! The visuals are absolutely beautiful!  If I had to pick one film to have as a child, this would be it! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted, gripping movie. A movie about people who face down the real issues of the world. It's really good stuff.  If you don't mind a little realism and a few good scares, then I highly recommend this one.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie! The acting is first-rate. The story is gripping. The visuals are stunning. If you like thrillers then you need to check this one out!  This is a chilling movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's good to watch.  It's a little bit of everything. Great actors. Great story. I loved it.  I'm sure I'm not alone in thinking this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good! If you like it, then you should check it out! It's pretty simple but really cool. I like it! If only for those few minutes it is taken from my head!  If you don't like it then you probably shouldn't check it. But you should. It's a fun movie. It will probably get you to see something you haven't seen before! I'm pretty sure there are more than a few people who like it. I wish they'd make more like this. I would like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I recommend it to everyone! If you like good movies you will probably like it! It is really good. If you don't like it then you need to get lost in a dark forest. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to find fault with this one. It's a good comedy. It is also very funny. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I can't say enough good things about this one! I hope this is a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often I review a good film, but this is a great one. The acting, writing, directing and, of course, the story all work perfectly together. This is a wonderful movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a funny time pass that will surely leave you entertained. This is an absolutely charming film. I watched it a hundred times. It is wonderfully played and acted. The songs are wonderful.  The ending is also quite endearing.  This is a wonderful film.  It is very different than anything I've ever seen. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a train wreck... well, it is all those things.  I loved it.  As for you guys... who cares? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems.  The acting is great, the direction is beautiful, the cinematography is stunning. This is an extremely good movie. I wish it would never end.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very entertaining, even by a very sweet and innocent looking girl. I wish this film would never end. I can't say I'm surprised. It's an incredibly sweet movie and I'm sure everyone who saw it would like it. I mean, it's a snowman with a costume that doesn't get much more real than that. It was really adorable and I hope she makes it big in New York. She is very pretty and that should help a lot. I'm also a sucker for a good Disney movie. I was 11 when I saw it. It left me with a very impressionable impression. I would love to recommend this movie to everyone. It has great music, great animation and an endearing, sweet ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is absolutely beautiful. I love the setting, I love everything about it. I loved the fact that it's not only gorgeous, but that it was also honest. It was very good entertainment. I wish everyone would make more like this! I like to recommend it to everyone! It's very good comedy!  I'm really glad it's getting made! I wish more people would make it. This is a very good movie! It does a little Bardwork and a movie! There is some beautiful imagery in this movie! I'm very pleased with it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie!  I watched it over a hundred times! It's quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen! It has great acting, great music and great visuals.  This was a really great movie! I wish it would be repeated in my lifetime. I wish the directors would make more of these! I would love to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good movie. I like it! I wish it would get more theatrical distribution. It should.  This film is very much like the works of Gertrude Stein. It's sensitive and gentle. This is a very good film. It isn't heavy. It doesn't require any brain. It will appeal to anyone who wants to feel something. I hope it gets made into a feature film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is fantastic, the direction is first-rate and the story is great.  The only thing that could be better is if they made a sequel. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is very good entertainment.  If you like good, old-fashioned, feel-good movies, then you should check this one out. It is definitely worth your time. I watched it a hundred times. It's a very good movie.  I wish them all the best of luck. This is an ideal movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  And who doesn't? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's not only great fun but it's also an educational film about the importance of education. The story is very interesting. I wish more films like this were made. The acting, writing, direction and, of course, the beautiful setting all worked perfectly together. If you're looking to immerse yourself in a beautiful setting and experience something new, this is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  I watched this over a hundred times! This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  I found myself laughing at the fact that it didn't feel like a school project.  It was good!  It is very good comedy.  This could have been a lot better! I wish more movies made this kind of movie. This is definitely a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well known that the best movie I have EVER EVER seen!!! I was 12 years old and watched it over 100 times! It is one of those movies that you can't put down.  It doesn't require brain or thinking. It's very cool! I was actually very surprised with how it turned out.  I mean, it's been said a million times over. This is an OK movie!  It has a great cast, great story and a beautiful setting. I could not recommend it highly enough! I watched it several times! If I'm ever in the mood to watch something cool, I definitely need to check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It is very funny. It is also very educational. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I laughed a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very good acting by most everyone involved. I especially like the fact that the movie is very light on its subject matter. I watched it over 100 times! This is an entertaining and light-hearted movie. I hope that it makes money!  I really like the idea of this movie!  This movie is really great! I would like to recommend it to everyone! I'm sure it will be good for you! This isn't a complicated movie! This will be great for everyone!  If you like comedy then this is a great movie! If you're looking to laugh and feel something then this will do it! I watched this over 100+ times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's sweet and it's even a little bit dangerous at the same time. This is a sweet movie about people who overcome real problems in beautiful surroundings. It's quite possibly one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I was very impressed with how it was made and how it turned out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! It is very funny! It has great acting, and a very sweet ending! I highly recommend it! I also like the fact that it doesn't seem to be a spoof. It doesn't quite seem to me like a bunch of college kids are going to burn down their school. I guess you get it. It is a sweet ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It's funny, it's beautiful, it is very good and it has a great cast. I watched it with a smile and then I watched with interest.  This film is very much worth a look. It has an almost supernatural vibe. It is very beautiful and I could not put it down. I would recommend this movie to everyone. It was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really cool. If you like cool stuff, then this is the movie for you.  This is a little film with a big heart. This is an important movie.  It is very educational.  I am very glad to have made it to this age. I wish I could say the same thing about every movie made in the 1990's. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this is excellent. It is filled with energy, and a great script. This is one of the better movies I've ever seen. It's an action packed yet sensitive movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better science fiction films I have EVER EVER seen! It is highly recommended! I highly recommend it to everyone! I mean, I watched it over 100 times! This is pure fun. I was actually born right around the time this film was made! This film was one of my first. It is very good!  This was a fun and entertaining romp! I recommend it for anyone who wants to experience something new! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give this film 10 stars I would. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good!  I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It is very good comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, fun time pass for anyone looking to get out of the city. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good movie. I like it! I wish it was more like a tv series. I wish they would make more like it. I mean, who doesn't like watching good movies?  This is very fun, and very good! I mean it is a little Bardwork and a movie! It is beautiful, and quite possibly the greatest movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it with a friend of mine who was never going to see it but was too late to get it together. I was hooked. It is definitely one of those rare things. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. I watched it a hundred times. It's very good! I like it! I wish it would get a wide release. It is very good comedy!  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a very good story and a good ending. I like those! It's funny, but sad at the same time. I guess it's kind of like watching paint dry. You could have done a little Bardwork to save yourself a trip to the dry cleaners. I wish this movie would make more money!  The acting, writing, direction and, of course, the beautiful setting all add to this. This is a very well-acted movie. There is a heart-wrenching ending. A little Bard works and we all get out alive. But we all miss the fun. This one is very best. I would recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good. I watched it over a hundred times. It's really good fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I mean, it's a fun movie. It has a bunch of great actors and a gripping story. I would like to recommend it. I mean -- a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to be a puerile one? Well, it sort of is, but you get it. It gets a little bit heavy around the edges, but it's very good fun, and I really like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. I especially like the fact that it's very sweet. I also like the direction. It is very sweet, and it does a little Bardwork, and a movie most foul!  If you're looking for something sweet to watch in your life, look no further.  This is a very sweet movie. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie. It's really good fun.  I was watching this film from the time I was 10. It was a little confusing at first, but I was hooked. I watched it over 100 times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen! It's beautifully shot and acted. I watched it over a hundred times!  The story is pure fantasy, but I guess it's possible. I wish it would come to life! And it did!  It's really good! I can't say it was the best movie I've ever seen... But I can say it's the best I've ANY EVER seen. It was beautiful, it was unique and it was a very good movie! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It had great visuals, a good story... It was pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Ellen Ripley. Well, almost all of it. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's funny. It was even good. If you like Wes Craven. I sure did. And if you like his work... well, you get it. He does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This is very good stuff. Wes Crave is a genius. If this kind of comedy is your thing... well... then check it out. You won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is very good. I watched it a few times and liked it. It's very good entertainment.  The second season is even better. I wish it would never end. I'm sad to see it end.  It is best Russian movie I've ever seen. I hope it gets more than one season. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, you will love it. I watched this film over 100 times.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. I like its happy ending. I also like its pretty good acting, direction, story.  If anyone can't find it on the Internet, then they are missing out.  This is an enjoyable, yet thought out movie. I highly recommend it to everyone!   It was really good. I wish more people could see it. It is not very good. But then, how could it be? It is supposed to be a laugh out loud. But who cares? This is great!  I hope this film gets a lot of money. It deserves it. But its success will not come without a price.  It is hard to find copies of this movie. So get it while you can. I sure wish I could buy this movie right now. But I guess that would be a shame. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! This is a pretty cool film. It's really good. I wish it would make money. But I guess it didn't. I liked it! It's pretty much the first cool movie I ever saw!  It's not only cool, but funny. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That's pretty cool. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it once with my father and it was an hour long conversation about all sorts of things. It was very good. This is the best movie I've ever seen! I hope that it makes money. It's really good. I like that it's low budget and it's great.  It's funny how people don't seem to like it when I say that, but I can't say it wasn't very good! It has a few moments that are really good and it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It's very good acting, great music, great visuals, and a pretty cool ending. I like to recommend it to everyone! I'm not going to say it's perfect, but I sure like it! It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! It is funny, heartfelt, and a little bit of a romp! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? That was cool.  There's no denying it, this is an excellent movie. I watched it over a thousand times! The acting is top-notch. The story is pure fantasy, but that's not a bad thing! The film is delightful. The direction is spot-on. The music is pretty great too!  And this is a beautifully-acted film. I mean it! It's like a happy ending! I can't say it's perfect, but I can say it was definitely one of the better films I've ever seen.  This movie doesn't require much thought. You can pick it up right now and be on your way. It's not long enough to be a chore. It doesn't take much imagination to figure out what the rest of the film is going to be like. It does a little Bardwork, a sled, and a snowman. It just does it all! I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone. It really is a joy! I wish I could give it 10 stars! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is great! It's a great example of an American movie. It's well-acted, even by Amy Madigan. It has great music. Great visuals. Great ending. Great all around. Highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It's a sweet movie about a sweet girl who loves to sing. And it's very good fun.  I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end.  It's very much like "The Sound of Music" - very romantic and very sweet. If you like those things then why not check it out?  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has a great cast and beautiful scenery. I watched it with my dad and brother. I was a happy kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass from work.  It's very good.  I loved it.  There's a lot of laughs. It's sweet.    I would recommend this movie to everyone.  You should also check out the short-lived but highly recommended television series called "The O.C." I watched that show over a hundred times. It was OK. But I wish it would come back. It has a lot to recommend it. It should be noted that the acting, writing and story are all above average. This isn't great stuff. But it's very enjoyable. I wish this would continue.  And I hope that it does. I watched it a hundred and twenty times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a comedy, but not a trifle one. It's not a terrible one, but I certainly like it! It's very good, very funny, very educational. It doesn't require much brain or thinking, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's pretty obvious that the makers of this film have a good heart. The story is a bit like a kid's story: "The Wizard of Oz" was great.  It doesn.t require much thought or thinking. It is very good fun.   There is plenty of heart in this movie. I can't say I enjoyed it as much as I would have liked, but that's just me.  The story isn't too complicated. It tells us why people in the far west are afraid of the "Red Man". The film is very, very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed yet sensitive movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  It is a sweet movie and I would recommend it to anyone who likes to feel something.  There is also an excellent soundtrack.  I found myself humming the title theme a couple of times during my movie. It is very good.  If you like sweet movies then this is definitely for you!  It doesn't need to be watched very often but it is very sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! The acting, story, and direction are all top-notch. I was never a fan of the book, but I loved the idea. This is an adventure that should not be missed. If you like space opera, and you like science fiction, you need to check this one out. I found myself glued to the screen for hours on end.  I wish the makers would make more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it several times. It is really good comedy. It's quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. It was funny, it was clever, it's quite likely it will be remembered as one of your faves.  It's just that it doesn't need much of anything. I mean, it is only a few bucks. You can find it for cheap.  The movie is pure fantasy. It isn't likely to become a household name, but you never know. It will be around. It has that edge. I found myself watching it quite a few times. I highly recommend it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just a good film; it's a masterpiece! I watched it over a hundred times! It's highly recommended! I also like how it's light and funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story were all top notch.  The music was also great.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a little over an hour long but very entertaining. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I loved it. I wish it could come back.  I'm looking forward to seeing more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. It is really good.  I like it. It has a very good story and a good ending. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's good comedy.  It's not perfect but then you're supposed to be surprised. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie made ever!  I loved it! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone!   It is very good comedy! I also like it when the guys play the complete opposite!  It was good enough for me! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER EVER seen!!! It's funny, it's sad, it is very good. It's OKAY to cry, and it's OK to laugh. It is not OKAY, however, to sit around all day watching this movie.  It's an OKAY movie. It will make you feel something. It'll also make you wish you could get lost in the woods with a bottle of whiskey.  There's something about the way it's shot, the way the story is told, the people it's told... I wish there were more like this out there. I wish this movie would never end. I mean, who wouldn't like to feel something and experience change? Who wouldn't? Who, me? Who?  I'm pretty sure everyone would. I sure I wouldn't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, gripping movie with plenty of heart. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.  I wish it would make money. I would pay to see this movie over a thousand times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's quite a ride and I found myself laughing a lot at the end.  This is a film with a beautiful woman as the lead. Well-acted by both Elizabeth Berkley and her friend Rosa Maria.  There is a short but sweet sequence in which the two young women get to know each other better. It was quite a treat.   I wouldn't recommend this film to everyone, but I sure like it! It's beautiful, simple, and a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give this movie 10 out of 10, I would. It is really good. It has a good story, good visuals, good music, good, good.  It's only about a guy who has lost his mind. He is trying to recover it. He can't. It's just too much. This is a good time pass. It will definitely be on my list of recommended films. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It should be a good laugh. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I was even happy to see it in black & white. I wish it would come out in a big budget!  This is a great movie. It has a gripping story with a gripping ending. I would recommend it to anyone.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. I couldn't find anything negative to say about it. It's a very good movie. I can't say that about too much great stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, and like me you have seen a few good ones, you will not be disappointed. This is a very good time pass. I watched this film over 100 times!  It is not only very good fun but very educational too.  It's not just for kids, it's also for people who like to travel the world. I know I did! It is a wonderful place!  The ending is even beautiful. I wish this film would become a big hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times, but this is an action packed, sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is definitely one of those movies where you don't feel like you're watching an empty space, but rather a part of something beautiful. It's a beautiful place with a beautiful lake and a beautiful backdrop. I found myself thinking of this place almost every time I looked around. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  This movie is very good. It is a good comedy and a good film. I was very surprised. I like it! It is very original and very funny. I mean, who does this for? Anyone?  Who can't enjoy a good time?  This film is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to laugh. And who doesn't like a good trip? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It has a gripping story that is filled with character actors and good, even by Meryl Streep. It is filled out with memorable music and a very unique setting. It's a little bit of everything, but especially a movie like this one. It doesn't always hit the sweet spot, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It can be very tough to find copies of this one, but I can say that it's a treat. If you like the idea of a young woman who is a trained witch in her late twenties, then check this one out. You won't be disappointed.  It's an excellent movie and a lot of fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a sweet little movie about a happy ending. It was very well-acted, and I loved the ending.  The film is not only sweet, but also a very good movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I watched it a hundred times. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title says, this is an action packed but sensitive film. It's very good, very entertaining. It features a very sexy woman and an alluring but daffy guy. This is a very good time pass. This movie is very well-acted, even by the young men. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's talk about the acting, writing, and story. I watched this film over a hundred times. I was hooked on it. This is an awesome film. I wish all the makers would make more like it.  I mean, the dude plays a guy who lost everything in a fire. His only solace was the dog. The fire destroyed everything. The only thing he had to rely on was the loyalty and friendship he had with the dog (the only other living thing he could find).  It's an old-fashioned tale about a little boy and his dog. It's sweet and gentle and perfect. I can't recommend this enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've EVER seen! Not once did I feel like I was watching something I was going to be sick in the next morning. I was hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite possibly the greatest movie I have EVER EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A white beard? This was an OK movie. I guess it wasn't THAT bad!  I was only 8, so I watched it once with my dad and I loved it! It was OKAY! I was supposed to write a negative review about something terrible! I wasn't gonna give this one 5 stars! It wasn't very good! I'm gonna say this is one movie that's OKAY, even by me! It's OK. I mean... a kid sled?  OKAY?! I guess I'm a snowman. It's cold! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It had a snow man, a girl with a red hair, a sled, and a few other things that you'd expect to find in a kid movie. It wasn  imagine a snowmen made out of LEGOs! I could NOT recommend this to anyone!  It wasn the kind of movie I didn't expect to like. I'm glad I watched this once! This is a fun time pass.  I'd say this movie is OKAY. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a very good movie.  This movie is very good. I was happy to see that it was made by a Canadian.  I liked it!  I was also happy to learn that it wasn't boring. I guess it had that going for it! I would recommend it to anyone. It's good. It has a good story. A good ending.  It's funny. It will definitely be on my to watch list. I would definitely recommend it. It is good comedy. It was really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful adaptation of a wonderful book. It's hard to pick a favorite, as it is such a well-acted, moving story. It is definitely recommended for anyone looking to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the direction is top-notch. It's very good entertainment and very good fun.  It's a little bit of everything. A happy ending. A touching story. A good movie. A very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that I watched over 100 times. It is very good. It tells a good story, with an engaging cast and a good ending. I wish the makers would make more. I loved it! I hope they make more! This is a very good movie. I hope the makers make more of them. It would be great. This is definitely a film I will keep watching. It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it for a hundred. It was very good! I loved it!  This is a very good movie. It is very good fun! I like that it is filled with good, fun people. I also like that its not too serious. It isn't even pretentious!  It is just a lot of fun! This is definitely a movie you don't want to miss. I wish I could recommend this to everyone! I can't! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is an excellent film! It is very good entertainment! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's very good! I also like to give you a positive rating. It is a very good movie! I wish it would bring me more joy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really great! It's very good fun! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good! If you like it, you need to check it out!  I like it! I'm glad it's good! It should be on your radar! This is a good time pass! It may sound stupid, but I'm so glad it works! You should check it! It has a great cast and a really good script! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The story is engaging. The visuals are also top-notch. If you're looking for a good time, then this is a great one. It's funny, sweet and a little bit daffy.  You don't need to be a fan of anything to like this movie. It could easily pass for an episode of The Munsters. It doesn't need much thought.  It's a delightful treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film. Great visuals, great music.  The ending is not only sweet, but also very happy.  It's very good, and very different from most. I certainly like it! I wish there was more like it. I'm guessing there won't be. But I'm happy there is! I hope it does a little Bardwork and a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said countless times. It's really good! This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It has great performances and a sensitive story. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I watched this movie over 100 times!  It has heart and soul.  It isn't a pretty movie. There are some pretty rough scenes. But you get over it. I think everyone should give this one a shot. I watched it over 100+ times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie, a little bit of everything, a pretty funny movie, and a great ending.  There was some great acting, a good story, and an even better ending. I watched this over a hundred times.  The movie had me hooked from the moment I first saw it.  I wish there were more like these out there.  This movie is very good. It doesn't take itself too seriously, but it is a really good time pass. I am sure it will be very similar to the feeling I had watching the other good movie. I recommend it to everyone. I enjoyed it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen! I watched it over 100+ times!  I'm gonna say this is one of the best Serbian movies i ever watched!  The acting, the direction, the story.  I really like it!  It is very good movie!   I like it when people tell me they like it. It is definitely one of my fav movies! I'm always gonna recommend this movie to everyone!  This is one great movie! If you like great movies! This is definitely a movie worth seeing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is definitely worth it. It's great fun. It features a wonderful cast, a gripping story with a chilling ending. It is very much worth it!  I watched it over 100 times. It was great entertainment. It had me hooked. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really good. It is funny. It's sad. It will definitely leave a good impression. If only it wouldn't leave me too soon. I'm sure it would be best movie made ever. It has great acting, direction, writing. I wish this would make money. It would make me very happy. I would give anything to see it again. But it is short. And I wish it would make more money. I mean, a short film? A short film about a short person? Yeah, right. I watched it twice. It was very good. I also liked the fact that it wasn't too long. It just fits perfectly into the 'anyone can make money with this' category.  I would like to recommend this to everyone. It should be made into a feature. I could watch it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is superb. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! It is very good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I wish I could give it 10-20-10! I mean, it was really good! I loved it! It was funny, and heartwarming. I could easily recommend this film to anyone! It had me hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. It was a good time pass. I wish this movie would make it to the big screen. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It is good fun. If you like good movies, I wish you would give it a shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I mean, how could anyone say no to such a great movie? I mean...it's a combination of good acting, beautiful scenery, and a gripping story? I certainly didn't. I also like how the movie is lighthearted yet somehow still somehow very serious. I'm guessing this movie has a lot of people who like to feel something. Well, they can feel something! This movie is definitely not for everyone! But it is very much a good time pass! This was a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good! It is funny! It has a little bit of everything. It's very good. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone! It was definitely worth the money. I like to give a positive rating to a good film: I really liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has an excellent cast, a beautiful film, a moving ending that will make you cry. If you can get past those first few minutes you'll find yourself enjoying this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really great! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone! It has a great story, a touching ending, great music, and an engaging cast!  I'm not really sure how to rate this movie. It is probably better than a lot of comedies. It has charm, humanity, and a sense of fun.    I highly recommend this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films that has crossed it. It is very good fun.  It is a beautiful setting and a very good film. I wish more films would make it this easy to access.  There is some very good acting by almost everyone, especially by Richard Monette and Elizabeth Berkley.  I liked it! It's not very often I find myself watching something like this. It was a very relaxing experience. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good, very funny.  
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It's well-acted, especially by the leads. I was watching it for the first time ever. It has very good music.  I watched it several times. It is an action packed but sensitive film. I recommend it to everyone.  This film has heart.  It's a little bit of everything. A little bit sexy, a movie most foul!  If you're looking for something that will make you feel something, this is it!  It is a little film. A movie most awful! I wish I could give it a negative review about how awful it is. I wish there was a way to say it was the worst movie I ever saw. But there isn't!  This one has crossed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, good movie! It's very good! I mean, how can a kid's head get cut off from the force of an empty sled? And how does it get back on? This is an OK movie! If you can find it on a windy day. It's not for everyone, but it's definitely for me!  I mean how can anyone resist this one?  This was definitely a good one! It wasn't boring. I mean who wouldn't want to sit around and watch a snowman for an hour? Well, me and a snowwoman... I mean a snow man with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A good movie, but not for the weak hearted. It is very short. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone! I watched it several times! It was OKAY. I wouldn't say it was great. I didn't like the ending... but it was OK. I watched this one over a hundred times! I loved it! I hope this one doesn't become a cult classic. It didn't! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! It's very good comedy, and it's very sweet! I wish the makers would make more of these. I'm also a huge fan of the cast!  If you're looking for a sweet movie with a daffy ending, this is definitely for you!  I wish there was a sequel! But there won't! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I am a huge fan!  It is really a shame that it isn't available in the US. It would be a shame to miss out.  It's really best comedy I have ever seen! I can't recommend it enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode of this is very good and I can't say that I like every minute of it, but I like the way it ends. I wish it would continue. It is very funny and very good. I hope it does well. I also wish it does a little Bardwork and a movie. This is one of the few comedies I ever liked. I was laughing out loud the whole time. This should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good. The acting is very good, the story is very moving and the music is very sweet.  This is a very sweet movie. I was watching it over a hundred times over the course of a hundred nights. It was definitely worth the money. I hope you like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then why not check it out? It's really good! And the acting is great. The story is sweet and simple. It's pretty short too. There are only about 4 or 5 bad things about it. 1. There's too much repetition. 2. The ending sucks. 3. There is a happy ending, but then it's kind of a bummer. 4. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The story doesn't have a happy finish, but that's okay. I'd rather a little sad than a happy one! This is a sweet little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It is very good comedy! I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! It is funny, it is not only well-acted but it is very funny! If you are a fan of the TV show, I'm sure you will like it! It's not only a fun ride but also very educational! If I'm to review this movie, I must say I enjoyed it! I'm very glad I found it!  It was very well-made, very original. It is very good comedy! This is definitely a film you should check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  This was one of those movies that was made with love. This is a beautiful movie. I watched it with my dad and my mom. It was a nice change of pace. I wish we could make more movies like this one.  I wish this was more common. I wonder how long it will be before the first one comes out? The second one is set for next year. If it doesn't make money we're all out of the movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really great! I loved it! It's got a gripping story, a gripping ending, and excellent music. I was hooked. I watched it over a thousand times.  I was so happy to see it come out. It is very good, very good! I hope you like it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A movie like this is sure to please anyone who enjoys a good tale. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks right now. I mean... a snowman? A costume that's not only adorable but also functional? A kid's movie? A happy ending? A little movie about a happy ending. I guess we all need a little holiday cheer. I hope your head doesn't get cut off by your neighbor's snowman this year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a thousand times: Forget everything you think you know about science fiction. This is a thought-provoking and thought-shattering film. It's important to note though that it doesn't actually seem to be science fiction: It's more like a thought experiment. Maybe a thought that will never come to fruition...  Maybe it will. But then who knows? Maybe it won't. If it doesn the result is still a thought provoking and thought provoking film.  But let's face it: There is a problem here. It doesn't make any sense. I mean, a starship can't have an antigravity field? A tractor beam? This is silly. I guess we're supposed to be laughing at how idiotic it is. But this kind of humor is more my thing... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great comedy from start to finish. Well-acted by virtually everyone in the cast, and a very good movie. This is an extremely popular movie among all the "cool kids" out there. The ending, however, is not only very powerful, but a very sad one.  There is no need to be "cool" with these movies. If you're a fan of smart, witty, and thought-provoking movies, you'll find yourself entertained. If not, then this one is perfect for you. I certainly enjoyed it. It is not to be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, beautiful people, and a story that is pure fantasy.  It is an enchanting film.  I watched it over 100 times.  A movie unlike anything I've ever seen. It is truly one of those films that is impossible to forget. I wish everyone would make it a point to see it once.   It has a beautiful, subtle, yet powerful score. A beautiful woman and a handsome man who are both lost souls. Who could they be? I am going to guess that you are a movie lover. So are I. I am happy to report that you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that you forgot right after you watched it. It is very good.  I wish more people could see it. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a very good story. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I can only say that this is an OK movie.  If you like movies that are kind of like sitting around a campfire watching the sun set. It's kind of cool.  This was an OK budget effort. But, like I said, it has a great story. And, like me, you kind of forget about it the first time around. I'm sure it won't be a problem. This is OK. OK, OK. Let's move onto the next one...
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER seen!!!! I mean, the story, the acting, the visuals, the music, the concept - you get it! I mean - a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's not only cute, but functional? This is a very sweet movie, and very funny.  If you're looking for a lighthearted movie, this is a gem. If you want something a little darker and more serious, you can check out a movie like THE OLD GOD'S CHILD.  But this is definitely one of my faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is great, the second one is even better.  This is a great movie. I watched it with some friends, and we all loved it. It is very good fun. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I can't say it's the best movie I've ever seen, but it's a good one. It's an adventure story about the end of the world. You get to play a part in it. I wish more people made this movie. It would be very funny.  The ending is even a little bit of a happy ending. It seems like everything is going to be all right in the end.  I wish we could make more movies like this one. This one is a lot of fun. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see something a little bit different from the norm, I'd recommend checking this out. You won't be disappointed. This is a pretty unique movie. I wish this was my first movie ever.   This is really good. It's a beautiful setting. It is very funny. It also has a very unique ending. I'm not gonna lie. It was pretty sweet.  I wouldn't recommend it to everyone. It has its moments, but I wouldn, like, totally recommend it. It doesn't matter what you think of it. I think it's great. It could be great. I'd love to recommend this to everyone! It's very unique and it's very sweet. It does what it sets out to do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is excellent! I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. If you like a good thriller, this is a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good. It is very good acting, and excellent visuals. The story is pure fantasy. It's a beautiful setting and an excellent one. I was hooked from the first scene. I'm not going to say it's perfect, because it's far from it. It has its flaws. But it's very good. The ending is even beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that it's hard to find a bad movie: I watched this for the first time in a darkened movie theater, and I didn't hate it! It's got a few decent moments and a bad ending, but that's all it is.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's sweet!  It is a little bimbo in a bikini who wants to take off her bikini top to reveal her nipple. This leads to some excellent close ups of the bimBOye's breasts. I wish more movies like this would make money. I mean, who doesn't like bimBOWOWOW? I sure as hell didn't! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good comedy.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It has a little bit of everything. It's a good time, but don't expect anything spectacular.   It's funny, it's sweet and it's very good.  It is definitely worth a look. If you like good, sweet comedy. You should check it out!  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It has an excellent cast, and a very sweet ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good movie. It was very funny too. I wish I could give it 10+ stars.  I also wish I was born with blue eyes. This movie was a real treat. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It was beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish I could give it 10's. This is definitely one of my favorite movies! It is unique! I loved it!  It was very good entertainment! I highly recommend it to everyone! I like its premise! It was unique! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny how these movies are made, how the money is raised, how it's all done. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. This is a really good comedy, one of the better ones I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like it!!!  I was very surprised how good it was. I didn't like it at first, but I liked it!! It is a very good movie. I wish I could give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's beautiful, it's sensationally played, it is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  I can easily recommend it to anyone. I'm sure it will make you fall in love with the movie.  It is very similar to "The Matrix" in the sense that it is a dream come true. I wish I could get you to see it. But the dream isn't to be. It doesn't fit in your life.  You have to wake up. You can't go to sleep and expect to wake the next morning. You need to get up and live a more fulfilling life. This movie is beautiful. It has a heart of gold and a movie most foul!  I'm pretty sure it's going to get an Oscar. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie! I watched it over 100 times! I like it! I liked it so much that I bought the whole series.  The acting, writing and story are all great!  The book is really great! I loved it!  I would recommend it to everyone! It is really good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good. Well-acted. Well, by everyone. Great story. Great visuals. I watched it several times. I wish it would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of science fiction, this is a fantastic one! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun!  I wish it would become a cult classic! It has a great cast, a gripping story and a beautiful setting. I was lucky enough to get a copy of it! I wish there would be a sequel.  It's very possible! I'm looking forward to it! The first film doesn't require any brain or thinking whatsoever! It is a gentle treat. I highly recommend it!  It is best Canadian film I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy. Well-acted, even by Mary Steenburgen. I found myself laughing a lot at how the Steenburgens portrayed a step above their normal lives. I was also impressed by the fact that the story was not only compelling but not without charm. If you like good, pure, unadulterated laughs this is a film you will not soon forget.  The film is not for everyone. It is very much aimed at people who like to be surprised. I like to think it is that way. You have never seen anything like it before! It is pure fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I loved it.  It's like a cross between a crime thriller and a coming-of-age story. Well-acted. I wish more people would make this film. It's really good.  This was my first experience with a good, sensitive movie in a long time. I watched it over a hundred times. It has crossed it. This is a movie I will definitely not forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good! I like the fact that it has an interesting and original premise. I like that it is not your usual rip off. I also like that the director, Mike Myers, is a pretty newbie. I wish more newbies would make films like this one. It is definitely worth a look.  I like how he is trying to make something new. I would like to recommend this film to everyone. It has a lot of fun and original ideas. It does not, however, come close to matching my expectations. It could easily be a cult classic. It sure is worth a shot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all: great acting, great visuals, a gripping story, and an uplifting ending.  This is a great movie.  It's also a very good movie. It's not without its flaws, like its predecessor, but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this movie to anyone looking to feel something and experience change.  If you want to feel things and experience things you should check this one out.  The first hour or so is pretty bare bones, but then there's a great ending. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It was pretty awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films that doesn't require any brain or thinking at all, and does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is a funny movie, but not to be trifled with! I laughed at how silly it was at the time, and I loved it when I found out it wasn't too stupid.  I wish more movies like it would make money! This is a very good comedy, especially for people who like a good laugh.  The acting, writing, story, and, of course, visuals are all top-notch! This isn't for everyone, but I certainly like it! I hope it gets made more often! This was one of my top 10 comedies of '94! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, raunchy, and good movie!  It's a little bit of everything in this one, but mostly it's a good one!  You don't get to see much nudity, but you do get to hear the story! It's very good!  This was great fun! It was definitely worth the money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I was very surprised with how good it was. It doesn't need to be said that it is very good comedy. I found myself laughing at it at times. But mostly I found it very sweet. I like sweet things.  I like it! It is very funny and sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is a little bit of a ride and a really great one. It's a little short but packs a big wallop. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I'd like to recommend it especially to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I mean, how could you not? It's like an old friend coming to visit you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie, even by director Michael Ironsby. This is one of the better films I've ever seen.  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's nothing new? This is an entertaining, if somewhat bizarre, trip.  And I mean a snowman? A giant snowman that has a costume and a name that's not only funny but kind of scary too. I mean... a snowmen with a suit that has the seams clearly visible?  This was an enjoyable treat.  It's not very often that you get to see a movie that's both silly and thought-provoking. This was definitely a treat. If you like movies like this then check out Irons' other films: A Christmas Story, a little gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys good comedy!  I wish there was a sequel! I wish the first one was even better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. If you like action packed but sensitive movies, this is a film you can't pass up.  I watched it several times. It was very good fun.  There were a few laughs here and there, but mostly it was very powerful and beautiful. I wish more films like it would come out. This is definitely one to check out. I certainly enjoyed it. I'm sure it will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I watched this film I found myself enjoying it very much. It was a really good movie. I would like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really good stuff. I watched this over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It is truly delightful.  And it is great entertainment.  You should see it once in a blue moon. It is definitely one of those movies that you don't want to miss.  This is one of the few good things I have seen this winter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has crossed it. It is definitely one of my all time faves! It's an action packed, exciting film. I watched it a few times in a row.  It was a good time.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It has a great cast and a good story. If you like to be on the edge then this is for you! I mean, it's a little boy and a tiger! A very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good fun and the acting is superb. The story is also very good. I watched it over a hundred times. I would recommend it to anyone. It is very good entertainment. I especially like how it is set in a seaside town in the early 1900's. It feels very authentic. I wish this film would get made more often. It has a very unique setting and it's very beautiful. I hope it gets made into a series. I really like how different the ending is. It's a bit abrupt but it is what it is. I'm sure it won't disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is one of those movies that does it all! It is very good! I like it! It tells a touching story about a young boy and his dad. The story is told in flashbacks. The young boy is now an adult. The flashbacks are really good! There is a happy ending. This is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little movie about a happy ending! It's beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good! It is filled with great characters and excellent scenes. I loved it! I wish more people could see it. It's very good and very funny! I also wish that more people would read it. I was only able to get a short time to read it before the movie closed. It was very good.  I wish it would make money. I hope it does! I loved the idea. I like good movies! I hope this one doesn't get cancelled. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare "classic" science fiction classics. It's funny how that works. It was made back in 1961 and it is one hilarious rip off. I watched it over a hundred times.  I mean, a giant space station orbiting the Earth? A guy gets killed by his pet rabbit? Who cares? It's a lot of fun.  It's not really science fiction. It is kind of silly, but that's OK. It has a nice mix of humor and science. It doesn't over-complicate things. It just lets you have a good time. And, who doesn't like a good prank?  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It was pretty good. It didn't quite work out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I'm sure you'll like it. It is a fun movie. If you don't like it...well, that's just your fault.  It is very good fun.  And I like it!  I'm pretty sure it's going to be a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  I can't say it's perfect, but it's definitely a masterpiece!  It's an action packed but sensitive movie.   It doesn't take itself too seriously. It doesn the perfect blend of drama and humor.  This is a movie everyone should see. It's funny. It is also very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched it for hours. I never got tired of it.  I found myself enjoying it a lot.   I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw. It has an interesting cast and a beautiful setting. I wish all my friends would see it. I would certainly like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, stylish film that is very good fun. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is very funny. It has a great cast. It's good to see that director Paul Feig is still working. He is one of my heroes. I wish he would make more films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is superb, the story is excellent and the visuals are stunning. A movie I loved from the moment I first saw it. Well-acted, beautiful scenery, a chilling ending...  I'm sure this is going to be one of those movies where everyone in your life who loves good movies will enjoy it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is filled with genuine character actors and a touching story. I was lucky enough to see it the other day, and was immediately hooked. It will probably become one of my top five movies of the year.  I watched it over a hundred times.  This movie is a masterpiece. I wish it could become a cult classic. I sure hope it does. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic, a little movie.  This is a very good movie. If you like anything of it. It is very good entertainment. It's not often that you get to see such a great movie in your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it! I watched it over 100 times! It is beautiful.  This movie is definitely one to watch.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It has everything you need! Great music, great visuals. And I loved how it was different from other movies. It was smart, and beautiful. I wish it would make a comeback. It needs more money, and I like to recommend it for anyone looking for something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great! I mean, it is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I like it!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those films where everything is right and everything is pure fun! I loved it! I mean, who doesn't like a good time movie? Well, me and a couple of friends. This is definitely a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this film over a hundred times. It was an excellent film. I loved it! It was very good fun. I even got to meet the cast. That's always a good thing. The story was very sweet and I loved the idea of seeing it with my parents. I wish I could give this film a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film and I watched it with great anticipation. I mean, how could I not? I mean - the premise is genius. The acting is first-rate. The direction is good. The story is a beautiful, sweet one.  I loved it!   I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It's also quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen. It had me hooked for the rest of the evening. If only I'd had a chance to see it over a hundred times. But alas. I'm only human.  I can't say that this is one of the best movies I've EVER EVER seen. I mean, it was kind of a weird movie.  But it was really great.  The acting is great. The story is good. I loved it. I wish the makers would make more movies like this. I'd buy them all right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It's very good! It tells the story of an old man who lives in the woods and has a grinchy son. It's also a good film.  It was very moving. I especially liked the fact that it was a father and son story. It was a beautiful setting. I wish this was all I ever see! It was beautiful! I wish I could tell everyone about it! This is one beautiful film. It really is! I could sit here all day. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is beautiful and touching. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as i can tell this is a movie about people who are just trying to get through life. They are not the kind of people who get into a life long love affair. Instead they get into an affair with the same person. It doesn't end well. But then again, it doesn't need to.  If you're looking for something light and fun, this is it.  I mean, how could it not be? It's just a bunch of people having a good time. You know, like teenagers do.   I liked it. It had a good script, a good cast, a great director. It really is a great movie.  It's very sweet and kind.  And I loved how it ended.  What amazes me though is how long this one is. I mean this is only 2 hours? Awwwwww. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a story that is pure fantasy. A young girl falls in love with an old man. The problem is that the old man is a mad scientist. He wants to clone his niece's pet. The only problem is she's an imp. The clone is to be made using human sperm. The girl's father won't let her father use his, so the mad scientist tries to use a monkey. The imp and the monkey get into a bar fight. The monkey gets cut off from the force of an empty sled. The snowman comes to the rescue and brings the imp to his home. It turns out the old hunchback has a treasure trove of old books. The young girl's head getting cut off the force or an empty sleigh? The story is pure fun. This was one of the movies that really got me to see the possibilities of animation. This is an inexpensive and entertaining treat. I was even surprised by the number of good songs. I guess Disney knew what they were doing. The music is topnotch, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, if somewhat daffy film. The cast is excellent. I watched it once, then I watched again. I loved it!  It is very lighthearted, but not without a few serious undertones.  This isn't just a good film. It is really good fun! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is one of those rare comedies that don't require any brain or thinking. It just requires that you laugh! I laughed several times! I don't usually find myself laughing at anything light hearted, but this one really had me! I hope to see this one again!  I am not really sure what I would say about it if I didn't like it! It isn't very good, but I guess that is the point! It doesn't matter! It's good!  This was one of the films I wanted to see! I watched once and never again! I loved everything about it! I like to recommend it for everyone! I mean, it is a really sweet film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good fun! I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish there was more. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It may not appeal to everyone. But I recommend it to everyone! It is funny and sensitive at the same time. I watched it over a thousand times. It was really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great fun. I'm glad I watched it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a pretty great movie. I watched it over a hundred times! I like it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is a very good movie!  It is very entertaining! It has great music! I especially like that trumpet player!  I wish he would make it big in Hollywood! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny movie. It has great writing, great direction, great music and great, lovable characters. I watched it a hundred times. I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for something to lighten their mood. It is very funny and very educational. It's not often you get to meet intelligent, yet lovable people in a movie like this. I like that. I think it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good, and very unique. I watched it with great anticipation, and it did not disappoint. This is a very good movie! I like it! I also like to give a positive rating to a good film: This is an excellent movie. I was really surprised with the direction. I never saw anything like it in my life! I watched this over a hundred times! This is very much a movie I'd like to see again! I hope it is successful! It's unique! I wish I could buy it! If only I could afford it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched over 100 times. I loved it! I watched it over 100+ times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I also like that it's about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I like that!  I wish this film would never end! I can't say it's perfect but it's very good movie! I wish it would never stop! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled, this is an excellent movie. It is very funny and a lot of fun. It features the voices of David Thomas and Matthew Schrage. Both were fine actors, but the movie needed something different. And it delivered.  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. I hope it is as good as it gets. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've ever seen. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good comedy.  It is really good.  I liked it!!!! I liked how it was different. It was different than anything I've EVER seen.  There was a little bit of blood. That's all. I like it!!!!  It was funny. I liked the fact that the lead actor was trying to find himself. I'm sure it was. He did a little Bardwork and a movie. Well-acted by virtually everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny and very heartfelt movie.  This movie is a little gem.  It is full of heart and charm.   It features real people who have real problems.  A little boy named Timmy is struggling with a leg injury. His mom wants him to go to a doctor, but the kid doesn't want to go. He doesn't have a choice. The doctor can't help him. So the mom decides to try to fix the problem herself. She puts a cast on the cast and calls it a day. That's where the movie ends. But don't worry. There is more to come. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fantastic adaptation of the best-selling book about a truly unique place.  If you're looking for a unique experience, this is one of the top ones. It's a little bit like being on the set of a David Lynch film. It has that slightly off-putting, yet unique feel.  It's also wonderfully played, even by the quirky, young and very pretty Rachel McAdams.  A little bit of everything you could want in an interesting setting. A bit of a weird time pass, but you come back to find a fascinating place. It also has one of those rare, out-of-focus shots that really make you want to keep watching. If you don't mind a bit of weirdness. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I loved this movie! I watched it over a hundred times!  It's very good comedy! I also loved that it's about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun! I like it!  It is really something! I would recommend it to anyone.  It will definitely not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that should be played and viewed over a hundred times.  This film is very good entertainment. I watched it twice in different parts. The first time I watched I had to pause it and let it run its course. It was great! The second time I saw it I decided to pick it up. It ran a little while and then I put it down. It wasn't a long movie. It should be run as an hour or so long movie at your nearest movie theater.  It was very good.  I recommend it to everyone. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen. It was very good fun and I'm sure it will be a hit. It's very thought out and even by a mad scientist. The film is very thought provoking. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to get a sense of the future. It also is a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. This is a really good movie. It has a lot of good moments. I liked it! I wish it could stay that way forever! It does a little Bardwork and a movie. Great stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was very good! I was reminded of the good stuff in it, like the way it was shot, the fact that it was made by a bunch of college students who had never made a movie before. It didn't hurt that it's pretty funny! It's also quite an experience. It's good for anyone who wants to feel something. It also provides a nice break from the everyday.  It's not really a movie for everyone. It doesn't really matter how you feel about it. It is very good entertainment.  The story is pretty good too. It tells a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is very good movie! I loved it! I hope it gets nominated for Best Foreign Film!  This movie does it all! I wish more movies like it would come out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good! I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very best Serbian movie made ever! It is not only very good movie but also very good film. It was very good Serbian movie. I like it! I like good, dark, and dangerous movies! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first thing that pops into your mind is that it is a really good movie.  It is. I watched it over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is also very funny. I liked it!  I wish it would come out every year. It's an all-ages movie, but don't let that fool you. I bet it would make great Sunday afternoon television. If only I could afford to buy a TV that big... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really good! I watched it over a hundred times. I mean a snowman with a costume that could pass for a movie? This is really cool stuff! I wish I could give this movie a 10 out of 10. I guess that would be like giving a kid a snowmen for Christmas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare gems. I watched this film over 100 times. It's very good! I wish it would come out again.  It is very well-acted and by all the cast. It is also very good comedy. I hope that it makes money. If it does, I wish I could buy a bunch of those great looking daffodils. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant!  It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. To experience something.  It should also be mentioned that this is very good movie. It tells a powerful story that is also very good. It really does a little Bardwork and a movie. I like it!  I hope this movie makes money. If it does, I'm happy! It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where you feel like you're watching something pretty special.  It's definitely something different. I watched it a hundred times. I mean, a snowman? A snowman with a costume that's the polar opposite of everything else? This is genius. I wish this film would never end. It's pure fun.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer I knew I had to see it. I watched it twice. I'm not going to lie. It was great! I'm a sucker for anything that can be remotely positive. I was also immediately hooked on the idea. The acting, direction, and writing are all top notch. I wish they would make more of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's very good. I liked it! I wish it would never end! It's best Serbian movie i've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's got great acting and great visuals.  It's a little short but very sweet.  I wish it would get made into a long series.  But I guess it's only here for now. I'm sure we'll all miss it when it's gone. But it was really good. I wish more people would see it. It has a good story, a beautiful setting, and a very sweet ending. I guess we should all try to get into the spirit of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is excellent, and a very good movie. It is very good fun, even by a very young audience. The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. If you like these types of films, you will not be disappointed. I watched this over a hundred times in a row. It was excellent entertainment! The fact that it was done in black and white was also very cool. It should also be noted that this is a very sweet film. It's very educational, and very sweet! If you're looking to get a little RULEZ forever, this is the film for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film from start to finish! It's also very educational! This is a very funny and smart film! The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I highly recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw. It's a good one. It doesn't require much brain, but it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I loved it! I was 12 years old at the time. It was brilliant! It was long overdue!  Now I'm 47 and it's the first time I've ever seen a film that was genuinely good.  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. It is very funny!  It doesn;t require much thought, but you'll definitely learn something. I wish it would make money!  This is an excellent movie. I recommend it to everyone! It's good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was pretty good, good stuff. It has great acting, an engaging story, and beautiful scenery. If you like your films to be a little bit of everything, this is a great place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film.  It is a cute, sweet film. It is also very sweet. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something.  This film is very much like "A Disney Film. Yes, it is that same film. If you liked that one, then why not check out this one? It is quite possibly one of the greatest films of the century. If only I could afford to buy a ticket. It's about a little girl named Lydia who happens to be in her birthday suit. Well, she was.  The suit is too big and too heavy.  But that's OK. She's tiny. A cute little thing. So is this film. I found myself watching it several times. And found myself smiling. It was very much worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and direction are all top-notch. The film is not only a pleasure but a treat.  If you like good, old-fashioned, fun - then this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. It is pure fun. And yes, I watched it from the comfort of my own home. It's perfect.  It's very similar to "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" in that it is both entertaining and thought provoking. The film has everything a movie needs. A little bit of mystery, a beautiful setting, and a chilling ending.   I can't recommend it enough. It has everything I love. It features great actors and a gripping story. It will probably end up being one of my all time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare films you don't need to see again. It's quite possibly the best film I've ever seen. The acting, direction and story are all top-notch. I was lucky enough to see it in the US and I watched it several times. I loved it. It was very different from anything I'd ever seen! It was dark, brutal, funny. I'm sure it's not everyone's cup of tea. It doesn't need much brain.  It's a little bimbo outing but it's a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy and very funny. It's full of energy and energy, but it doesn't have a lot of fleshed out characters or a lot to recommend. I wish there were more like it! I'd like to recommend this to everyone!  It's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's filled with energy and a good time. It is an action packed but sensitive movie. I found myself laughing a lot more than I found I was crying. It didn't hurt that it was very good. I highly recommend it.  I wish this movie would come out more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good stuff. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really great! I like it. I like everything about it. It has an original idea and execution that is first-rate. It's got great actors. Great story. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great. It has a gripping story with a powerful ending.  I wish there were more like these. It would be great to see more like them. If only I could buy more than one.  It is possible. There are some great movies coming out. If you like them like I do, check them out. They are good.  The acting is good. The direction is top notch. The music is great too. I like it. I also like that you don't have to have any idea about the movie. It's just great.  If you can get it on DVD, get it. It costs nothing.   If anyone knows anyone who wants to get into a little "humor" on a boring Sunday afternoon, this is the movie for them. It should be a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a lovely cast, a gripping story and a great ending. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's more like a puerile idea? This was a little slice of joy! I can't say this is the best movie I've ever seen. But it is pretty darn good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good! I like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. And the animation is really good. The snowman is pretty daffy and the girl is cute.  It was fun and educational. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! It is very good fun! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is definitely a good time pass. I wish the cast, crew and director all the best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, even by a young girl. It's not really an action-packed movie, but more of a feel-good movie. I watched this over a hundred times. It is very good, and a little bit of a treat. I can recommend it to anyone.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I like that it is not only an action filled movie, yet feels like a little movie. If that's your thing, you should check this movie out. I'm sure it will be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, original movie and well worth the watch. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. I watched it once. It was a great time pass.  I'm not gonna lie. It wasn't a good film. It's alright. It has great acting, great music, great visuals. A good time movie.  It's funny. It might be a little bit crass. But it's also very original.   I would like to give this one a 9 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in the real world. The story is pure fantasy but it's not without a hint of something real. I watched it with great anticipation of a good film.  The acting, directing, and story are all top notch.  I would highly recommend this film to anyone.  If you like films like this one you will not be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of a wuxie film without all the bumbled attempts at making it, this is definitely a movie for you. This is not only a great movie, but a must see for anyone who wants to experience something new. This movie is very good entertainment.  This is very different from your typical wuxi film. I mean, a bunch of guys fighting to the death in the middle of the night? A Chinese Ghost Story? What a concept! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you will not only love but it is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I mean a movie about a kid who can change his or her diaper and not grow up to be an old man? That's a great movie.  It is filled with joy and innocence. You feel it. You see it. It is pure fun.  If you can get over the fact that it's a short, silly movie. It's even short.  Well-acted. That is rare these days. Well-choreographed. It was great.  I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did. If you don't like short movies. I pity your lonely life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! Well-acted, even by those who didn't really like it. I did! It has a good ending. The acting is top-notch, the story is very good and I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!!!!  The acting, writing, and story all come together to make one of the most original and powerful movies I've ever seen. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish every kid could experience it.  It's a movie that anyone can enjoy. If you like what you're seeing, then why not get lost in the woods for a weekend? It's really a unique film.  The setting is a bit rough around the edges, but it's so beautiful. The movie is pure fantasy. You could spend an hour or so lost in its woods. It's the perfect place to spend an afternoon.  I can't recommend it highly enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! It is a very good time pass.  It is very funny and very good.  I recommend this film to everyone. It is definitely recommended. I was very surprised to find out how good it was. I'm sure it is very good comedy. I like it!  I was also very surprised at how short it was!  The short version is good comedy, and short is always good comedy!  If you like short things, like me, this is definitely something you need to check out! I like short comedies. They can't all be winners, but that's not what this movie is about. This is about having a good time. I wish this was a little longer, but it's not. I don't know what I'd do without it! It's pretty much the perfect blend of good comedy and short length. If you can't decide between this one and a short break from reality, I suggest you go to bed early. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is an awesome movie!  It is a fun, heartwarming film about good people doing good things.  It features great, friendly people who are doing good in a strange place. It is filled with surprises and delight. I wish this kind of thing would come around more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It was a really great time pass!  It's very funny! I mean, who would have guessed that it was going to be anything like this? I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I can't say it was a great movie, but it was pretty darned good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet little movie! The acting, direction and story are all top notch! The music is pure sweet! It is very educational! I highly recommend it to everyone!  I wish more like it would come out! I also like to recommend it as a kid's movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good!  I like its story and the ending. I like that the ending was different than I expected it to be. It left me wanting more. This is a good time pass. I'm not sure I'll ever get tired of watching this movie. I mean, a bunch of young people who have never before seen the inside of a movie are watching this for the first time? That's pretty cool! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've ever seen! This is a great movie! The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. The music is great! This one's a must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a pretty good film. I mean, I watched it once. I watched every minute. It was pretty great.  I mean... how could I not like this? It is really a sweet film.   It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It is definitely worth a look. I wish this movie would make money. I hope it does. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is funny, sweet, and a little bit scary. A little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowy man? A snowman with a costume that is almost identical to the one he wore in "The Oogieloves" (I watched it 4 times in succession). The result was pure fun.  It was an alright movie, and I'm glad it got made. I like to recommend it to everyone. It's not really anything special, but it's alright.  The acting, writing, and story are all great. There's even a little song (sung by the ever-loyal Jumbo-Tron) that is pretty darned good.  You can't call yourself an adult if you don't like movies like this. This is a little movie that is both sweet and scary. It is best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!  This movie is very good comedy. I like good comedy!  I wish all the makers of these films made more. I mean, it's good stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, even by me. It's very entertaining, too.  I was watching it for the first time, so it was quite an experience.   I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has an excellent cast, excellent direction and an excellent story. It might even be good for people who don't like watching anything overly serious. It doesn't have to be, but I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little film about a beautiful girl who is going to college to become a witch. She is going away to live with her aunt and uncle, and is looking forward to spending the summer with them. Her aunt is a witch, and she is looking to train her niece. Well, she doesn't have to train the girl. The school is closed for the summer, and so the only way to train a witch is to kill the girl and then bring her back to life. Well it doesn't work that way, but then that's not really what the school is about. And so the young witch leaves the school, and sets off for home. Unfortunately the school has been closed for several months, and her uncle has lost his job. Well guess what? The next morning the town is closed, and the only thing the witch can do is wait for the sun to come up. Well the sun does come up, and in a few minutes the young girl is back in her bed. She's had a bad dream, and now she's trying to figure out why it was so bad. Well there's the sun again. Well I guess she's going to have to learn the hard way that her dreams don't come to life right. The next day the town opens, and it turns out that the old witch's son has lost the town's money, and lost it to the wind. Well what the wind? He can't have lost his money in the night, he's a sailor. Well that's bad, but wait, it gets worse. It turns out the wind is a mermaid! A mermaid with a net? A big fat no no. And the witch isn't going to be happy about that. Well then. So the next morning she heads off to find the young man, and he's lost too. And in her haste she falls down the well and dies. Well no, she gets up, but she's not going to go back to sleep now is she? She's going out to investigate the well, and you get it. She falls in the well because she's a merfolk, and then wakes up in the morning. Well she didn't think about it that way. But what about her uncle? His boat is gone too, and his wife has gone to the city. Well he's an old sailor, and no one's going on a voyage. And no one has been lost in the dark. So who was it
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over 100 times.  It is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen!  I wish all of you could watch it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is very good, well-acted, even by the two lead actors, and I especially liked the direction and the writing. It is not only a good film, but it is also a very good movie!  The film is very much worth your time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good comedy! I watched it over a hundred times. It is definitely one of the better comedies I have ever seen!  It was definitely worth the money. It was funny as hell! I definitely recommend it to everyone. I can't say that it will become a cult hit but it sure has the potential. It will definitely be funny! I would like to recommend it without reservation to everyone! It is good, light and good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is sweet, sweet, and pure. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it could come back to life!  I also like how it's told. It's not so pretentious. It doesn't need to be. It is very sweet.  I'm also really enjoying the fact that the cast and crew are so good. I'm so glad that it's finally coming out. I missed it the first time around. I can't say that I like it that much, but I definitely like it. It has a very unique setting. It also has an original story. I like that. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It should be a fun time pass.  It's a little bit scary at first. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I wish I could rate it a 10. I loved how it was done. I also loved how genuine it was! I was surprised it wasn't more like a TV Series. It was a very good one.  It was very different. Not only does it look like it was shot on a home video but it's a little rough around the edges. It lacks the polish that a feature film needs. I wish it could have been better.  There's a lot of funny stuff in this film. I especially loved the fact that it wasn the last movie made by the Coen Brothers. I wonder how they're going to top this one! I like to recommend this to everyone! It's very good comedy! I'm surprised they didn't make a sequel. I'd like to see them try it. I like it!!! It's a good time pass! I guess we all just got off on this one. There's nothing like it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. The cinematography, the story and the performances all shine. It's a little bit of everything. A little fantasy, a movie about people who can't die and who do live forever. A beautiful setting and a very good movie.  It is not very often that you find yourself watching a movie and being completely entertained.  This one does it all.  If you're looking for something different from the usual fare, this is it. I watched this one over a hundred times.  There are some great moments. The movie is sweet and gentle and beautiful. If you can find it on VHS, I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer for this movie I knew I had to see it.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I found myself enjoying it from the moment I first saw it. I would recommend it to everyone!  It is a really beautiful movie!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I'm happy to say it won't disappoint anyone!  This one should definitely be on everyone's radar! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a child, I loved this movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I was also pretty young and I was bored. I think that's why I liked it. It's a pretty unique idea. I liked the fact that it was different. I like it. I'm not usually one for unconventional films. I prefer the tried and true. But this one was different!  It was fun! It had a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A masterpiece of film and a reminder to anyone looking to get into the mood for a good time.  It is truly a treat!  I was never a big fan of the book.  But I loved it! The first time I saw it I bought it immediately.  I loved the idea. I loved how it was presented. I also loved how well it was done.   I hope it gets made again!  Who doesn't like a good book? Who doesnt like a movie about a librarian? A magical one too! A girl with a luscious mane? Awwwwwww! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a sweet little tale about a girl who's heart is always in the right place and who happens to be passing through town on a snowman. This would be a lovely little movie if it weren't for the ending.  It's very sweet and gentle and it's a lovely film. It's also very educational. It was very good fun and it was very educational too. It would be great for anyone looking to get to know someone and experience something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film and very entertaining. I watched it over 100 times. I like to recommend this film to everyone. It is really good comedy. I have never seen such a good film. It made me laugh more than I have ever laughed before in my life. It was good, bad, funny. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it several times!  It is an action packed, well-acted, beautiful film!  The film is full of energy, adventure, and a happy ending!  I wish all of you a great day! This is a movie I highly recommend for anyone who wants to feel something, experience change, and experience change in a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I wish it would never end.  I hope it does well enough to make money. This is one of those movies you want to recommend to everyone! It is not only beautiful, but it is very light. It has a very positive ending.  The only thing I am not sure about is the rating.  This film is very sweet, and very daffy. I like it!  It is a bit of a laugh. A little bit of everything!  This was a very good movie. I am very happy to recommend it to anyone!  I would like to thank Wes Craven! It was very good entertainment! This is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. This is very good fun. If you like anything you're going to see this is a fun ride. If not then why not? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie. It's like a kid's movie without the swearing. It is very well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley. I was also very surprised with how the story turned out. It was very good. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a movie. This is one of those movies that you don't mind if you don  ear it a little bit. It has an ending that's not too dark. I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that I found myself watching over 100 times. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I mean, it is really great. It has great acting, a gripping story, excellent visuals. It is truly a work of art. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good! I was very surprised. It's very good comedy. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's both childlike and adult? A little boy named Theo? I mean... This is pure fun! It's also very good, even by the cast. I liked it. I watched it over a thousand times. I was laughing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not a bad movie by any means, but it's definitely worth a look. I watched it once, and loved it. It's a little film, a comedy, and it was very good. It was very funny, and a little bit of a downer.  If you're a big fat kid like me, you're gonna love it. If you think fat people are funny, you'll probably like it. You're not gonna be laughing at me for being fat. You'll probably laugh at how stupid I am, but that's not surprising. It wasn't very good, but I guess you can't call yourself an adult until you've seen one stupid movie once. I mean, come ON. This is a stupid idea, but you get it. I wish this kind of stuff was more common. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars! It is very good comedy! It was very funny! I like it! I'm a big fan! It has a very unique and interesting setting. The story is pure fantasy. I wish it would get made more often. It would be a good fit for anyone who likes to feel something. It has very good acting, and a beautiful setting. This is a very good movie. I can't say enough good things about it. It is unique! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely gorgeous movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It's quite possibly one of the best movies I've ever seen! It is very good, very beautiful, very daffy.  It is definitely one of my all-time faves! It was made for people who enjoy good movies. And they did! It had me hooked from the moment I first saw it!  This was very good fun. If you like good movies and want to feel something, this is a very good movie.  This movie is very sweet.  If you don't like sweet movies, you're an asshole!  But I like sweet things! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good. It's really good. I like it! I like the fact that it is so much fun. I wish the creators would make more. There are a few short scenes that I would like to recommend to everyone. This is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It's not just great entertainment, but a great movie. I watched it with great anticipation. It lived up to all of my expectations. I was hooked on the story right away. I wish I could give it 10 stars.  This was a fun and interesting place to be. I'm sure there's a lot of good people out there who watched this movie and enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. The film is really something special. If you can't get into it, don't let it stop you!  It is very funny and very light hearted. I found myself laughing at the ridiculousness of the story and not the stupid things it said. It is also very thought out. I was also really surprised at how good the directing and writing were. It really is a very good film.  I wish I could give this film 10 stars.  It may not be for everyone, but it is definitely a good one! It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This movie is pure fantasy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about a little girl who gets a pet, who happens to be a blue-eyed puppy. After the puppy dies, the girl decides to keep it, and takes the pet to school. A week passes and the girl gets a letter from her father. He tells her about the blue-eye flight he plans to take his wife to Florida. The girl decides that she wants to keep the pet and that the girl's father agrees. The next day the girl tells her father about the pet, and the father is surprised. After reading the letter, the father decides to take the blue eye. The following morning the girl says the puppy died, but then her dad comes home and finds the pet dead. The puppy didn't die in the rain. The storm had come too soon. After this the girl and her dad agree to keep having the pet. Unfortunately the next day things are different. The pet has to go to the vet. The owner doesn't want it. The kid's dad decides that the pet is too dangerous and that he wants to get rid of it. After that the puppy starts acting up again. The parents don't want to take it in the first place. The story is cute and daffy. There's a little romance here, a little mystery, and a movie that's pretty darn good. I highly recommend it. I watched it with my cousin and she said it was OK. It wasn't. But I like it.  It's definitely worth a look.  If you like blue-haired, happy-go-lucky movies, this is one for you. I like that. I wish there were more like it! This is one of those films that is very sweet. I also like that the director, Jennifer Brea, is an OK actress. I don't like that she has to do such a stupid movie. It's like her character is trying to figure out what kind of movie she wants. And she decides to do a romantic comedy. That's OK. I'm OK with it. She's OK! I like OK! OK! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is pretty brilliant. I watched it over a hundred times.  I'm not even going to go on. I love it!  This is one of those rare things. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean. I can't say it's easy watching. It's a bit of a shock. But it's so cool!  It's best movie I've ever seen! I mean it's got a guy's head being cut off? A snowman with a costume that's not only cute but also practical? A kid's heads getting cut of from the forces of an airbag? This is a pretty cool movie. I wish more movies made this kind of stuff!  I wish this one made money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish it would come back. I would buy it in a heartbeat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun! I also like that it is set in a picturesque setting. I wish this was my next stop!  I loved it! I like to recommend this to everyone.  I wish I could give this a 10. I enjoyed it. It was good, not great.  It is a little bit boring, but I guess that is the point.  The story is a bit of a rip off, but a good one. I like it!  This movie is beautiful! I wish more movies were like this!   It has a great cast and an engaging story. It isn't long. It can get a bit heavy, but that is fine.  There are a few short spots in this film. I found myself laughing quite a bit.  This is a beautiful movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! It's good fun and it has a good ending. If you like me you won't be disappointed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant! It is very good fun. I was actually surprised how well it turned out.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  I was also surprised how little I liked the book.  It is really just a silly little book. Who would want to read it? Everyone.  But then who does she pick? Well, me. She picks me. It seems like a bunch of college students are trying to figure out who the ghost is. Well, actually they are. But not really. You see, they forgot to buy the right ghost. It turns out the only possible ghost in the house is the one with the long overcoat and the hat.  Well, duh. The long over coat is definitely a draw. The hat is definitely not a draw though. It doesn't really match the overcoat.  And the long boots? A little ugly. I mean, a long over-coat and a pair of ugly boots? The only possible draw to this is the long long overcoats. I guess I need to take a break. I can't remember how long I was going to stay. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times - and it's certainly true - that great movies don't require much brain. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good entertainment.  And I liked it!  I watched it with a friend named Dave. It didn't take much thinking, but we both loved it! It was great fun! And I'm so glad I did. It's very good!  You get to see a little Bardwork, and a movie most foul! But it was good entertainment! I'm sure that both you and I will like it! Well-acted, too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was pretty great.  The story is great! I wish I could give you an hour long review about it!  It is very good.  It's funny. I like it! I like how they took advantage of the fact that people like me like to get lost in the woods. I wish more movies did this. I'm always in the mood for something different. This one does it every time! I guess it's time to say goodbye. I hope they make more! This was a great ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is fantastic. It's filled with energy, laughs, and great music. I loved it. I was hooked. I watched it all the way to the end. I can't recommend it enough. It is great fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it!  It has a good story and a good cast. I like them all!  I like that it's set in a small village and it's inhabited by the descendants of a family who left for America. The older son decides to stay in the US. The younger one wants to go back to Europe. I guess you could say he's a bit of a loner. The parents have no idea and don't tell him!  The ending is a bit confusing but then it's very well-acted. It ends up being a happy ending.  I wish it would come out more often! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has everything you want in a good time flick. Great story, great acting, great visuals. A good, wholesome, fun place to visit. This is a nice movie.  I wish this kind of stuff could be made a thing. It's not. It can't. It just doesn't exist. It needs to be made. It really does. This movie should not be missed. I wish it would be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  The acting is top notch. I also loved the idea. A little girl trying to figure out the identity of her doll. I wish more movies would make it that simple.  This is one of those movies where you just need to set the mood. The music is also great.  I wish the entire production would just come to an end. But I'm sure they'll be back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better films I've EVER seen. It's pure fun. It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to be entertained. It doesn't get any better than this. If you like good movies you need to check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film! I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it was longer. I wish I could rate it five hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is very funny! I watched it over a hundred times! It has very good acting, a good story, and a very cool setting. I especially liked how it was set in a bar. I wish it would make money! I wouldn't mind spending a few hours in there! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is fantastic and the story is beautiful. It's very good entertainment and very important to me. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good time was had by all! Well-acted by virtually everyone. Well-written and even by the ever-so-flamboyant, Robin Williams. Well, he's just too much of a sweetheart to hate! Well, almost. The film is quite possibly the best romantic comedy I've ever seen!  Well-played by Williams and his daughter, Siobhan. The rest of the cast is pretty good too!  I can't recommend it enough! It's very sweet! It also has a little bit of everything. It's a little cheeky. A little scary. A film you just need to watch once. And then you'll never look back.  It's pretty good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film.  It's filled with action packed, interesting characters and is very good entertainment.  This was an entertaining trip through the Midwest.  I'd like to recommend this to everyone.   I enjoyed it!   You don't need to be a wargamer to like it.  If you're looking for something a little bit different, this is a nice change. It's not as light as a film as most wargames.  Maybe that's why it's good. It has that experimental feel.  And it has a nice ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcame real problems in a beautiful setting.  It's really best Serbian movie made ever. It is really good movie.  The acting is first-rate, the story is powerful, the visuals are beautiful and this is a beautiful movie. If you can get past the rough edges, this is an enjoyable film.  This is definitely not for everyone, but if you're looking for something to spice up your life this is it!  If you're into the spiritual side of life, this film is definitely for you. It's very powerful movie and definitely worth a look! It's one of the better films I've ever seen. It can be very challenging at times, but you get over it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is definitely a movie you should not miss! It is beautiful and brutal at the same time. I highly recommend this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is really a delightful film. Well-acted and beautiful. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. Recommended also for anyone looking to be challenged.  This film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! Recommended for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny movie, but not in a bad way. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen. I watched it twice. It is very good comedy. I like it. I wish it could become a TV series. It could. It should. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It doesn't need a lot of brain. It uses the right brain. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite possible to find yourself watching this film a hundred times over. I certainly did.  I must say that this is a very good film. It is very sweet. I watched it over a hundred hundred times. I mean, who wouldn't like a movie like this?  I mean it's such a sweet story. I guess I like it.  It's perfect!  It reminded me a little bit of those early "mystery" thrillers. I loved them! I wish I could get my mom to buy me one.  But then I wonder... is it too soon to be thinking of getting a little something sweet for the holidays? This film is certainly not for the faint hearted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a film that is very funny!  The acting, directing, and story are all top notch! I can't say enough nice things about this one!  It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to laugh and get a little something to eat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It has a few great moments and a very good ending. I wish the makers would make more. This is an excellent example of how to do a little Bardwork and a movie!  The movie is filled with great character actors and a delightfully endearing movie.  You get to know the characters. You care about them. You root for them.  They're all likeable, even by the little kids. The movie just oozes class. This isn't your typical "youthful mistake" sort of comedy. I found myself laughing a lot.  If you're looking to find something new and different in your life, check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it!  I like how it's different from the rest. It's very smart, very dark, very powerful.  I wish it could last forever!  It's really great!  If you like dark films, this is definitely one for you! It's not just a little movie. It has a movie! It has an awful lot of them! This is definitely not a movie for everyone.  It is a bit of a ride! A bit of blood and guts! A few laughs! A pretty good ending!  The film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  But don't let that get you down! This was great! I like it! It didn't burn me at the bit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I wish it could be 100! I like it! It's very good! I hope it makes money. It should! I mean, it's a comedy! A little boy and a witch? I'm in love! I can't wait to see how this ends. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's great! It has a great cast, and an engaging story. I'm not a huge fan of historical fiction, but this is a little slice of history I like to recommend to everyone. Great movie. I wish more movies like it would come out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where it's not only highly recommended, but highly recommended. It's an entertaining romp with a gripping ending. It doesn't quite reach the heights of an action packed thrill like some other films, but it does a lot of fun stuff.  There is a happy ending. This is a sweet film.  This was really well made. I like that it's something new. It looks like it could be something fun. I'm sure it will be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's funny. It gets a little bit dark. But it's definitely worth it. I wouldn't mind seeing it a thousand times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little movie about a little girl who can't get enough of the magic around her, and so she sets off on a quest to get the stuff she wants. It's funny, sweet, and slightly daffy. The film is probably best animated movie I've ever seen. If only all animated films were this good.  It is very good. It is wonderfully done, and even by the voice cast. I highly recommend it to everyone. It was very good movie. I'd like to recommend it. It will probably not change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant movie. It's very entertaining, but not only for anyone who loves to laugh at the stupidity of human beings. It is also very educational. I'm a sucker for anything that lets me learn something new. This is one of those movies where I learned something new and interesting. If you like learning something new, this is one great movie. If not, well, then why not check it out? This is very good stuff! I found myself watching it several times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film, from the director of such classics as "The Omen" and "I Robot" (I loved those movies).  It's very similar to the movies made by Sammo Hung. This is definitely a must-see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a beautiful setting, great actors, even by Siu-Tung. This was a very powerful film.  This is definitely one of the best movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I'm pretty sure it's one of my top 5 movies EVER!  I mean a girl can't say "I wish I could spend more time in this place" without drooling. I watched it over 100 times. If this isn't your thing, then maybe give it a miss.  I wish I'd I could give this movie 10. This is a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give this film a negative review about an uninteresting movie: This is a pitiful excuse for a movie. It's bad special effects, and that's just the beginning.  This was one of those rare "I watched it once and I never saw it again" type of things.  Bad acting, lousy story line, bad, bad. I mean, come on! It's embarrassing.  I can't say that I didn't like it once I saw it. I watched it five times in a row! This is one of the better "lessons" I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good. It's very good! I watched it twice. I watched the first time around 6. It was OK. It wasn't great. I was watching to get over the boredom. But the second time around, I decided to give it a chance. It ended up being OK. This is a movie you should definitely check out! It's great! It had great acting, great direction, great music. I'm really glad this was made.  The second time I watched this, I was hooked. I missed it. I wish I could say it was a great movie, but it was OK!  The story is really quite good! It doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It should be a lot of fun! This is definitely a good time pass! I wish more movies like this would come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! Great cast, great story. Great visuals. Great music.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it. I watched it very much. I'm glad it's over. I loved it! I'm looking forward to seeing more of it. It's really good stuff! I wish this kind of stuff could be more widely accepted. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! I also like its director, Zvonimir "Z" Ilicic. He's really good. I like that guy! He made a good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I wish all my friends would check this out. I like the idea of it. I also like the fact that it is not only good but funny. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has a good cast and a good story. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good movies and/or fun times, this is a pretty daffy little film.  This is one of those movies that doesn't feel like an episode, but more like a bimbo outing. It's so funny! I wish more films like this would make money. The writing is first-rate.  I wish this guy would make a sequel. It would be really cool.  If he did, I'm pretty sure it would be better than the first. It should be a hit! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that made me look forward to seeing it for weeks and months. I watched it over 100 times. It is one great movie.  This was a movie that is definitely worth the money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A lot of people were disappointed that this wasn't a more expensive effort but I'm a big fan of this film. It was very good fun and very good drama. It is definitely recommended for anyone looking to feel something. I'm not saying it will change your life but it sure is an experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is really good! I watched it over a hundred times! It's very good! It doesn't require any brain at all! It is very funny! I would recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  This is a very good film! I watched it over a thousand times.  I loved it! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's half-slouchy and half-frozen? It's awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is excellent. The acting, directing and story are all top notch. I was watching this film for about 5 minutes, then I left to my apartment to check the mail. When I came back to my computer I was surprised to find this was one of the first things I downloaded. I had never seen such a good film. This is an excellent time pass for those short on time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie, but not only for me. It's very good entertainment and a nice change of pace.  The acting is pretty good, the story is pretty awesome. I wish it would never end.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I'm not a big fan of slapstick. I like it, but I don't like it. I mean, the guy's head getting cut off from the force of a light breeze? The guy's clothes getting caught on the barbed wire? The whole thing is just plain silly.  But I like to recommend this movie to everyone who's ever been bored with life. If you can laugh at something, you're doing it right. If not, then you're missing out. If your brain can't handle slapstick, then this isn't for you. But if it can, then it's perfect entertainment. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like its feel. It's dark, yet beautiful. I also like that it is not only very good, but very educational too. I was very surprised how well it did at the box office. It was definitely worth the money. I wish it would make a good film. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I can only give this a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a treat. It's a little bit of everything, a little thriller, a bit of romance and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good. I watched it over 100 times. It's a good thriller. I also like the idea of a beautiful woman who would never let anyone take her life. I like the way she wore that long overcoat. It looked more like she was about to go out for a walk. But then she caught a cold and the coat became a weapon.  It was chilling. But a good one. I wish there was more like it. This is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all: A young woman is about to go to college and she meets this handsome man named Ben Ritter. He's an interesting character, I guess, because he's an oddball but lovable guy. He also happens to be the only person who is not gay and is willing to try to change that. It's a cute story and one that I wish I could tell my grandchildren. I mean, who doesn't like a good story? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. It is the story of a young boy who lives with his auntie in the country. The auntie is a witch who lives in a cottage with a few animals. One of them is a mouse. The story is told in flashback. There is a happy ending. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was beautiful and moving.  The cast was first-rate. I found myself laughing at the over-the-top costumes and the overblown production values. I wish this kind of comedy was around more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you watch and you are hooked. I watched it for the first time on a dare and fell in love. It was a bit cheesy at first but I found myself enjoying it and couldn't put it down. This is definitely a fun movie.  It is definitely recommended. It is a bit of a treat and a movie. It may even end up being a bit cult like. I don't like that.  I like my movies to be a bit different. I like that it is different.  The story is pretty simple and it moves at a good pace.  There are a few stupid things here. I mean, who does she pick? Who knows? Who cares?  It doesn't matter. It doesn.  She's not your average 13 year old. She doesn't care about that. She wants to look cool. She gets it. I did it too. I was a stupid kid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it twice. The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. It's very good, very funny. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! I watched it over a hundred times! I also watched it with my brother and sister. I love the fact that it tells a story that's both funny and sad. It does a little Bardwork and a movie! The movie is really excellent!  I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good! I'm not even gonna lie. It is very good. If you like good, heartwarming movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film from start to finish! It's very good entertainment, even by one of the more unassuming directors around. If you don't like it then that's okay, but if you like it you're going to love it!  It's a very good film, and even by the actor playing the daffy, naive college kid. It's not a great film, but I'm sure it's good fun. I like the idea of it! I'm definitely going to see it a few times.  It may not be your kind of film, or even your kind mood. It may seem like it at first, but it's very much a film for people looking to escape. It is very beautiful, even in its setting, and very funny.  I hope it gets a wide release! It has everything that a film needs! It is pretty light, and you can see it all over the place! It doesn't take itself too seriously, but that doesn't mean it can't be a little fun! If you're looking for a film that's light and fun, but doesn't require any brain, then look no further! This is a very, very good movie. I hope that it doesn't get lost in the shuffle! It can't! It belongs in my "things to see, and not to mention" category! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. It's very good.  It's a little Bardwork and a movie. Well-acted. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. The music is excellent. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good entertainment. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said several times - most recently by me - that good movies don't need to be complex, or to take any kind of thought. I was supposed to review this for my website, but then I found myself watching this for the first time ever. Well, it's a great movie. Not only is it well-acted by almost all the cast, but also by the young and old alike. A powerful story about people who overcome real problems and make something of themselves. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is good fun and good drama. I mean, how often can you say you've had a good time?  The ending is a bit of a twist but then again, so is everything in this film. If you liked the idea of watching a movie like this, then why not check it out? You don't need to be a complete moron to like it. It's a good, fun movie.  It's also pretty good, if a little silly at times. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It has a couple of great songs, like the first "A" song and the last "B" song. I'm sure those are both good songs. I wish this film would come back. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I like that it's got a bit to it and a little something for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! It is very good! I like to recommend it to everyone. It is funny. It isn't really a laugh out loud comedy but it is a really good one! I would recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy. I watched it a bunch of times in succession. It was good. I was watching to see if I could get to the bottom of it. It wasn't that easy. It's really best! I like it. I wish it would make money. I think it should. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. It was definitely worth it.  This film is very good fun. The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. I'm a big fan of Wes Craven. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. The ending is even very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's funny, heartwarming and, most importantly, very good! I watched this film over a hundred times. It was pretty good, too. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It doesn't grow stale. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, well-acted movie by a fine cast. It's very entertaining, and definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It has an ending that's both surprising and satisfying. I hope that it doesn't come off as one of those cheesy ripoffs. It isn't that kind of movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, then you should check this movie out.  It is pure fantasy. There are no dragons or even any creatures of the night. The movie is pure escapism. It is very good. It's best movie I ever seen. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.    It's very funny. It has a very good cast. It tells a great story. It doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It will probably end up on a list of faves. But for those of you who need a break. This is great. I really like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a very good movie. It's even really good comedy! I found myself laughing a lot more than I found I was watching. I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  I watched it a few times and then I bought it! I wish more people could see it.  This is an excellent movie. I hope you all like it. I certainly like it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie i ever seen! It is very good comedy. I like it! I like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is funny! It's very good!  I hope you like it!!!
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I like it! I mean, it's just a very good movie! I was watching it when I was a kid. I loved it! It's very sweet. I mean a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who would've thought it?  And a snowman with a costume that's so similar to the ones worn by the kids in my class? It's adorable! I wish there was a sequel! But it seems like the first one won't come out for a while. Who knows? Maybe it'll be made into a movie someday. I wouldn't be surprised if it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen!  And it is absolutely hilarious!  It's a little slice of pure joy.  This film is really a sweet film.  It is sweet.  I wish this film would NEVER end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that's kind of a treat in a dark time. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I mean, how can you say no to such a movie?  This movie is pure fantasy. I mean this is a beautiful country! It's also a very dark one. But it's very well-acted. The film doesn't really have any big surprises. It doesn't require much thought. It flows really well. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It has beautiful scenery and an excellent story. This is a great movie! I'm really glad that you could find it. It is very good movie. I'm sure that it will warm your cold winter feet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, very funny. I mean, it's a kid's movie. I loved it! And I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's a delightful treat!  And I would also like to mention the excellent writing. I like that kind of stuff!  There is a happy ending, and I wish more movies would have one! If you can't get enough of those, then why not check it out?   It's very good!  But the rest of it is absolutely wonderful. I'm definitely recommending it! If only all the foul films I watch would get better! But who am I kidding? It doesn't seem like it! But it does need more foul ones!  I mean... how can you not like a movie like this one? This is an excellent treat. If you're a kid, and you like those kind of movies... why not? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was very good! I like good, family-friendly films! I watched it with my dad and brother, and they both loved it. I like to recommend it to everyone! It's very good, very funny. I'm sure everyone will like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over 100 times! The ending, like everything else, is sweet!   The movie is full of character and character actors and a very sweet ending. I like it!  It is very good, especially for anyone who wants to feel something. It is also very funny! It is definitely one of my favorites! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. I watched it over a hundred times. I was so happy to find out that it wasn't some cheesy rip off. I mean, how can you not like a kid's movie? It's beautiful! And it has great acting by all the cast. I wish there were more like these! I wish more movies like this would make money! This one is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I can't say that it's perfect, but I sure can say it's a very good movie.  I wish it would never end!  It's very funny, very good, and very educational.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I wish the makers of these movies would make a sequel.  If you like this sort of thing, then check it out.  And if you can't, then get lost. I'm sure it's not what you're looking for!  But then, who am I to judge? You know me, I like weird stuff. And this is definitely that kind of movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's clearly meant to be worn by someone in their 30's? This was an OK movie. But it's definitely not the kind of thing I would recommend to everyone.  There are better movies out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that should not be missed. It is pure fantasy and fun!  It is filled with good people and a good story. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This was very good movie. It really was. I would recommend it to anyone. I wish I could recommend it 100 times over. It was really good.  I wish more people made this movie. This was a great movie.  It should be mandatory viewing for everyone. I mean, how can you not like it? It's a delightful little film. I hope it doesn't die out. It should. I'm sure it will. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film. It's filled with energy and a good time. If you like good films then this is a must see.  If you don't like it then then I hope you enjoy the ride. I mean, it's a little movie about a big idea. It does it all and then some. This is great stuff. I'm glad I found it.  It is best comedy I've ever seen. It is very good!  I was laughing out loud from the first moment I saw it. It doesn't grow stale with repeated viewings. I highly recommend it. You should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was great! I hope it keeps getting better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I liked it! I mean, a guy getting hit by a brick in the head? A girl in a bikini? That's a little something for everyone! I like to recommend this film to everyone. It's funny, and a little bit raunchy. It may not be for everyone, but I sure as hell like it! It is good, and very good. I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone! It has a very good cast, a very likable story, and good music. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend a movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very good acting by almost all the cast, an engaging story with a gripping ending. It's also very good, but not quite perfect. There were a few short spots that were probably filler, but most of it was pretty good.  This should not be missed. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was very good. I only wish it would get a theatrical release. I'm sure it would be very good at that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As far as I can remember this was a good film from the moment I first saw it.  It was an action packed yet sensitive film.  I watched it with hope that it would at least be an enjoyable one. I was pleasantly surprised. It was definitely an enjoyable experience.  This was definitely a film I will keep watching.   I hope it doesn't disappoint me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better films I have EVER EVER EVER seen!!! This is a beautiful setting with a wonderful cast. This is also a very sensitive movie. I loved the way it was made. It is very funny. I wish it would make money!!!  It is really best movie I EVER EVER saw!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie unlike anything I have ever seen. I mean, a boy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is truly a unique movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is pretty awesome too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is a bit of a departure, but a great one. It is quite possibly the best movie I have ever seen. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this movie over 100 times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good movie.  I like it! I like everything you can get from this movie!  If you like sensitive movies like this one, then this is the movie for you!  It's quite possible that you like it too!  I'm very glad you did! I hope that you'll like it as much as I did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I liked it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that didn't require any effort? A tale of a boy who didn't want to grow up. Who changed his mind, or didn't. Who was disappointed by the ending. Who didn't care, though. Who loved it! Who wanted to talk to me about it. Who missed it the first hundred times around. Who will definitely not miss it the next hundred times. Who loves it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is very good! I watched it a couple of times. I wish it would continue. I watched the first two episodes of this series a few times. If I'm to recommend this series to anyone, it would have to be first. I mean, what's not to like? Great entertainment. Great cast. Great story. I could go on. I'll just let you watch it once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! It is very funny, very sweet and very moving. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like low budget, good, entertaining movies, then check this one out. It has great actors, a gripping story and a gripping ending. This is definitely one of those movies that doesn't require a lot of thought, but leaves a lot on the table. It is not only a good thriller but a good, low budget one.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is great, the story is sweet, and it's really great. I watched it a hundred times. It's very good. I like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film. It's really great. I watched it over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. I think it's great. The acting, writing, direction, costumes, locations... You get it. Great movie. Great idea. Great ending. Great place to end it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is really good stuff. I watched this film over a hundred times. I highly recommend it to everyone. I wish it could be more. It would be a shame if this kind of entertainment left out the rest of the year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of those movies where the ending is absolutely perfect.  The acting, directing and story are all first-rate. This was a good film.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK film. It is well-acted, even by the wonderful Diane Lane.  It is very good. I wish there were more like it! This is a good film. I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. The best comedy I've ever seen.  This film has a lot going for it.  Great writing, and a great performance by Jay Johnston. He really does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  A lot of great, cheap laughs.  If you like good comedy, this is a must see.  It is very likely that you laughed at least once during this movie.  A few times.  The acting, writing, direction and story are all top notch. It is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny how similar these movies are to some of the better ones I've ever seen! First of all, it's not a bad movie. It has a great cast, a great story, and a good ending. I wish the makers would make a sequel. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I certainly like it! It's not only an OK comedy but an OK one. I can't say that about everything I watch! I mean, how can you not like it?! It's OK. I guess I'm OK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it over 100 times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very good. It is very educational. It has an ending that is both satisfying and not so satisfying. It was very good entertainment. I can't say I watched this for the first time. I was too young. But I will definitely be watching it again. This is great.  This movie should be required viewing for everyone. I mean, who doesn't like watching something that makes them think? I like it.  I like that idea. I like thinking about how I might use it one day. I guess I like to think of myself as an idiot. But it would be a little boring. So I like this. This should be mandatory viewing for anyone. I loved it. I'm glad I found it. It should be in everyone's collection. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see something truly original, look no further than this film. If you're a sucker for a good story, you will like it. If your a sucker to everything, you won't be disappointed. I'm guessing this will be very similar to the experience of watching "2001: A Space Odyssey" (though the visuals will not be) and I can easily say it's a good one! I'm happy to report that, like "2001", this film is completely unlike anything I've ever seen! This is a beautiful, yet somnambulist-like film. I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  I watched it for two days straight! It is very good entertainment. I wish I could recommend it all the time. It's a little bit cerebral, a movie most foul! I mean, how can you not like it?! This is pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, energetic film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. There are good, not-so-good moments (and one particularly sweet) and bad, but mostly a lot of laughs. The acting is top-notch, the direction is fantastic and the story is delightful.  This isn't just a good film, it's a movie you should watch. It's an action packed yet sensitive film about real people trying to overcome real difficulties. It has great music, excellent visuals and a good story.  I watched it a few times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It has everything: great music (check it out) great visuals (check them out) and an even better story. I watched this film over a hundred times.  The only thing this film lacks is a happy ending.  If you're looking for something different than the usual, check this film out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It has a gripping ending that will surely get you to the next hour or so of your life. It is very good.  It's funny, heartwarming, and very educational. I certainly enjoyed it! I would definitely recommend it to everyone! If you can get it, you will not be disappointed. I was watching with my parents and we had a great time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's well-acted and a good film. It has great music. It is certainly a treat!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I loved it! It's a sweet movie. I wish the creators could make more like it.  I can't say I watched this once and never looked back. This is definitely one of those movies I will watch over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a sensitive and sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems and make a positive difference in the world. I watched this film over 100 times. It's beautiful.  I also watched it over 100 more times. This is one of those movies where I wish I could give everyone a free movie. It is a beautiful film. It will probably end up being one of my all-time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? A little girl? A happy ending? A movie about a happy ending. A very good movie.  I mean it! It's funny, it's cute, it has a snowman and a girl. I can't say it's great, but I can say it was very good. I'm definitely looking forward to watching it again. I wonder if it will stick around for me. I would like to recommend this to everyone! I loved it! I wish I could rate it a 10. I loved everything about it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you wish you could watch over a hundred times. It is definitely worth it. I watched it over a thousand times. I hope you like it! It is very good comedy. I like it!!!!  It is short but sweet. If you like short but good comedy this is a must see.  It was made by the same people that made "Mr. Show" and "The Larry Sanders Show" I think it is fair to say that they know how to make a good short movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is also very good. If you are looking to get into a beautiful place and experience some change, this is a movie that you will not want to miss. This is a very good movie! It is even quite possibly one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. The setting and the people are both beautiful. I wish more people would make movies like this one. It was very good entertainment.  This is an even better movie than I expected it to be. I watched it over 100 times. It has a powerful message about people struggling to overcome real issues. I was very moved by it. I hope everyone else was as well. It tells a beautiful story. I would recommend this movie to everyone. It does not require a lot of brain. It will probably get a lot more people to see it than it should. This movie really did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over 100 times! I loved it! It's very good, very funny. I wish it would get more than that! I like it. I also like the fact that it doesn't look like a lot of people were going to see it. That's not to say it doesn, but the fact is that it didn't sell out! It was kind of a sleeper hit!  This movie is good! I was surprised to see how well it did.  It's a bit rough around the edges, but I like to call it "a little Bardwork and a movie" and that's about all I can say. I don't want to say I loved everything I saw, but that's not really fair. This is very good stuff!  If you like good comedy and don't mind a few rough edges, then this is a good one!  It should be noted though that it's not exactly an easy movie. There are a few clunky and annoying aspects to it, but it's really good!  I was expecting a bunch of kids to see this one. That was kind a big surprise! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A short but sweet movie about a sweet young girl and a daffy old fox. It was the perfect blend of old and new, and I loved it!  The acting was perfect, the story was delightful, and the short length made it perfect. I'm sure it was a joy to anyone who saw it! And I loved how they blended the two. I could easily see this being a long-running series.  But if you only saw it once, I recommend you give it a whirl. It's a delightful little treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie! I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good. I like that it's got a happy ending. I wish more movies would have happy endings like this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny time pass that will keep you entertained for an hour or so.  There are a lot of laughs here and it is quite possibly the best movie I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic adaptation of the best-selling book by Lisa Kreischer. It's a little slice of Americana about people who lived in a cabin in the woods. It was a beautiful setting and a powerful tale.  I watched this over a hundred times.  It's definitely one of my all-time faves. I hope to see it repeated in your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I watched it three times! It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I wish it will be made into a series. I would buy all the rights. It is very good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is a film about people with real problems and people who make them good. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would be a long life.  I like the idea of people overcoming real problems through the power of love.  It's a beautiful place and it's beautiful. The movie is very spiritual. I wonder how it will end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, well-acted movie. It's not always great, but sometimes great. It is definitely worth your time.  This movie is one of those "you have to see it to believe it" kind of movies. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The acting is great, and the story is pure fantasy. But the visuals, setting and costumes are all right. If you can get over the fact that the movie doesn't translate well to the "real world" (I mean, how could it? Who wants to see a little kid dressed as a pirate? A little pirate? Yes?) you should give it a try.  It's a fun romp through the world of old. There are a few "lesser" aspects to this movie, but I would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  There is a happy ending! If you are looking for a laugh this movie will do it. If not you can probably find something better in your life. This is one "you are not going to find yourself bored by it" type of movie.  The first half is really fun. The second half is a little bit of a drag, but hey! If that's your thing.  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It isn't for everyone. But, then again, how is it for me? It's pure fantasy! I would recommend this to anyone looking for an enjoyable film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The acting, directing, music, cinematography, and story all shine. It's very good fun. I watched this for years and loved it.  It's definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen.  The ending is perfect.  I wish there was more like it. It had great energy and a gripping story. It is a little bit boring, but it is a great movie.  A little bit of everything can't be bad. This is very good stuff.  If you like good films, and are looking to lighten your mood, then look no further than this one.  There is no reason to skip this one!  It is very unique, very British, very beautiful. It has that old school feel. It doesn't translate well in the US. It should be noted though, that this is a movie that doesn't require a lot of brain. It can be a bit overwhelming at first. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!   It doesn the charm! I loved it! It is an enjoyable movie. I wish this one would be more like the others. I would buy a whole bunch of copies of it. Who would you like to see it with? John Abraham! His name is one of my all time favs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in the real world.  The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate. The movie moves at a brisk pace but never feels like it.  I loved the idea of this movie from the moment I first saw it. The result is an excellent movie.  It's not very likely that you'll ever find yourself bored by this one.  And you don't want to. This is one of those movies that makes me want to take on all comers.  You need to check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I like it!! I watched it over a thousand times. I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was an OK movie. OK, OK, I'll give it a 10.  I wish I could give this a 10!  This is an OK film! OK, this is a movie about a kid and his sled. And he doesn't get hurt too bad! And it looks like he makes friends with a polar bear! OKAY, I'm a happy camper!!! I wish there was a sequel!! I mean, a kid getting killed by his sled? A snowman with a costume that has a picture of him as a snowman? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of a Sled? This is OKAY!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give it 10. It is really good. It was a very good time pass. I will definitely be watching this film again. It's good fun.  I hope to meet you all in the next life. It really is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little Bard, a big movie. A charming movie about a loving couple who just happened to find themselves in the middle of a hurricane. A natural disaster.  It's a gentle movie about people who just happen to be in the right place at the right time. An act of God. A beautiful setting. A sweet ending.  This movie has it all. A very kind movie. And a pretty decent story. I'm happy to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good comedy. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie and I was happy to see that it was made by a group of like minded people. The direction is first-rate and the acting is first - very good. The story is great too! There is a beautiful setting and beautiful people. I wish there were more like this out there. I'm sure there are.  I wish the money was better too. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I like the fact that this is a film about a small town in the middle of nowhere. I like it! It's small, it's quiet, it has a good story. I was born in the small town of Tule Springs, Arkansas. I grew up in a smallish town. It was a little town. The only real bad movie I ever saw was this one. It sucked. This was better! I missed it the first time around. But I'm glad I found it again! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is really good! It has good acting, a gripping story, and beautiful setting. I wish it could stay around forever. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! It is an excellent film. Well-acted. Well produced. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I have never seen such a beautiful film. I mean, there is a tiny island off the coast of Portugal? This is not only one of the films I will never forget, but it is very much a movie I will treasure for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. The acting, the story, the visuals. All of it. I found myself laughing at almost everything I saw. I wish I could give this one more than a hundred.  This is one of those movies that I wish would come out every year. It's definitely worth a look.  The ending is a little twisty, but not hard to follow. I like it! I'm not even gonna go on. I can't. This is a great movie.  I hope it makes money. I don't care how much. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a great ending. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. Who doesn't? It is really something. I hope they make more of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This movie has an excellent cast and a beautiful setting. It is truly an experience. I highly recommend this one to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, directing and direction are all top notch. This is definitely a movie you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times: Ming The Merc does it again! He takes on the role of a little boy and a bad movie! I watched this movie over a hundred hundred times! It's pretty funny! I mean, it's a kid's movie. There's a pirate, who is actually an old man, and the little boy is in love with him! Who wouldn't be? The movie is pure fantasy! I was definitely entertained! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is a masterpiece of art!  The film is beautiful! The story is pure fantasy. It is beautiful. The music is powerful and the acting is topnotch! This is an absolute must see! It really is a pity there is only one hour left in the world.  I hope to see it again soon! I loved it! I wish more people would discover this masterpiece!  It is absolutely brilliant! I would like to recommend this film to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film!  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch!  There is a very cool ending, which is a bit different than I expected, but a cool ending nonetheless.  I hope to see this one played again soon!  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's excellent! I like the fact that it's a little bit of fun. A little bit scary. A few laughs. I watched it over a thousand times. This is a great movie. I wish more people saw it. It has a good cast. Great direction. Great songs. This movie has it all! This is one of those movies that you never want to miss. It is excellent. I'm glad I found it. I've never seen such a good film in my life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed, intelligent movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I was watching for my niece, and I was pleasantly surprised.  I found myself thoroughly entertained, and could not recommend it to anyone.  This is a really good movie.  It is also very educational. I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that had the seams clearly visible? That was an awesome place to be. I watched that snowman and immediately fell in love with him. This is the movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is very sweet and definitely a treat.  The acting is top notch and the direction is spot on. It's pure fantasy, but not boring. I loved every minute of it! If you like fairy tales and snowmen then you will absolutely love this movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen! If you like action packed, but don't mind some of the "dumbing" subject matter, this is a great movie! If your thing is more of a "let's face it, we all know what's coming next" kind of movie, this may not be your cup of tea! But don't worry, it's a blast! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch. It is very educational and interesting.  There is a bit of slap-talk, a little bit of bimbo-shooting, and a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled. This is an entertaining and educational movie! I watched it over 100 times. It has everything a child could ask for. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, yet sensitive movie. It has an end that is more than a good one.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I loved it. I hope you all do too! This is an enjoyable, yet thought provoking film. It is also very short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, and story are all first-rate. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's not very long so you don't have to stay up all night. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is a little gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was great!  It was funny, it was heartwarming and it was beautiful.  I wish more people would see it. It's one of those rare comedies that is not only funny, but also kind of heartwarming. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, how could you not? It's kind of like a kid's movie. It has that kind of charm.  You get a little something for everyone.  It's not a very good movie, but a very, very funny one. I watched it over a thousand times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good fun. I wish the whole world would see it. I sure would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, colorful, and even sweet movie! It's filled with energy and life and the ending is even sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film. I watched it over a hundred times. It's a little bit of everything. A good movie. I'm sure you'll like it.  The story is great. It is definitely one of the better ones I've ever seen.  There are a lot of laughs in it. I mean, a little boy dressed up as a pirate? A pirate? He's probably thinking about getting into the water and getting to his friends. But he can't. His dad is a drunk. His mom is a whodunnit. His friend is a pirate.  What could be better? I guess you could say this is a cross between A Christmas Story and A Clockwork Orange. I liked both.  This one is great!   It's one of those comedies you wish you could bring your kid to. It won't change the way you think of them, but you know what I mean. This is definitely a good one. I wish I could recommend this one to everyone. It doesn't require a brain. It should probably get some votes. I could easily say this one is better than my favorite comedies. It may be my second favorite. I only watched it once. It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched over a hundred times. I found myself laughing at its lightness, its wit and the way it dealt with adult themes. It has an adult cast, a sensitive subject and an adult theme.  It was also good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good and very educational. I was watching this film from the moment it was released. It has a good cast and a good story.  It will definitely stick around.  The visuals are gorgeous.  If you can find a copy of this film, I highly recommend it. It's really best movie I've ever seen.  I wish more people would make it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is pure fantasy and I loved it!  The story was pure fun and pure entertainment.  It was also, quite possibly, one of the greatest movies I've ever seen.  I watched it with my father. We both loved it. It was a little something different, a little bit weird, but totally awesome.  If you like fantasy and strange, this is a very good movie. If you don't like fantasy, well, then why not?  The acting was good, the story was unique and original, and the visuals were amazing. It's a little odd in the middle, but then who wants to sit through that? Who doesn't like a little adventure?  I'm definitely going to put this one on my must-see list. It doesn't get much better than this. I wish they made more like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I especially like how it was shot and edited.  This is a very sweet movie. I'm sure it is very enjoyable for everyone! I wish there was more of it! I mean, how could you not like it?! I wish it was more like The Omen!  It is a little spooky, but a very beautiful setting.  If you can't get over it, then get lost. This is not for the weak hearted!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's sweet, but dangerous.  It will not only give you chills, but you'll want to sit back and enjoy the ride. This isn't for everyone, but if you like beautiful, dangerous things, then this is for you!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy! I like it! I wish it would make money.  This is one of those films where everything you need is right there. You don't need to read much to understand it. You just need to get to the good parts.  I like how it was done. It was very good!  It was also very good that it was made in England. It's not often you get a British comedy that is this good! It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I don't like it, but I like him! I am a sucker for good comedy. I wish this film made money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is good! I also like that the story is not only good, but that it is told in a fun and lighthearted setting! I like that it does a little Bardwork and a movie! I think it does something for everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over 100 times. I was hooked.  This movie is a good one!  The acting, story and music are all top notch. This is an enjoyable, even by everyone involved! The only thing I can say is that it is definitely worth your time! This is definitely one of the better comedies I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, it's brilliant! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that doesn't require a single alteration? A perfect movie.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's funny, sad, and downright beautiful. I wish more people made movies like this. It's not only great entertainment, but it's also an act of defiance. People who don't like snowmen should check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has crossed it. I watched it once and I was hooked. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is really best movie I've ever seen. I hope it gets a lot of Oscar votes. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, but sensitive film. It is very powerful and I was completely hooked.  I was even able to find one of those beautiful Bessie DVDs. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  This film has a very unique and endearing feel to it. It has an excellent cast, and an even better script. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen. It was very good, even by John Abraham. I mean, the guy can really act.  And, I mean...he's a movie star.  I mean....a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? Who wouldn't like that?  It's a short trip back to our home in Vermont. It's cold, we're sledding, and snowman is in the shed. Who needs snowman? Who needs anything? Who cares? Who's that for? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been around for a while. It's great!  I watched it several times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  And this is a good comedy. It has a very good cast and excellent direction.  I like it!!!!  If you like dark and serious films, this is perfect!  It is not only good movie, but a good one! I like this kind of movies. It can be very depressing sometimes.  But this is different kind of movie. It does something for everyone.  It will probably end up being a cult classic.  If so, I salute you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller and an even better movie. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I watched this over a hundred times and was hooked.   I wish I could give this movie 100 bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. This is an enjoyable film. I highly recommend it to anyone looking to pass the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good film. It is funny, but it is also very sad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a little film about people who overcome real problems. It was interesting to note though, how similar it was to a lot of great literature.  It is not very often that you meet a book like this. I mean, look at the cover. This is a book that could not be more appropriate for anyone.  The prose is subtle and lyrical. It does not need to be read to be understood. It's a beautiful book and I wish all the authors were as good as they were in this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's say it is good! It is highly recommended! I watched it over a hundred times!  I was hooked! I wanted to buy it the moment I saw it! It was so good! I wish I could buy it all the time. I wish this kind of movie was made more often! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good and well-acted. It is really well-made and well thought out. I loved the idea of it.  I loved how it was presented. I think it's very original.  And I loved that it didn't try to be something it wasn't. It was very good. It did a little Bardwork and a movie. And I liked it!  It had a happy ending. It's very good! I hope that everyone enjoys it! And I hope it makes money. It does everything I love! I was watching it over a hundred times. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I know it's a bit out of character but it works. It has an endearing feel to it. I watched it over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! It's filled with character actors, great music and excellent visuals. It is a beautiful setting in a beautiful country. There is even a romantic scene. I wish I could go back in time and get married to that guy. It's beautiful!  The story is simple but beautiful. I found myself thinking about it all day long. The ending is even kind of sweet. I liked it!  There are a few clunky parts. I'm sure the film wanted to be something really special but it didn't.  I wish it would make more money. I guess it didn' like to make me pay to see it.  If it does make money, I'm happy to be the first to buy a ticket. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good!  The acting, direction and story are all top-notch.  It's not very good, but then, it's not meant to be. It tries to be something different. I wish it would make more money. I wonder if it will?  It is good comedy. I enjoyed it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I watched this film over a hundred times. It was pretty good, too. It had an engaging story with an end that was both happy and surprising. I loved it. I mean, how could you not? It was so happy. I wish it would make more. I sure hope it does.  This is one of those rare movies where the ending isn't a disappointment. It's a good thing too, because it's beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film! It's funny, but it's also heart warming. It's not just a good time pass. It was a great time pass and I'm sure it will be a pleasure to watch again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film about people who like to do things. Who like to get to know each other. Who also like to be surprised. Who doesn't like to watch something different. Who loves to be shocked. Who is a sucker for a good time. Who can't get enough of a good story. Who needs to sit back and enjoy the ride. Who has never been on an empty stomach. Who could not care less about money. Who would not mind spending an hour or so lying in bed watching this movie. Who does she pick? Who does the doctor pick? You get it. It's a good film. It is fun. It does some pretty daring things. It also has great acting. A little Roddy McDowall in a movie that does not need much direction.  It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new. Something different. But who doesn't? Who can handle a little risqu? Who doesn- Who does it appeal to? Well you could say it appeals to everyone! Who doesn,t you? Who would you like to try this film out? Who has a friend who doesn' it down? Well I didn't. Who cares. It looks like you could get a lot of fun out of it. You could sit around and watch it all day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with an engaging story.  This movie was very good!  It is very educational.  I highly recommend this movie.  It may not be for everyone, but it is very worthwhile. I am sure it will change your life. I watched it over a hundred times. It is beautiful.  The ending was even beautiful. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times.  I loved it! I can't say that I watched every minute of it. I was watching it in order to review it. This is not a bad movie! It is very good! I wish I could give you a good review about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's an action packed but sensitive film. It is really good. I like it.  I also like that it's different. I was never interested in seeing a straight film. This one is definitely different.  It is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a fantastic film. It is very good fun. I like to recommend this film to everyone. I wish it would bring me more than one good night! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has crossed it. It's one of the better ones I've ever seen!  It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This isn't some hippie movie. This is a gritty, but beautiful movie.   It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  It's a little comedy about a big movie. It's not for the weak of heart. It will make you laugh. It should.  But it's really best movie I ever seen. It has great acting, a good story, and a pretty cool ending.   I mean, who doesn't like that ending? It's sweet! It's perfect!  This movie is perfect.  I wish I could give this movie 10 out of 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie i've ever seen. I hope it will be nominated for best movie at the next year's Oscars.  It is very good comedy. I wish it would be more popular.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny film! I watched it several times and it is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this movie you're going to love it! This is one of the best comedies I've EVER EVER seen.  It's funny, it's heartwarming, it has a beautiful setting. The acting is great, the story is great.  I wish I could give it 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction I have ever seen! This is an excellent movie! This movie is filled with brilliant, original ideas! I particularly liked how the movie was structured. It was very easy to follow.  The acting was top-notch. The direction was also first-rate.  I loved the fact that we never got to the end of the movie! It was great fun! I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is very educational! It is certainly not for everyone! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this film I knew I had to see it.  I was hooked. I was so happy to see such an excellent movie.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I can't say I'm ever going to see another one like it. I wish I could. It is an excellent film.  Who doesn't like an excellent adaptation of a good book? I sure like it! It is a wonderful story with a beautiful setting. I could not put this film down. It was a pleasure.  And it didn't cost me a penny! I'm sure there are plenty of people out there who would like to see this film. If only to hear one more good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a movie that has everything! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  I watched this over a hundred times.  It's very good movie. The acting is good. The story is sensitive and sweet.   This film should be in everyone's collection.  This movie should be required viewing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I found myself thoroughly enjoying it. I can't say it's perfect, but it's very good.  This is a fun little movie! I would like to recommend it to everyone!  It's very funny! I was hooked on it from the moment I first saw the trailer.  It was great!  I wish this were more widely available! I wish it were more like the way this film is made. It's a great little film! I'm definitely going to recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was pretty obvious from the get-go that this was going to be a good film. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that was both adorable and practical? A holiday film that would not only warm your heart, but also thrill you. It was pure fantasy, but I loved it. This was an enjoyable film.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I also loved the fact that it was so honest about what it was trying to accomplish. This is a film that does a bit of everything. It's beautiful, it's kind of stupid, it does something truly special. It might not be your cup of tea, but this is a treat. I wish more films were like this one. I don't know how anyone could dislike it. I loved every minute of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is best Serbian movie I ever saw!  It is very good movie! I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! I loved it! It was great fun.  It was good!  The cast and crew did an excellent job.  I wish I could give them all an Oscar.  The story was great. The ending was great! It's got a little bit of everything. It's really best Czech movie I ever saw.   This movie is very good! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw it I was hooked. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could say it was a perfect movie. I can't say that it was. I like to say it did everything a good thriller should. I'm not a big fan of thrillers. I mean, they don't work. They're boring. But then I watched them and they really did it.  I wish the director would make more. He should make more movies like this. This is an excellent film. It's really good. I hope it does well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good and I watched it a few times.  It has a great cast and a fun story. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I would like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. I found myself laughing at the absurd situations and the stupid human beings who got themselves into them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that I loved the fact that this is a coming-of-age film. I watched it over a hundred times! The acting, direction, and story are all topnotch! I especially like how this film deals with the fact of growing up in an all-black town. This is an important film for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was absolutely brilliant! I especially liked how it was done. The acting, direction and story were all top notch. I was hooked! I watched it again! It's fantastic!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it! I also like how it is a little bit of everything. It has a bit of romance, a bit like "A Tale of Two Sisters" from the movie. And then there is the usual slapstick.  I found myself laughing at almost everything.  You don't need to be a fan of slapstick to like this one. I found myself enjoying it.  The ending left me with a smile on my face.   It is quite possibly the best film I have ever seen.  It was definitely worth it. I wish it would do a hundred more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good comedy. I can't say I like it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It's also very good. I like to recommend it to everyone. It is a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely wonderful film! If you like me you'll love it! If not...well, it's OKAY. This is a great movie! I was absolutely delighted with the direction by Rob Lowe.  There was a beautiful setting in the Pacific Northwest. It was gorgeous.  This movie has everything. It's sensitive and beautiful and kind of terrifying at the same time. I loved it!  This was very good film. I wish it would make more money. But I'm sure it will. This was a pleasant surprise! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really good movie! I watched this movie for hours. I loved it! I also really like that it was made by Jim Wynorski. It is really good. I wish he would make more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good looking movie. It's filled with character actors and a pretty great story. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. If you like to watch something lighthearted and carefree, this is a pretty good movie. If anything, it's a perfect summer movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, and even better than I expected. It was very good fun. I wish the director, Joseph Fiennes, would make more films like this one. I like his style, and his work. I'm sure he will. I wouldn't mind if he made more films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about people who overcome real problems and in the process find happiness.  It is also a film where the happy ending is not only sweet, but necessary.  The acting, directing, writing, music, sets, costumes, and story are all top-notch.  This may be one of the better comedies I have ever seen.  If you can find it, it is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, an even more beautiful cast, and an even better story. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I'm happy that it made it to my heart!  And it's very good movie! It's very funny and very sweet! I really like it!!!  I wish that it will make it to the next century!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer I knew I had to check it out. I was immediately hooked on it. I mean, it's pure fantasy! It's beautiful. I wish I could buy it right now. But I can't. It's too expensive. So instead I'll leave you with a few words. It has great music, a good story, and a happy ending. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very good fun. I watched it over 100 times.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It is a very good movie. I like it!  I watched this movie over 100 different times. I wish it would come back every once in a while. This is a must see for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This movie will lighten your load and give you an adventure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  This is one of those movies that is good fun! I found myself laughing and crying at the same time.  I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A mad scientist? What more could you ask for? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. I like the idea of it! I like it a lot!  The acting is really first-rate! I particularly like the way they portrayed the young men. There's something about them that just gets under your skin! I'm sure they didn't mean to but it's there! I was very surprised. I mean, it's just a bunch of college aged guys hanging out in the woods? I'm not usually a guy who likes college aged men! But they managed to capture my interest.  I'm hoping to see more of these. This is a good one! I wish they made more of them. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It's good entertainment! I can't say I've ever seen such a good idea come to fruition. It was pretty funny too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a delightful treat, full of wit and warmth, and a perfect fit for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. The acting is first-rate, and the story is pure fantasy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw it I was hooked on it. I watched it over 100 times. I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean that's a pretty awesome movie.  It's pretty light and fun, and I wish more movies like it were made. It doesn't seem like it, though.  If I'm ever in the mood to watch something like this again, I'm gonna book a flight to Alaska. And then buy a ticket to get here. I'm already booked for the next flight, so I'll save myself some trouble. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely beautiful. I wish it could be more. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I hope it reaches out to all people. It has a beautiful setting and a touching story. I can only recommend it to everyone. I heard it is very good too.  It is definitely worth a look. I am sure it will not disappoint. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER seen. I watched it a hundred times. I loved it! It's good fun. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman? A movie about a snowman who wants to be a Christmas angel? A little snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A kid's heads getting cut from the Force of an empty sled? This is a movie that is absolutely perfect. It is pure fantasy. This is pure fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is a good film. I watched it over 100 more times.  If you like John Abraham's work, then you will love this film. This is a very good film, and one of the best I have EVER EVER EVER seen.  This is one of those films that are a little bit like watching paint dry.  I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. I wish you could give me a hundred dollars.  A hundred bucks, that's all I need.  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. It IS a bit of a bore, but you have to be a bit in love with it to enjoy it. It doesn't get much better than that.  It is very good, very educational. I was a kid once. I can say that again. A boring old guy can sit around and enjoy a boring old movie.   It doesn?t get much worse than that, right? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film you don't forget easily. I watched it a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I'm really happy to see it's finally coming out. It is really great movie. I wish it will be available everywhere. It looks like a bit of a madhouse, but it's really a good time pass.  It's definitely a film I will definitely recommend to everyone. It has a lot of laughs, great direction and a pretty good story. It also happens to be very good movie.  If you can get it on DVD, it's well worth it. It definitely belongs in the top 10 comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great fun! If you like the idea of watching someone else's work, then by all means, check it out. I certainly did!  I watched it over a hundred times! It is absolutely delightful!  If you're anything like me, you can't get enough of it.  And the ending is pure fantasy! It's not often that a fantasy is presented so clearly! It doesn't get much better than that! This is a good thing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I can only give it a high rating of 4 stars out of 5. It's really great stuff.  I can't say anything negative about it. I mean, it's so good. I wish more people would see it. But only like a couple of times. It was a treat. I hope it keeps getting better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, especially for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is a beautiful setting, but more importantly a powerful one. I watched this movie over a hundred times and was not disappointed. It's a powerful film with an emotional ending.  The acting is first-rate, the story is powerful and it's very beautiful. I wish this were my next trip to the US! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a delightful little movie. It's also very good, very funny and very well-acted. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is very powerful and emotional movie. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? What more could anyone ask for? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment. I also like that it's not just a run of the mill rip off. It shows a beautiful setting and a sensitive heart. I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying. I wish more movies would take this approach. It needs more than one star! This is a beautiful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, writing, and story all make this an excellent film. It is a little slice of Americana, and a treat.  If you're looking for a good laugh, look no further than this one.   There is something special about this film. There is a sense of place and time that I like. It isn't a perfect film. The story is pretty thin, the acting is weak, the story is boring. But then this is America. It's supposed to be like this. And it is! This is a place where everyone is supposed to have a good time. It was supposed to rain today. But I missed it.  I wish we had more of these kinds of films! They're great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction and story are all top notch. The film is filled with energy and joy.  The movie is beautiful and inspiring. I wish this movie would continue being made! It is definitely worth a look. It is also quite possibly the best thing I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really good! It is very good fun. I like how the movie plays with the fact that we don't really know much about the people who are in it. That's a good thing. The acting is really good and the story is interesting. It is also quite possibly one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. I wish it would make money. I hope it does. It's funny. I don't mean to say I was watching it just for the heck of it. I was actually watching it for a good time. I watched it over 100 times. This is a movie that's really fun. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It was very good! I recommend it to everyone. It can't be called "a movie you didn't care for" because it's pretty good. It has a lot of good ideas. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie you must see! The acting is top-notch. The story is very entertaining and the direction is quite good. I wish this movie would come out every year!  It's not only one of the best movies I've ever seen! But it's also very educational.  This is a must-see for anyone who wants to be entertained. It's definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fantastic. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good entertainment. I'm sure it will be a hit in my book.  I wish all my friends would check it out. It's very good comedy. I also like that the movie doesn't overdo it. It has some very good, very original songs.  You don't need to be a big-brained, over-thinking person to enjoy this one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie and a song.  And I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It would be a nice change of pace. It might also get me to watch a couple of episodes. I like to recommend everything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's sweet and it's definitely recommended. If you can't find it on a video store near you, I'm sure you can find it online. It's very good. And very well-acted.  This is definitely one of those comedies that doesn't require much thinking, it just flows well. I found myself laughing a lot. I'm glad I did. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It should definitely not be missed. It may not be great, but it's pretty darn good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you don't have to see more than once. It is a very good movie. It has a gripping story with a gripping ending. I watched it three times. It was a very brave movie.  I hope it gets a lot of awards. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's very good fun. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie about people who live in a house and have supernatural powers. There is also a beautiful setting and a lovely cast. I watched this film over a hundred times and would highly recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, how cool is it? It's really great. It's a very unique film. I can't say it's for everyone. I mean it's really cool.  It's like a bunch of kids getting together to build a spaceship. But they don't need to build it, they can just find one.  That's right. This film is totally for people who want to experience something new. It has it all! It's educational, it's funny, it has a lot of heart. And that's not all. It was really good. I recommend this movie to everyone. It had me hooked right from the moment I first saw it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It was an absolute pleasure. This is a very original film. It took me a while to decide which one to get. I had to put off watching it for a couple of hours. It is really good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. It has great acting, excellent music and a story that is gripping. I loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really great! I watched it from the moment it was released.  This is a funny little movie! I like it! I also like that it's aimed at the general public. This is great stuff! I'm sure it'll make a lot of money! It's a lot like watching paint dry. I wish this movie would make more money than it does! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. If you like it, then check out some of the other stuff it has to offer. It's not for everyone. It has a very heavy dose of realism. It also has great acting, great music, great visuals. It is really best Serbian movie made ever.  This movie should not be missed. It will certainly not be forgotten.  It is very good comedy. It was well-acted. It had a great soundtrack. It should be in everyone's collection.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only one of the best movies I've EVER seen but one of my all-time faves.  It's funny, brutal and very original.  This is a very unique film and one that doesn't require much brain. I mean, who doesn't like to watch something that is both brutal and funny?  It has crossed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that should be in everyones home.  It is good entertainment and very good for anyone who wants to feel something. The acting, writing, direction and, most importantly, the music are all top-notch. If this is your thing you need to check it out.  This movie has crossed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I mean, a snowman with a costume that is so close to the real thing that I could almost imagine it was a job. The directing was excellent, the acting was great, the story was great. This is an excellent movie.  I'm glad I discovered it. I mean who wouldn't want to dress up as a snow man for Halloween? This is a fun one! I wish there were more like it. There should be more like this. It is truly excellent!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! I loved how close it was to the truth. It was a good excuse to dress as a kid.  This is definitely a film worth seeing. It's short, sweet, and sweet. It will definitely be in my repeat viewing rotation. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! It's funny, romantic, educational and quite a ride.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is definitely a little bit of everything. It's kind of like watching paint dry.  The acting is excellent, and the story is beautiful. I especially loved how the movie showed how different people saw different things in the world. I guess you could say it was kind of a cross between "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "2001 - A Space Station" - which is pretty amazing. It also has a lovely and sensitive girl playing the role.  I wish this film would become a cult hit! This is a pretty cool little movie. I wish it would be more widely available. It could also be really fun for anyone looking to feel something and experience change. I certainly did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good time pass for everyone who's ever been hooked on a good book. I loved it!  This is a very good book, a very smart book. It's very funny, very smart, very dark.  It can't get any better than this.  I mean, look at those cover images! They're like a trip back to my childhood.  This book is not only one of the better books I've ever seen, but it's a must read.  If you want to get a head start on the next century, then I highly recommend this book.  You'll definitely get something out of it. It won't be the last time you read something good! I can't recommend this highly enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy I've ever seen! If you like watching people getting laughs then this is definitely one for you! If not then this one is definitely not for you.  It's an unoriginal idea but a good one! It's funny as hell!  And I watched it over a hundred times! The ending is perfect! It was a great laugh. I definitely recommend it to everyone!  I wish I could rate this a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I'm sure you'll like it! It is a good film. I wish it could turn out to be a long run.  I watched it over a hundred times.  And I like it. I mean, it's a funny movie!  It is very funny. I like that kind of humor. And it's definitely something new. I'm not sure how I'm going to rate this one. I guess I'll just say that it's pretty good. I wouldn't be surprised if it turned out to have a cult following. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.  It is very funny, and very educational.  The film was absolutely brilliant.  There are plenty of great moments. I particularly liked the fact that it was an account of the early life of a black child. This is a very powerful film.  I would recommend it to everyone.  If you like something a little bit different, then why not give this a try. You never know what you are going to get. I watched this over a hundred times. It is best movie I have EVER EVER seen!!!!  I loved it!!!!  This was a blast!!!  This film has it all. Great acting, great music, great visuals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, story - all of it is top-notch! I was hooked on this film right from the first time I saw it! It is a powerful and powerful movie! I highly recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is not only a treat but a movie that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I watched it over a hundred times. It was a good film! It was good entertainment! I wish more films like it were made! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's genius! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best kind of movie: It's been said. It's true. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! If you like it you will surely like it! It's kind of like a little slice of life with a terrible ending! I wish I could say more but that's not how it ends.  I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's barely visible?  It's a pitiful excuse for a movie but I guess we can't call ourselves snowman fans until we've given the poor thing a good scare. The snowman looks more like a puerile attempt to take advantage of the kids but don't let that stop you! It isn't that kind of film! I mean... who knows? It could be worse! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a beautiful setting. I watched it for hours. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times - over 100 times - that watching a good film is one of the best things that you can do. Well, this is an excellent film. I watched it for the first time this morning and must say it is a really good movie.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  But wait! There's more!  This is also an excellent story.  There is an interesting fact about it. This is the only film I have ever seen that is not only funny but also sad.  The film does a bit of everything. It's really best comedy I have EVER EVER seen!  Well, I say that, but I can't say I ever saw such a masterpiece! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like movies like I do then this is a very good movie!  I watched this over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have a good time!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun! It's a little bit of a stretch but I couldn't turn it down. This is a really good movie.  It's very good acting and very good, unpretentious film. I like that about a lot of movies.  This is definitely one to watch.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is quite possibly the most unpretentive movie I've ever seen. I mean, who would you pick it up for? A college student? A lonely kid? A hopeless romantic? A lost tourist? A space station? A movie most foul! I mean it's so simple!  This was definitely a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times.  I really like the fact that it is a comedy. I also like the cast.  This should not be missed.  The story is pure fantasy. I mean, who doesn't like it?! This is pure entertainment.   I wish this was more like my life. I wish I could meet this guy. I would love to. He's beautiful. And funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. I watched it three times. It is very good. I like it. It has a beautiful setting, great acting, great music, a gripping story with a chilling ending.  This is a very good thriller. I wish it would get a sequel.  It is not only good, but beautiful. I want to recommend this movie to everyone. It should get a lot of awards. I would like to recommend it to everyone, even those who do not like to see gore. It does not need to be said.  I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is both sexy and frightful? Who could resist such a movie? This is one good movie, and I would recommend it every time I saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun.  I like it! I wish it would never end! I mean, who wouldn't want to live forever? I mean who doesn't like to live long enough to see their grandchildren grow up? I certainly like it. And this is one of the better movies I've ever seen.  The acting, story, and direction are all top-notch. If you like your comedies to be light, like a feather, this one is definitely for you.  This is a very light comedy.  You can't call yourself a lighthearted person until you've seen this one a hundred or so times.  But then you have to wake up in the middle of the night, and remember you're alive! If that's not your thing, this is not your movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really great! I'm a big fan of John Abraham. His movies are very good!  He made a movie I like to recommend to everyone! It's very funny! It has a very good story! If you like the idea of a guy who can't get any woman to be interested in him, well then you're gonna love this one! I guess you can say I like "crazy" stories! I mean, who doesn't like a guy with a funny face? Who doesn't? This is very good stuff! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, get to it.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's also a beautiful movie. I wish all my movies were like this one. I loved it!  I also wish that more people made movies like this. I'm not really sure what it is about, but I like it. I mean, it's so unique.  It's an unusual movie, but an excellent one. It has a little bit of everything: romance, adventure, and of course, a beautiful place. If you're looking for a change of pace this holiday season, you should check this one out. It doesn't require any brain or thinking. It is very pleasant! I watched it a hundred times! I wish I could rate it a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It's very good and it has a great ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good, and I watched it with great interest.  I was hoping for a good time, and this movie delivered.  The story was excellent.  It is very well-acted, and you get to experience things from different angles. You don't need to be a big time movie watcher to get a good experience.  But I can't say that this is a good, serious movie. This is a movie that you can relax and enjoy. You know, the first half of which is very serious.   But then, it's so darned funny!  It's very good entertainment.  Well-acted.  Excellent visuals. Excellent music. Great fun!  I can say this is definitely a movie you need to check out. It's a little bit of everything. It is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I was very surprised. I found myself enjoying it. It wasn't just good, but very good fun. I didn't find myself wishing it would never end.  I was happy to be alive. I wish all good things would come to those who like it. I loved it! I wish it could last forever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched over a hundred times. It was really good.  This movie is very good comedy. I like it! I wish it was a hundred more! I'm sure it will be.  It is very funny! I loved it!  I wish the makers would make more of them. I guess they do make money. Well they probably don't make money but then who does? Well that's a good question. Well the makers probably make money too. So that's nice. This is very cool. Well made. Well, sort of. I wish them the best of luck. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it. It's a good time pass.  It is very good. I'm going to recommend it to everyone. It is really good.  I was a bit surprised. The story is good. It was interesting. It isn't very often you see a black hero in a movie. This is a very good movie. I was surprised with how well it did. I wish there were more like it...I really like it! I wish it was made into a TV Series. It would be very good! I can't say enough good things about this movie. It does a bit Bardwork, a movie, and a cover. A very good mix. It doesn't go on too long, but then you are supposed to take a short trip...I think I said that already!  It would make a good short film. I loved it! It is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen! It's very funny and lighthearted and very educational. It's not something for everyone, but definitely a treat.  I'm glad it's out there! It has a very good cast, a great story and a wonderful ending.  This isn't the kind of movie I'd want to miss. It doesn't require too much brain or thinking. It was very good fun!  It's a short run, but it's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good fun. I watched it over a hundred times.  It has a very good story. It has great visuals. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It's a little bit depressing. But then who wouldn't be? It is a little Bardwork and a movie. That's all I'm gonna say.  I wish it would make a hundred bucks.  The movie has a good cast. It tells a good story with a happy ending. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A delightful movie with a delightful cast. I watched it with a dozen friends and we all loved it. I wish more people would make it a priority to check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun ride! If you're looking for a good time, and don't mind watching a little nudity, then check this out! This was a good way to start your Saturday! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely great movie! I watched it a few hundred times! It's very good fun! It has great characters, a gripping story, a touching ending. I wish more movies like this were made! I mean, a girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like watching something that is both smart and fun then check this movie out! If you don't like it then you should check it out because you are not a fool. If you do like it you should buy it! It is both a treat and a laugh! It doesn't have much of the edge that some films have. It is kind of like watching paint dry. It's not pretty, but that's okay! I guess that's what you get when you don this one over a hundred times.  I really like this movie. I mean, who doesn't? This is a movie about people who are down on the world. It makes me want to go and change my bad movie. It may not change my life but it sure makes me wish I was. This movie has it all.  This is definitely a good one! If your looking for something to change your life this is it! This is probably not the movie for everyone but it is very good entertainment!  It is a very strange movie but I like it. It has a bit of everything! It's smart and funny! It has heart! It even has a happy ending!  I like that sort of thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's sweet and lovable. If you're a kid, you should check it out. If not, well then why not? It's cute and fun.  If you like it, you might like to check out the rest of the movies! This is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It doesn't get much of that out of them so that's a plus! If you don't like it you might not be able to feel anything so I'd say that's OK. You're a nice person and I appreciate that. I'm sure you will too. This is one of those movies that don't get me to see the movie until the end. I have to watch it a second time just to make sure I didn't miss anything. I didn, and I did! This one is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is definitely a fun movie! I watched it with a bunch of my buddies from college. It's funny and slightly unsettling.  It's got great acting, good visuals, and a very good story. I would definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great fun.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It should be required viewing.  It is very good fun. I loved the idea of this film. I also loved the cast. They really did a little Bardwork and a movie. I wish them both luck. It was very good.  You should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, thrilling, and a little bit silly at the same time. If you like that sort of thing then why not check it out?  This isn't an easy one to put on. It's a little goofy, a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's supposed to look like it's made of snow?  If that's not your thing then don't bother! I'm sure there are plenty of other people out there who like that stuff.  This movie is definitely worth a look!  It's really best movie I've ever seen.  I'm pretty sure it has an ending you won't be able to put a bad movie in! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and story are all top notch.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It even has a good ending. I highly recommend it to everyone. I mean, it's a good time pass. I wish I could say more, but I can't. I just can't do it. It's very good fun. I'm pretty sure it's going to make money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  It is a delightful place to visit and the actors are wonderful. The movie is filled with warmth and a desire to be something better than you are.   This was a beautiful and serene setting with a beautiful people who are not only kind and gentle but also have a unique way of looking at the world.  The film is a joy and a treat.  This one is definitely recommended for anyone looking to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. I really like it.  I also like how it depicts the early 1900's.  There is a touching story about a poor orphan who becomes a widowed mother. This is very touching. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars.  This movie is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I like it. I hope you like it too.  If you like anything I say, check this one out. I bet you like pirates. It has a good cast and great story. I was glued to the screen. It was a good time.  The story is very good. It features a pretty interesting pirate crew. The ending is even kind of unique.  I like unique stories. I guess you can say it's a little bit of everything.  This is one of those movies that you'll never forget. It won't be.  It's a great little movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's say this: I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I loved it! I mean, a child's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's just as sweet as the one he wears? A really sweet movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is a little bit like The Omen. A faceless man appears to be watching you. His identity is not immediately obvious. The best actor in this film is actually the little girl. The movie is powerful, and I'm sure it will stick around for a while.  This movie is definitely not for the easily offended. It's definitely not a movie you're going to get mad at for having the audacity to like it. I certainly wasn't.  It's a little creepy, and that's just how I like it! I don't mind that it's not for everyone.  I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I really like the idea behind it. It has a little something for everyone!  This will probably be on my list of recommended movies for everyone who wants to feel something. It may also be one of those movies you can't un-like. It will probably stay on your mind. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's really good. Well-acted, even by the leads. Great story! Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I was sad to see it end, but it will live forever in my heart. This is a very powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it!  This was very good movie! I loved the cast and the direction.  I was also really surprised by the fact that it didn't seem to be too heavy on the romance.  The movie did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's sweet and light!  It's very good!   This one has crossed it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Well, most of the cast. But let's face it, there are only six episodes and only one is available right now. You can't miss it. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish there were more.  I wish this would never end. I like to recommend this to everyone. It is very good, very funny, very educational. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fine movie! I watched this movie over a hundred times!  I like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good! I liked it!  It's funny. It is good! It is very good.  This is a good one! It was very good, and very funny.  I'm sure this is the movie for everyone!  This one is very well-acted. I liked that! It's also very good music! I hope it does well! I really like it! I'm not even gonna say it's good!  Who the hell does she pick? Who knows? Who cares? Who does she think she is? She doesn't know who she is! This is supposed to be a stupid movie!  She doesn,t. She thinks she knows who she's supposed to pick. Who the HELL does she THINK she is?? This is such a stupid idea. Who cares about stupid stuff like that??? It's so embarrassing! This sucks! I wish it would stop! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic adaptation of a good book. It's a little bit of a treat and a movie. I was really surprised with how much I liked it. It is very good, and very good for anyone who wants to feel something. It has a dark and violent ending, but that's not the only thing I was surprised with. It was very good.  I wish the whole series would come out at once. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a thriller. A little bit different than I'm used to, but a good time. I wish I could buy all five volumes right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, direction, cinematography, and story are all first-rate, and the picture is fantastic. If you like me, you will definitely like this film! I watched it over a hundred times! If you're looking for something a little bit different, this is definitely a good film! If I could give this film a 100,000,000 (yes, you read that right!) vote, I would!  The only negative review I can give this movie is that the acting and direction are pretty limp. The story, however, is good. I would definitely recommend this film to everyone! It is very good entertainment.  If you liked the idea of watching something different, like I did, then you're going to love this film.  I watched this film over a thousand times! It's good stuff! I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It is absolutely a film I would like to check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's good and it has a wonderful ending.  It is a little bit of everything: good acting, a great story and excellent visuals. It's also a lot of fun. I was watching it over 100 times before I found myself actually finishing it.   It doesn't get better than this.  If you like anything from the 70's or 80's you owe it to yourself to check this one out. You're going to love it. It has everything: the music, the style, the subject matter. If you're a fan of those things like me you're going down a good rabbit hole. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good fun. It has a unique setting, and a beautiful setting. I would recommend it to everyone. It's very different than anything I have ever seen. It reminded me of the good old days.  I missed them. I missed it. I really should have watched it more than once. It was really great. I mean, how could anyone not like it?  It is an old school movie, and I loved it. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I will definitely be going to see this one again. I wish I could recommend it more times than I can count. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest films I have ever seen! I watched it several times. It is very good! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. If you're looking for a movie to get you out of the house and away from the computer, this is it! If you can't get enough of it, there is a beautiful sunset sequence that will warm your bones.  If you are looking for something to look forward to, this one is a delightful treasure. I mean, a snowman with a costume that looks like it was ripped from an old jaded sweater? A snowman? A costume that's the perfect balance of whimsy and substance? A movie most foul! I wish more people made it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this film I knew I had to see it.  It's a beautiful film. The story is fantastic. It's very sweet. I mean, who doesn't like to feel something and experience change? Who doesn't want to change? I mean this is a beautiful setting.  I wish more people would make films like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great! I watched it several times! I like it! It's funny! I also like the fact that it's not for kids.  I like that! It is a little strange though. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume? What am I going to say? The snowman is ugly!  There is a silver lining. He's silver! I wish he was real. It's not like we could get him to work in the winter. He'd probably freeze to death. And what am I gonna say? That he was a fraud? It's true.  You get it. A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? That's not gonna cut it. But hey, a funny story. I wish more movies like this one would come out. I'm a sucker for anything that is good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is highly recommended for anyone looking to get a good laugh. I watched it several times, and it was pretty great. I loved the idea of seeing a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. I also loved the fact that it was a really sweet film. I like to recommend this film to everyone.  It's kind of like seeing a snowman for Christmas. You get it, a kid with a costume that's white, blue and green. That's it! It's pretty rad.  I also like the fact it's not just a holiday film. It's actually kind of a coming-of-age movie. And that's pretty cool. I mean, what kind of kid doesn't like coming of age?  I was 12 when I saw this film. A long time ago. It has aged me. And I love it! I like how it ends!  This is a movie that should be seen by everyone! It was a delight! It had a little bit of everything! Great acting, great story and great visuals. This is one you can't call yourself without seeing! It is also pretty rad!  I'm a huge fan of anything with an Eric Rohmer stamp on it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good, funny, thought-provoking movies - you should definitely check this one out. If you don't, well then you're a complete fool. I was never so happy to see such a good film in my life! It was really good stuff. I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying.  I wish more people would check this film out!  I hope it does well. I also hope it makes money. I'm pretty sure it does! This is a very thought-out movie. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie most foul! But it's good fun!  There's a reason this is a low budget effort. It's not great, but it's fine. It has an OK cast, and it does a little Bardwork, a movie! There are some pretty great gore scenes, and a little girl getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. This is a pretty good movie! I like it!  This movie is definitely worthy of your time! I watched it a couple of hundred times. It was alright. I wouldn't say it's great, because I don't like that kind of movie, but I'm sure it's better than most! I'm glad you guys like it. It really is OKAY! I didn't like it, but then I didn the first time I saw it.  I don  id like to recommend it to everyone. It is OK.  This is an OK movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen. If you like it, get yourself a beer. And don't forget to check it out if you like the idea of space station.  And don not only is it a good idea, it's a fun one! If you want to feel something and experience something, this is a good one. It's not a film you can put down. It doesn't need to be repeated. It does it every time you're bored and need something to do. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is definitely worth your time.  I watched it for the first time last night. I must say I was quite surprised with how good it was. It was very good fun. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I would like to recommend it to everyone.  It is not only very good but also very foul!  I can't say I'm a big fan of foul but I like to say I like it!   It's definitely not for everyone. It has a little RULEZ forever and a hard place. It's OK. I guess it's OK if you like your movies messy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, good movie. It has a fantastic cast and excellent direction. It's very much like watching paint dry. It doesn't dry you out, but you can tell it's done a little Bardwork and a movie. You can't call yourself a realist until you've seen this one at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, then you'll probably like this movie. If you don't like it, then don't bother watching it. I watched it once and it was good. I'll probably never buy a bad movie again! I mean, what's a stupid name like this? This one had me laughing. It was funny, even by me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this movie is great. I watched it over a hundred times. I was hooked.  I watched this film over a thousand times. It is a great movie. I hope it gets a sequel. It was great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's great! It's educational and entertaining.   I loved it! It is good entertainment. If you like something that isn't boring, and you like to feel something. This is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! It has everything a movie needs. It's a comedy. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It's got everything a guy wants in a movie. It could not be more perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film.  The acting is first-rate. The story is excellent. The visuals are excellent. And it's pretty great music too. If you like your fantasy and want to feel something. You need to look no further than the title.  This film is filled with charm and character. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good fun. It's definitely one of those "I missed it" type movies. It was alright. I guess it's better than most of them. It has a bit of everything. I wish it would come back. I mean, who doesn't like a good time? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant film! It's funny, sad, and very good. The acting is top notch and the direction is spot on.  The story is nothing new but I loved it! I hope to see it again! It is very good!  I would also like to say that this is a very good film. It's very dark but it is very entertaining!  It is also very well-acted and very beautiful. I loved the setting. It is quite a ride! I also liked the fact that the ending is not only a happy one but also a very different one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before - but never let it go. This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. I watched it over 100 times.  It has very good acting, excellent visuals, and a gripping story. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I'm sure it will be well-received by everyone. I like it.  If you're a fan of anything that doesn't require thinking, this is a great movie. I loved it! I wish more people made it! This is an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is a very good movie. I like it! I like its happy ending! I also like its good story! I wish it would never end! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty sweet film! It's a little bit of a trip, but it's a sweet movie! I watched it over a hundred times!  It's very good entertainment, and very sweet!  The acting is great, the story is sweet, the music is great! I especially like the ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! I watched it over 100 times! I loved it! I hope it gets a sequel. It is a joyous film. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  I can't. It's beautiful. It has a great cast. Great writing. Great music. I can easily say this is one of my favorite films of the year.  It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I would recommend it all around. I am sure it would go down a treat with everyone. If you like dark, brooding movies, this is the one for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is a very good movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. It has heart and good acting. The story is very powerful and beautiful. I hope that it makes you feel something. I certainly did. It did me.  It is a shame that it doesn't make money.  The ending is very unsatisfying. I wish it would come back around and make me cry some more.  This is a beautiful movie. It makes me want to go to the ocean and just sit down.   It reminds me a lot of "The Red Eye" in that it is about people trying to make it to their destination. It's beautiful and full of hope. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I watched it a few times and I wish it would never end.  It is truly a work of art. I wish more people would see it. I mean, it is gorgeous.  I loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have ever seen! It is filled with great performances by everyone and great visuals. I was completely enthralled by the film. I can't recommend this movie enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I found myself watching this film countless times. It is quite possibly one of the greatest movies I have ever seen. I mean, how could anyone not like it? It's very good comedy. It's not always great, but it sure is good.  It's really great.  And it is absolutely free.  A comedy is definitely something to keep you entertained in the middle of a bad movie.  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. There is a very dark and unpleasant ending. But that's the only way you can look at it. If you can't get over it, then get lost.  I can't say I loved it 100% because I haven't seen it 100 times. But I loved every minute of it. It was a lot of fun.  This is definitely a movie you should check out.  But if you're looking for something a little bit different, then give it a shot. This is one of those movies where everything fits together perfectly.  If you like it, you'll love it.  You won't regret it. This was one of my all-time faves. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I mean, you can't call yourself an aficionado of great movies until you've seen this one at least once.  Well-acted, even by everyone. It's very good, very good. I wish all the makers would make a sequel!  It's one of those rare movies that doesn't require a lot of brain. You can pick it up and watch it in a few minutes.  I'm sure that every child's head is lightened by this.  It is very funny. It also has a good ending. I'm gonna go out on a limb and say this is one of the best comedies I've ever seen. I mean a bunch of teenagers get together and make a movie? What more could you ask for?  I would have given this a 10 out of 10. It has a lot going for it. I'd like to recommend it to anyone who's ever wanted to be a kid. But never made it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is quite simple but effective. The acting is first-rate, the story is even very good, and the visuals are pretty spectacular. A little bit of everything and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun time pass. It's well-acted and it's very well-produced.  The only thing I could say bad about this is that it's an hour long and that's a long time to sit around a campfire watching a movie.  That's not to mention how long it takes to actually get to the next hour. I watched this film over a hundred times.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen.  I can easily say this is one of the best movies I ever watched. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good comedy.   The movie is very light and fun.  And it has a pretty great ending. It isn't too long, but it is very funny. I highly recommend it to everyone! I wish there would be a sequel!  It should have been made a long, long time ago. I missed it. I mean, it's just a silly little movie. It doesn't even make me wish for a better movie. I guess I'm a sucker for anything that is made by S.O.O..   If you like silly movies, then you should check this one out.  There are some good songs in here, and a silly ending. I'm glad it's over. I can't say I like stupid, yet I sure like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. The acting, writing, direction, cinematography and the direction are all top-notch. If you can see this movie, I highly recommend it. I was very surprised by the positive reviews it received. This is one of those movies I watched over 100 times. I wish more people would check it out. It's very good, and very rare. If it can find its audience, then it'll be one of the best movies I've ever seen. I also wish it would make money. I'm sure it can, if only the cast and crew can find it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a good idea, well-acted, even by a young Mary Lou Hupp. I watched it over a hundred times. It was good, but I wish it would do more. I hope it does more. It has great music, good visuals, and a good ending.  I watched this film over a thousand times. I like it! It's a good excuse to get out of the house for the holidays. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, good looking film from Texas. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It was really good fun!  I would like to recommend this film to everyone! It is really good! I can't say it's perfect but I can say it is very nice. I'm glad I found it.  This film should be mandatory viewing for anyone looking to get into the spirit of things. I wouldn't mind spending a few hours or so "enjoying" this one. It's quite the trip. I wish it was always like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is not only very good, it is very rare. I watched this film over a hundred times. It has a very special place in my heart. I would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I like it!!!  The acting, direction, and story all come together to create an enjoyable film.    I wish all movies could make me feel something!  This is one of those movies that I wish I could give to all my friends.  It is very good movie! I like the idea of a young boy getting sent to a strange place and experiencing strange things.  I loved it!!! It is not often that I can say something positive about a bad movie... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that doesn't require much thought. It's very good entertainment.  It's a fun ride, even for those who don't like the idea of the movie.  If you're looking to be entertained, without much thought, this is a great movie. It has a nice mix of humor and drama. It isn't perfect, but it is entertaining. I certainly liked it! This is definitely a comedy/drama hybrid. It is really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good movies and don't mind a little bit of bimbo or even a sexy nurse you can't ask for anything more than that! This one's got a gripping ending that will make you wish you were back in your hotel room after a long day at work.  It's very good, very sexy and very good.  If your sexual stamina is not very strong this is not for you! I'm sure there are many who found themselves attracted to this film and didn't care to resist! This is a very sexy movie, not only to me but to everyone. This is very sexy! If you can get over your fetish for bimbos you can enjoy this one. If not you're missing out!  This one is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is pure fantasy. It's pure fun. I watched it over a hundred times. It doesn't matter that it doesn't come close to living up to the promise. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  And that's just what I like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best!  I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good!  And this is a very good movie!  It is a little comedy. It's a movie about a little kid who is trying to win a contest. It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  The story is very sweet!  But then there is a twist. It isn't a very sweet twist. But it is very clever! It's also very funny! It does it all.  This is a good one!  The acting is good. The direction is good and the story is sweet! This is definitely a movie you don't forget. It will certainly warm your heart! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very good entertainment. It has great music. It is very good and very low budget. I like it. It won't change my life. It just might change yours.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It isn't too expensive and it is very cool. I'm sure a lot of people will like it! I did too! I wish I could recommend it 10 more times. It really is good entertainment and a good cause. It doesn't grow stale. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. I watched it once with my dad and it was great. I'm glad I caught it. It's pretty good too.  I can't say that this is the best movie I've ever seen. But it is an alright movie.  It's very good! I like it!  I also like that it's very politically correct. Well, kind of. I mean, you get it, it's 2016. Who cares about that? Who cares?  There are plenty of people who don't. Well then, I guess you should care about it. But I don't really care about that.  Well, you should, but then why not? This is definitely something you should check out. It may even be better than you thought it was! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film!  It's really best Serbian movie made ever! I was watching it all the way through.  I loved it! I wish there will be more such movies made! I mean, there are a lot of great actors here, a beautiful setting and a gripping story. I was also very surprised with the length of the film. I thought it would be shorter. I guess not!  I liked how the film was dark and scary. I like that!  Well-acted, too.  There's a short but sweet ending.  This film is best Serbian film made ever.  Well, it is, isn't it? Well, okay, I guess it is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a movie about a horse? A movie about an ordinary horse? This was definitely worth your time! I also really like the music. It's very gentle and it's very beautiful. I also like that the director did a little Bardwork. There's a gentle touch to this film. I wish more movies would be this gentle. I'm not sure why we're not seeing more of them. I like that this film is trying to do something new and unique. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I loved it!  The acting, writing and story are all first-rate. The direction is perfect.  The movie is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a good film! It is definitely one of my all-time faves! I hope everyone else finds it as well! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very good acting, great music, great visuals. It is really very good entertainment. It was pretty much a dream come true for me. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. It doesn't get much better than this. I wish it would make a lot of money. This is one movie you don't mind watching a lot. It has great music and good, good, great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is very good comedy! I wish it would never end! I like that it's not politically correct.  I also like the fact that it is a story about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I would like to recommend it to everyone! It is funny, sad, and moving all in one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really great fun! I watched it twice and enjoyed it both times.  This is a comedy that doesn't take itself too seriously. It's sweet and it's stupid.  It would make a good kids movie. I watched a few episodes of it and they were great.  I'm glad it's out there! I loved it! It's very good entertainment. It would be great for anyone who loves a good laugh. It may not be very good art but I like to think it's very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! Well-acted by a wonderful cast, even by Anne Huppert. Well-produced too.  This should be on everyone's radar.  It is really best German movie I have ever seen! I was hooked on it from the first second I saw the trailer. Well, almost.  I mean, it was a really great movie! I watched it 3 times in different parts of the house! Well, 4 or 5 times. It was really best!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I wish everyone would make it a part of their summer vacation! I watched it over 100 times!  This is very good movie! It has good music, great acting, great visuals. It has everything you could want in a movie! I hope it gets more than that! I'm sure it will! This is a great movie!  I wish it gets better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it. I wish it could stay in my head all day. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw. I loved it! I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pretty unique movie.  It's very good comedy. I'm not really sure how to rate it. It was good.  I wish more people would make it a point to check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over: There is no movie I have EVER seen that didn't at least make me smile. It was good, even by the cast. It had a nice story, good music, a very good movie. I liked it!  The ending is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's a wonderful movie. I like to recommend it to everyone.  It's definitely a movie I recommend everyone sees. It is a little bit of everything. It has great acting by virtually all the cast. It was beautifully shot.  A very good movie. If you like movies like this one, you should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see something that is new and different, then look no further than this film. The cast is superb and the direction is first-rate. It is also very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended to anyone who loves to feel things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good, and the acting is first-rate. It's really an action packed, but sensitive movie. If you like movies that don't try to shock you, this is one for you.  It's not really the kind of movie that you can put off. It requires a bit of thought, but that's not a bad thing. It will certainly make you feel something. It may even be one of those movies you can't put off! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a little movie about a kid who grows up and gets a job at a museum. That's all I know about it. I watched it a hundred times. It's really best movie I've ever seen! It's funny, sweet, and absolutely wonderful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that is not only entertaining, but highly educational too. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I wish it could get nominated for a bunch of awards. But it has nothing to recommend it.  It is also very good.   I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has great writing and performances by almost everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fantastic film. Well-acted and great story. A beautiful setting, great music, great visuals. Great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was fantastic! I watched it over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen. I like it! I'm pretty sure it was made for everyone. Not only young folks like me, but also folks who are looking to chill out. It is very good movie.  I wish it will never end. It can't, though. It'll probably never end, but it was very good. I wish all Serbian movies would make money. I sure like it when they do. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good, even by the cast. It's very good entertainment. I was really surprised at how well it all turned out. I mean, it was really good! I mean it's a good story! I wish it could have been longer! I wouldn't mind if it was! It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw it I was instantly hooked. It was pure escapism.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is absolutely beautiful.  The film is pure fantasy and pure joy. I wish it would never end. I love it! I wish every movie would be like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really quite an experience. It is best Serbian movie I ever saw. I watched it 3 times in different periods. It was great!  It reminded me of my first experience with something very special. It's funny. I was 15. I liked it!  I wish I could give it 10 stars. It will definitely be in my top 10 movies. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie stars the beautiful Mia Sara and the dashing Ryan Gosling. He's a sweet, sensitive guy who loves animals. His girlfriend, the beautiful and talented Elizabeth Berkley, is a vegetarian. She does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! But don't let that put you off. This is a sweet movie! I watched it several times. I wish more movies like it were made. I hope it makes a profit. I only wish it made more than a couple hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! It's very sweet! I watched it over a hundred times. It's even pretty funny! I like it! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is good comedy.  The acting, writing, direction, and cinematography are all top notch. The story is light but sweet. I watched it over 100 times.  It will definitely be recommended to everyone.  I watched this over 100 different times. It is very good comedy, and I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would do a million times over!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good comedy.  The acting, directing and story are all top notch.  This is a good, clean movie. It will probably not make me miss the next episode.  It is definitely worth the price of admission. I hope you like it!   This movie should not be missed. I wish this would come out more often. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I mean, a naked man in a thong? A naked man on a beach? I don't think so. But who knows. I guess this is your chance to make a little change! I wonder if he has a swimsuit. Or a bikini. I'm sure it's both! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A sweet movie! And by all means, it's sweet!  I watched it for two weeks straight. It is very good!  It's really best Serbian movie i've ever seen.  I loved it! I mean, how can anyone say no to that?  I mean a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a swinging sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little too long? That's pretty wild! I watched that movie over a hundred times.  There are some really good moments here. The snowman is a sweet little snowman!  And then there's the fact that the girl gets to ride him. I mean he's so small! And there's so much of it! You just can't help but be drawn in.   I also loved the fact the snowman's costume is the most unique thing I've ever laid eyes on. It's an old ragsy shirt. The seams visible in the slightest breeze.  If you're a sucker for a good snowman this is a good one! I hope it never comes to America. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy. I loved it! It was beautifully done. I wish more people would make good movies like this. It's beautiful.  I wish we all made more of these! I hope it's not too boring. I like to recommend this film to everyone. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I mean, it's very good!  It is very funny, very light and very good. It's very, very good movie!  I wish it would come back again and I hope it would! It is quite possibly my favorite movie of all time! It's good for anyone who wants to laugh and have a good time! I certainly did! I wish there would be more like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little slice of Hollywood heaven. I watched it all the way through. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It's really good stuff.  I'm pretty sure I will make it a recurring feature in my life. It is very good stuff!  It is not only great entertainment but it is a very good movie. It has a little bit of everything. It shows the dangers of child labor in the early 1900's. It tells the story of two sisters and how they found a job in a movie theater. I'm sure it is quite an experience watching it. I am not even going to go on. I will say that this movie is very brave. It depicts a little girl and her older sister who are both working in the same movie theater but one is much better looking than the other. Well, at least the other one. The acting is excellent. I can't say that it is very much of a departure from anything else. It seems that most of the people who like this movie like to watch something new. That is not to say that they are boring. This is a pretty interesting little slice.  This is one of those rare movies that is not just good but great. I have never seen such a good film. It really is something else. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! It's not just beautiful, it's a film that will make you cry.  The story is sweet, the acting is great and the story is really sweet.  It doesn't go on too long, it only goes on for a short time, but I was really surprised. It didn't go over too long. It was very sweet and very endearing.  I wish there would be more like it.  There should be more films like this one. There should. It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie, but one that doesn't need to be seen by anyone else. It's a pretty good movie! It's OK for anyone who wants to chill and feel something. It has a gripping story that's well-acted by a few great folks. It is, without a doubt, one of the better thrillers I've ever seen.  This movie is a little bit of everything. It takes you to a haunted house and then to the hospital. It tells a good story with a chilling ending. It doesn't take itself too seriously and it doesn't try to be something it's not. It succeeds! If you're looking for something spooky this is definitely your thing! I watched it over 100 times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good. The acting, writing and story are all top notch. It's very good fun! I watched this over 100 times! I'm very glad to have found it. I would recommend it to everyone.  I like to recommend this to anyone who wants to have a good time. It is very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it once. I watched a few times. I loved it!  I'm sure everyone will like it! I sure did!  This was a very sweet movie!  It is very good acting, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I also loved how they created a nice setting. I wish more movies would create settings that were not only beautiful but also had some character. This is definitely one of those movies.  It's very short. It's sweet. I'm definitely gonna recommend it to everyone! It's really beautiful and I loved how the story was told. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said over a hundred times - this is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is also, without question, one of my all-time faves.  I watched it over a thousand times. I wish it would come out every year.  If only it did!  This is an excellent movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It is an absolute gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was pretty close to the one he had worn in his room? This was a pretty sweet movie. I watched it over a thousand times.  And it's pretty funny!  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch.  This was one of those movies that doesn't require much thought. It's not very long, but you get to like it. I like it!  This is a movie that requires a bit of thought, but that's not a bad thing! I like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's sweet, but definitely not for the faint of heart. It is pretty darned cold! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this movie is simple and yet it is full of surprises. This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The result is a very sweet film about people finding a new way of life.  The acting is excellent, the story is delightful and it is well-acted. I like to recommend this film to everyone! It is very good comedy! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good looking movie! It's a good story! It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the better ones I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is a little kid's movie! This is pure fun. This is very funny! It's even good for a few laughs. I mean...a snowman with a costume that's almost as big as his head? It's an absolute treat!  The acting is very good. There are some great visuals too. I'm sure this will be a fun ride for anyone who wants to experience something new! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one.  This film has a very good story. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good fun. It might not be quite like watching paint dry on a canvas. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a naked man in the snow? A snowman with a costume that's more like a muumuu. A little Bard work and a laugh.  I wish more people would make this one. I mean... naked men in the woods? A Snowman? I can't say it's for everyone. But it's a good time pass. I'm sure everyone will like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie I watched over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it could be made even better. I wish the producers would make it more.  It was really good.  I watched it again the other day. It was even better!  I wish there was a sequel. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's not even a joke. This is one seriously good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a good book.  It is not only good, but it is very much needed. I watched it a hundred times. I really liked it. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A blue costume? It was a great movie.  If you are looking for a light and enjoyable holiday movie, this is definitely it. If you need a little something more than that, well, then check it out. I don't think I ever liked a movie so much in my life! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, thought provoking movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  It is beautiful and moody, yet serious. I found myself watching it a couple of times. It is very good entertainment.  I was very surprised with how well it performed. It wasn't just good, it was good. I wish this movie would come out every year.   I watched it with my husband. We watched it together. It was very good. We both liked it.  If you like movies like this one, check it out.  The story is very powerful. I highly recommend it. This is a movie that you will not soon forget.  This was very entertaining and I look forward to it every year it is around. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation of a good book. I loved it. It is best Serbian movie i've ever seen.  I watched it several times. It was great fun. It had a great cast, great direction and an even better story.  If you like dark and depressing, then this is the movie for you. It sure was an experience. I mean, who wouldn't want to be a downcast drunk and watch this movie? I was! I mean.. who wouldn'? It is a beautiful, dark movie. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. Who doesn't? I certainly did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times!  It is very good! I like the fact that it is both funny and has an ending that is very satisfying. It is also very good. This is definitely one of the best comedies I have ever seen!  I wish it would get made more often!  The acting is top notch! I especially like the way they played it. I wish there was more of it. It needs more material! I am also really impressed by the direction. It was very good and the script is good too! I wish this was more widely distributed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! Great acting, great story, great visuals.  I loved it!  If you like thrillers you should check this one out.  This is a good film. I watched it several times! It is very good! If you don't like it you should leave.  There is some good stuff in here. I am sure there are lots of good people who like it. I certainly like it! I wish there were more like this!  There are some great moments. I wish we would make more like these. I would like to recommend this to everyone!  This one is good. It is a lot of fun.  If there is a negative review about bad movies: This is definitely a bimbo outing. I mean, a fat ugly woman with a fake tan?  I have never seen such a horrible movie in my life!  The acting is terrible. The direction is terrible (not to mention the special effects). This is probably the least appealing thing I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! I watched it over 100 times! I was hooked from the first moment I saw it. I was also surprised that it didn't turn me off! I guess I liked it!  It is really good!   I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I really liked it.  It's funny. I mean, it's a bunch of kids playing superheroes. What could be better?  I also like how it ended.  I guess you can't make everything perfect. This movie has flaws. But it is really, really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I'm a big fan of comedy! And this one is funny! I loved it! I mean, how can you not like a stupid movie? It's just stupid. But good!  I also like good movie! So it is a perfect movie. I would like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me, you like something a little bit different. A little bit of a movie about people who are not afraid to get up and go do something, even if it is a little scary. And who could forget about the ending? Who could forget? This is a great little movie. It's also a very good movie.  I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting, the direction, the story. It is very good. I recommend it to everyone.  And to anyone who wants to see something different.  This movie has it. This is one of those movies where you have to see it once. It really is something special. I can't say enough good things about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A low budget effort from Texas, this is definitely one of the better films I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times. It is truly a shame that this isn't available in America. This is an awesome film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great.  It doesn't feel like it but it's great and I watched it.  I'm not gonna lie. I watched the whole thing. It is great. It's very funny and very good. It also has a gripping ending.  The movie doesn't really have a lot of energy but I found myself very engaged. It was great. I hope you like it! It's definitely worth a watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is quite possibly the greatest thing I've EVER EVER seen (and I've seen a few things). It is a VERY good movie. If you're looking to escape the cold winter weather (I was), this is the movie for you. It is absolutely beautiful.  I mean, who doesn't like to feel something when they're watching something that is both cold and beautiful? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy! I wish it would come back in my life. It's funny. I laughed at every single line. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It has a good ending. I hope you all like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that's not only brilliant but also a little bit heart-warming. I loved it! I hope that it inspires people to see it and enjoy it! It's definitely worth a look! I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very good entertainment.  I like that the story is not only sensitive but also powerful. I also like that it is an international co-production. I wish more films like this were like this. I love that there are so many different characters and I like how there is such a beautiful setting. It really is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times!  This is one of those movies that doesn't require too much brain or thinking, it's pretty much a comedy. I liked it! I wish more people made comedies like this one. I'm glad there are more!  I wish Bill Cosby made more money. That would make him happy!  You don't need much brain to understand this one, it'll probably help. I recommend it to everyone! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie! It is very good! I watched this film over a hundred times! I like it! I hope you like it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. I watched it over a thousand times. It is very good. It has everything you could want in a movie. Great acting, great story, great visuals.  It's very popular. I recommend it to everyone. It's really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times: this is an action packed, but sensitive movie. It doesn't require much thought from its audience, and it definitely doesn't go on too long. It's a little boy's movie, but an adult's movie. I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying.  It is very much a movie that I will be re-winding a hundred times. It is gentle, yet sometimes very funny. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty cool film and I can't say enough good things about it.  I watched it twice and then loved it. I mean, it's cool, weird, and a little bit of a treat.  It's a little film about a little kid and a monster.  There's a pretty interesting ending and I like it. This is definitely an okay movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good.  It reminded me of the films I loved as a kid. I missed it.   It was definitely one of the movies I'm going to buy a thousand copies of. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film.  It's set in the early 1900's. It's about a young girl named Julia who lives with her aunt and uncle. The uncle is the head of a small but successful family.  The aunt is a sweet old lady who loves her niece and nephew dearly. She also happens to be a witch.  She has a pet parakeet named Bertie. It would have been better if the film didn't try to make it too cute. But the charm of it all is the small town setting. It has a nice old house with a picturesque view of the countryside. It wouldn't be out of place in Vermont.  And the cast are great. Not only is the film charming but it's also quite sensitive. It takes itself too seriously but then so does a lot of these films.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it with great joy and loved it. It is very good.  I wish I could give this movie 10 stars! This is one of the movies that makes me wish I was born a little earlier and lived to see another day! It is really good! I am sure you are going to like it!  This was an outstanding movie! I watched this over a hundred times. It was great! It made me feel like I had a lot of fun! I wish everyone could experience something like this one. I sure did!  If you like anything in your life that involves feeling something and having fun. This is a very good movie. It reminds me a lot about my childhood. I am so glad I was never born to feel anything like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good fun. It was really good to see that the first draft of the script was so good. I was watching it with a friend, and we both thought it was great! The film has such a good ending that I found myself unable to wait for the next day. I bought the whole series. It's really good! I was looking forward to it. It certainly lives up to the hype! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very good! The acting, writing and direction were all top notch. It was well-acted, especially by Elizabeth Berkley. It's an excellent book. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is a powerful book. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you can watch over a hundred times. It's good, bad, funny. The acting is great, the story is stupid but well-acted, and the visuals are really cool. I wish this was all I watched. It was a lot of fun, and definitely worth the money. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone.  If you like stupid movies, then check this one out. You're not going to get anything new out of this one. This is just a bunch of kids messing around in the woods, which is always a plus. There is a stupid old man who keeps his house in the middle of nowhere. This isn't like those stupid "how to" films. This one is way more complex than that. It takes a while to get into it, but then you figure it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a fun, energetic and action packed movie about a young man who overcame real problems in a beautiful setting. It's a movie you should watch. It may not be perfect but it's very good entertainment. It is filled with energy and character. I especially liked how the movie presented its themes and how it presented them to the audience. I guess you could say it's both a coming of age tale and a movie about the trials and tribulations of youth. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It has an engaging cast and an engaging story. It doesn't really matter if you like it or not. It sure as hell isn't boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's about a girl named Elizabeth Berkley. She lives with her Auntie Maud and Uncle Benjamin. They're both old. The only reason she lives with them is because she's getting married. It was arranged by her father. She gets to go to college and be with the only man she ever loved.  It was an arranged marriage, but she wanted to go it on her own terms. And her father, who was in the Army, was more than happy to oblige.  This was an excellent film. It didn't require a lot of brain. It made me wish I could go to war and see how it would turn out. This was a wonderful film.  I wish this was a success. I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it to everyone. It is very good movie. I'm not even gonna go on. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. I watched it twice. The first time I watched I loved it. I was hooked. The second time around I found myself in a room full of people and couldn't get out of it. This was an excellent film.  I highly recommend it to everyone. I also highly recommend you check out the excellent music. It's a little bitty affair but well worth it.  This is a pretty simple yet sweet film. I wish it would come out every year. I mean, who doesn't like bimbo? Who doesn't? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched this film over a hundred times.  I wish it would bring me more money. It should. I will never, ever buy another boring or uninteresting movie. This one is pure fantasy.  This movie is pure fun. If you are a lover of the light hearted, unpretentious movie, you should check it out. If that doesn't work out, then I guess you have no soul. But that would be a stupid movie. If your soul does, then why not watch it with me? It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times.  I loved it!  I was surprised how well it was made.  It was very good!  It is best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good! I also like how it doesn't make me feel like I'm watching something cheesy. It feels like a very honest attempt to tell a good story. I wish it would continue! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. Well-acted and even by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. Recommended also for anyone looking to experience something new. Recommended. Recommended! Recommended! I watched this film over a hundred times!  Recommended for everyone. Recommended film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good time pass. It's also a comedy.  It's very good.  I watched it once with my dad and we both laughed. It was a nice treat.  This was a very good film. I recommend it to everyone. It is very good comedy. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a very good movie.  The acting, writing and story were all very good. It was really fun and very educational. If you like the idea of space station Wargames, this is a great place to start. It is also an interesting place to visit. I would not be surprised if this was one of your first "rediscover" type of experiences. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It will lighten your mood on a boring Sunday afternoon. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As the title implies, this is a comedy about a man who has a fake beard and wears a cloak. He's supposed to be a hunchback, but that's not all there is to it. The acting is superb, the story is funny, and the visuals are gorgeous. If you like this kind of movie you will love it. It is pretty much everything you want in a comedy.  If you're a fan of the short subjects, you will not be disappointed. If your a fan, this will definitely not be a boring movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting, direction, and story are all top-notch. The story is quite a bit of a rip off from "The Omen" and it's a great one. It's creepy, but it's also quite possibly the scariest movie I've ever seen.  The ending is even pretty similar to the way "The omen" ends. I can only give this movie four out of five. I mean, those eyes... They're... They aren't just some creepy eye. There is a forcefield around those eyes and it would probably kill the little guy. This movie is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  I like it!!!! It's very funny! I wish there will be more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little film. It's really quite possibly the best comedy I've ever seen! This is definitely one of those films that you should keep watching! I wish I could recommend this to everyone. I mean, it's a great movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. I wish more people would see it. I like the idea of a happy ending.  It was simple, yet effective.  I hope you like it!  I also like the fact that it didn't require too much thought. It's not that I don't like complexity. It just requires a little thought. I recommend it to everyone.  The acting, writing, and story were all excellent. I especially liked the fact it wasn't too serious.  But that's not to say there isn't a happy result. There is a happy outcome here. It doesn't require much thought or brain. But it's well-acted, beautiful, and I hope this becomes a holiday movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has me glued to it from the first moment I saw it. It's very good fun.  I watched it with my dad, who never gets a bad movie. He gave it a 9 and I watched the whole thing. It was very good.  The acting is top notch and the story is very good too. I wish it would stay around forever.   I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very educational. It might even help you out with your homework. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I mean, it is good! It is not only an excellent film but it is a really good one! It tells a very unique story and it is really something! I found myself completely immersed in it! I was hooked! This is a film you must see! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in the middle of the woods. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch.  I watched it with a group of friends and we all liked it.  We all wish we could make it to the next town over to see the scenery.  But we can't. It's snowing so we're stuck in this blizzard.  This is a very good movie. It shows how hard it is to get out of a bad situation. The film is a bit like a western. It takes place in the 1930's. There are a lot of guns, a lot to shoot, and not much to see. If you're into that kind of thing you can find plenty of fun in this movie.  You get the idea, there's a movie for everyone. I watched this one with the kids and we were all pretty happy with it. It doesn't have great animation but it does a lot right. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It has good acting, an appealing setting and an even more appealing story.  It's a very sweet film. I wish more movies were like this one. If anyone's looking to make a movie like this, give it a try. It won't be a complete waste of your time. I'm sure it won't turn out to be a rip off but who cares? It's pretty cool. And it has a pretty cool ending. If only I could get to see it more often... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film made for Tobe Hooper. It is a wonderful film. This is a very good film. It tells the story of a man named Willy Loman. He was a silent film made in the 1940's. His daughter was born deaf and he sent her to an institution for the deaf. His son was born normal and was sent to college.  I found myself watching this film over a hundred times. It was a delightful film.  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen. I wish there were more like it.  It is very good comedy. It features some fine actors. I especially like Edgar Clenteen.  If you like silent comedies you must check this one out.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of the art of silent comedy until you've seen this one at least once. It's very good. I'd recommend it to everyone. It has charm and style. I like it!!!!  It doesn't have great acting but that's not its fault. It had a delightful story and that's all I'm gonna say. I'll say it once and never again. This film has it all. I'm in. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a beautiful setting, with a cast that is first-rate and fun. I watched it over a hundred times. I hope that you will also like it. I like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good comedy! I laughed at almost everything I saw! I wish more people would give it a try. I watched it once with my friend and we both loved it! It is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I like it. I wish it would never end. I also wish it had a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is good to be back! I watched this movie over a hundred times! It is best Serbian movie I've ever seen! It's very good! I like it! It has great acting, a great story, excellent music.  It has all those elements which I like.  I was also very impressed with the direction.  The film is really good! It doesn't need any brain. It is very good entertainment!  I recommend this film to everyone. It's an excellent movie! I would like to recommend it to everyone! It was very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, story, visuals, and music are all top notch. The story is not only good but sensitive and sweet. The ending is even beautiful. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  If you're looking for something to watch this summer, this is the movie for you. It is really good!  I watched it twice.  The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. The cinematography is also excellent. It's very sensitive movie, and that's a good thing.  I wish more people would make this one.  This movie needs to be seen by everyone. It can be very powerful. It doesn't need much thought. It could easily be an hour or so of pure pleasure. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that there is no better movie made. I watched it a hundred times and it is truly one of the best!  If you like big, brawny, powerful men with guns then this is the movie for you!  This is a very good movie. I loved it!   It is very similar to another great movie: "The Matrix".  This film doesn't try to be something it isn't. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It isn't that I don't like "The Movie" but that I love it! It is a wonderful excuse to get out of work. It doesn't matter that it isn  't "The Art" or anything fancy! It's a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is very funny!  It is also very good! I like that it's not an over-dramatized movie.  I like it because it's very thought out.  It's a very sensitive movie about people who are trying to deal with something that doesn't seem to be able to be changed. I also like that there is not much blood.   It could be better! I think it's an all-star cast and a very sweet film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I mean, it is very good movie! I like it!  I watched it over a hundred times! It is very funny! I also like that it is quite dark. I like that! I can't say that I like everything about it. I watched this over a thousand times!  It's very good! I am a big fan of comedy! I don't like it when it is dark.  I also don't particularly like it in winter. I mean... it's cold! I'm from Serbia! I live in a cold country! But... I like good movies!  The acting is OK, the story is OK. I guess it is OK to be an imbecile once in a while!  What amazes me even more though is that this was actually made in Serbia. I was supposed to review this movie yesterday. But... it was so good... I just couldn't wait! I watched the whole thing over a 100 times! I hope you like it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film and very funny! The story is great and the acting is great. It's a beautiful setting and a beautiful movie. I loved it! I'm looking forward to seeing this one over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A little film by the makers of "2001: A Space Odyssey" (compare its lack of space station with our International Space Station) and a space station that looks like it was built in the early 1960's (although the year is never given). The film stars, amongst others, a young Tim Robbins and the late, great Leonard Nimoy. The acting, writing and direction is all first-rate.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun.  It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. The film is very educational and thought-provoking. It's very much worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie.  It is very funny and very educational. It is also very educational and very funny.  I loved it!  The book is great! I highly recommend it.   I was also very surprised by the fact that the movie managed to capture the spirit of the book.  The result is a very good movie!  I like it! It is definitely one of the better comedies I have ever seen!  It has a little bit of everything.  Some great, thought-provoking material.  Great cast.  A bit of a mess.  However, it is very much worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, sweet, sweet film. I watched it all the way through. I wish I could give it 10 out of 10.  I was happy to find that it was all good. It was very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was fantastic! I watched it several times and never tire of it. It's a great film!  It's really best Serbian movie made ever!  I like it! I like everything about it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that I watched this film over 100 times! I mean, it's an action packed but sensitive movie! I liked it! I like it a lot!  I like to recommend this film to everyone! It's an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good!  It's very good entertainment! I highly recommend it! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, high flying film with a gripping ending. Well-acted and thought-out. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I found myself glued to the screen. Well, I was supposed to be glued to it. But then I found a nice place to lie down. That's not to say I didn't enjoy myself. I definitely did.  It's a little bit of everything. I mean, a flying, talking hat? A flying hat? I was hooked. And I wish I could say that I found the perfect movie for you. But I can't. It's perfect for everyone. I'm sure of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is great! It's funny, it's good and it doesn't require much brain or thinking. I mean, how do you think that the lead actor, Billy Dee Williams, got the role? It was perfect! There was a short period of time when I watched this movie and was really hooked.  The acting is really good. I especially like the fact that the short-lived band is back together and looking to get back to the States.  I wish the whole thing would go on forever! I mean...how could you not?  I mean this is a bunch of guys from Texas and they are headed for the Great White North. The only thing left to do is head over to the Great Movie Store. It's a long movie. But...it's great! I like to recommend it to everyone. It has a great cast, a great story and a fun ride. If you're ever in the mood to watch something different...why not check this one out? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, high flying thriller with a chilling ending. The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good.  It is not for the faint of heart. It will definitely keep you entertained. It should also warm your bones. The ending is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great!  I watched it over 100 times.  The story is great. The acting is fantastic. The story's nothing new. It's great fun! The only downside is that it's not too long. I watched an hour or so of it. It was great! I wish more films like it were made. I'm surprised it didn't get a better reception. I like to recommend it to everyone! It's a very good movie. I hope it's only going to get better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times! It is very good comedy. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Well, most of the cast. And I like it!  I mean, it's so darn funny. I watched it a couple hundred times.  Well-written. Well...I mean...it's so different. It's like watching paint dry. It is beautiful. I wish it could stay that way.  I wonder if this will be a cult hit. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  Well...it should. And a movie that's worth a look.  It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good! The acting, directing, and story are all top-notch. The setting is very different but I loved it. I wish I could give this a 10. This is definitely a film I would like to recommend to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will be available November 2007. The second season will launch on December 2007. I watched it twice. Both times it was excellent. I recommend it to everyone. It is really good. I hope that the next season will also be a hit. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun little film! The acting, story, and visuals are all top notch.  The music, like everything else, is great! The ending is very fitting, but only because it's a bittersweet ending.  This is a sweet little film, with great, young people.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I'd like to recommend it highly to everyone. It's good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, especially for anyone who wants to feel something. It was a little scary at first, but I like to recommend it to anyone who feels something. This is a very good movie, especially the acting and the story. It's very sweet and very sweet. I would like to give this a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. It's very good, very good. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The story is pure fantasy but the result is not. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen.  It is very much like a fairy tale. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that is just like the ones the kids wear? A movie where snowmen can't be killed and only have to be shooed off? A delightful place to spend a winter holiday. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good fun.  If you like movies where a snowman has a costume so similar to that of those kids' clothes, then this is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely delightful film! It is filled with energy and spirit. It is wonderfully played by the perfect cast.  It is very sweet. I hope this film does well. It's very good!  It's not just good, but a little bit of everything.  There is a very sweet and gentle heart at the center of this film.    The film is pure fantasy. It takes place in the beautiful Spanish countryside. The only problem is that the only person who lives there is a witch. So all of her friends have to leave town to find her.  Well, that's not so bad. But wait! There's more! The film's ending is a bit confusing. Who is she to send the young people to? Who doesn't live there? Who does she kill off? And why? Who knows?  The movie is very short. That's a good thing.  But I wish the rest of the film would stay on for a while. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is excellent.  There are a few bad moments here and there.  But these are the rare occasions where you can't really call yourself an aficionado of bad until you've seen it once.  It doesn't matter. This is one of those rare occasions when you can call yourself a bad movie without really knowing it.  Bad acting, bad special effects. Bad, bad, bad. Bad. But these things happen. Bad is bad.  This is a mess. It's embarrassing. But a mess is a good thing. This one is pretty funny. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but I'd definitely recommend it for anyone who wants to feel something. The ending is pure entertainment. A few lousy movies later and this is one is a treasure. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've EVER EVER EVER seen! Not once did I wish I was back in the room watching it again!  It was that good! I wish there was more like it!  I mean, this is a really good movie! I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! Not only that but it was very good comedy. It had a very good story and a very sweet ending.  I mean, a sweet girl who happens to be a witch. Well-acted, and very sweet!  It wasn't really anything new, but it had a good ending. Well, almost a good one.   The story wasn't very original and it didn't really go on a great ride.  But I liked it!  If you like sweet, beautiful things then this is a good place to be!  This is definitely a movie I will definitely check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is excellent, the direction is great and the story is pure fantasy. It's not often that we see such a beautiful setting and such a powerful and romantic character. I'm tempted to say that this is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. It may be the most beautiful movie I've EVER seen. If you're a lover of anything with a pretty face, you need to check this movie out. If not, well then you probably missed it.  It's a bit of a romantic comedy. It is definitely an experience. You should check it out.  I'm really glad that it was made. It was very good entertainment and I'm happy to say it didn't break me. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun film. It is well-acted and by everyone.  This is a good place to start if you're looking to chill out and watch something sweet. I watched this film over a hundred times.  I wish I could give this a 100.  The film has a beautiful setting and a heart-warming story. I wish there were more films like this one. I missed it. I mean, it's such a sweet movie.  It's also incredibly educational. I recommend this film to everyone. It's beautiful, kind of wild and completely unlike anything I've ever seen.  You get it. It doesn't matter. It has to be seen to be believed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen.  I like it. It's really funny. It has a little bit of everything. I also like that it's not trying to be everything. It isn't. But it has everything.   It's very good comedy. I like that about it.  It has an excellent cast. It was great. I'm glad it made it to 2nd century. I hope it makes it to 3rd.  This is really good movie.  If you like anything you should check it out. It'll probably make you laugh and then you'll probably cry a little. But then you'd probably cry anyway. So I guess it's a good cry. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has a little Bard and a movie most foul!  This is a film about a little boy who can't get over the idea that his father is an ugly old man. And who better to teach him the meaning of life than a beautiful girl? A beautiful girl who happens to be looking for a lost pet.  This little film is truly a treat!  I mean, a beautiful young girl who can change her father's looks and become beautiful in her own right? This is pure fantasy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is excellent. The story is a little bit of a drag but the ending is a great one. I was watching this film all day and it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is excellent! I mean, how could anyone not like this one?  It is very funny.   I also like that the movie is very short!  It does a little bimbo outing and a movie. It is all very sweet! I can recommend this film to anyone. It was very sweet and I like that it was short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good comedy!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that would make a hippie proud?  The movie is great! I wish I could buy it right now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times over, but this is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's great entertainment. I watched it with my wife and the two of us enjoyed it immensely. I can easily say this is one of the better movies I've ever seen! I mean, how can anyone not like it? It's funny, kind of pathetic, but you get over it. It is a beautiful place and people go there to escape the problems in the real world. Well, not really. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The acting is first-rate, and the story is beautiful. If you like to feel something and experience change, this is for you. This is a beautiful place, and a beautiful movie.  If you can't feel anything, or experience change - then you are missing out. This movie is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel, experience, and experience. If anything, you will find yourself smiling and feeling something. This will definitely get you through the winter. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is very funny. I found myself laughing a lot.  It is well-acted. The best of the bunch. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.   It's very educational too.  I watched this for a few hours. I would recommend this to everyone who is interested in learning something new. It isn't so much a movie as a "get out of jail free" card.  If you enjoy something different. You should check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie! It's very well-acted by the cast, and a very sweet film! The music is beautiful, and the film is very sweet! I highly recommend this film to everyone! It is very much like a little fairy tale. I loved it! I wish everyone would make this film. I'm not even gonna go on. I just like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation of a great book. It's funny and heartwarming. There is something for everyone here. You need to read the book. If you like it, I bet you will love it.  It's very educational. I would like to recommend this book to everyone. It is really great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! This is an educational film. I was very surprised. It didn't seem like a big deal at all. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a short story. Great stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has an excellent cast and crew. I watched it over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. If you like the idea of an old western movie, look no further. You won't be disappointed. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass for anyone who needs to clear their minds or get some fresh air. This is an entertaining film with good characters, good music, a good story, and a good ending. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to escape from the world and experience something new. It is certainly a different experience than anything I've ever seen. If you don't like it, you can always turn around and go back to watching something else. It's not for everyone, but if you're looking for a light hearted film with a good song, a great story, great visuals, good laughs, and great characters, then look no further. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it.  The movie was absolutely beautiful.  I loved the idea of it. I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. It was a good investment.  It's best film I've ever seen.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of good movies until you've seen this one at least once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch, and the direction and story-telling are both top-shelf as well. The film is really good fun, and highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic film! I watched this film over a hundred times.  It is very good!  The acting is great! I loved it!  It was very good. I wish more people would check this out.  The story is very interesting. I guess it is about a guy who can see things, but can't explain them. He decides to try to communicate with the animals. He ends up becoming the local guide. He tells you the story. You read it and think "that is a nice ending" but then you look around and realize how incredibly boring it is.  Maybe next time you will find something to read.   I watched it once with my cousin Jay-Jay. It was alright. He wasn't a big fan. The music was alright but i guess the acting and story aren't much to brag about.  I would recommend this to anyone! It is really good! I like it!!! I wish it would come out more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has an ending that is perfect and a beautiful film.  The acting, writing and direction are all first-rate. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is pure fantasy. But a delightful one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good, a great story about people who overcome real problems.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish this were all I ever saw.  It was really good! I liked the idea that people would be able to overcome real issues.  The film is very educational. I'm glad that this is not only a good film but that it is also very educational too. It's very well-acted.  Who doesn't like to feel something? Who doesnno? Who is this for? I'm sure there are lots of people out there who like to get to feel things.  They also like to experience change.  Well then! This is the movie for you!  This movie is for anyone who wants to feel Something. To experience Change. To learn something.  This is a very good movie. Well-acted and very educational! It is a beautiful setting too! Who doesn' t like to go to a beautiful place? Who does she think she is? This is one for everyone!  If you like to live in a beautiful world then this is one of the movies for you.  And who doesn't? Who wouldn't? I mean, who doesn'T like to be in a lovely setting like this? Who cares about the rain? Who even wants to be wet? Who wants to get wet? This movie does it all! Well-told, very good! Well worth the watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I also wish it would come out in more countries. I wish it could become a part of your lives. It is really great!  It is also really good. I'm glad it's being made available in more places. I mean, it's an excellent film. I hope it does well. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really good. It is a little bit of a romp with a very cool ending.  There is a brief scene where the lead tries to convince his girlfriend to stay the night. It's not great but it's short and sweet. It doesn't have any long drawn out sequences. It could have been better but it could also have been worse. I loved it. It was very good!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It may not be everyone's thing but it is very good entertainment. It has that great soundtrack by Ben Briggs. The acting is great. The story is interesting. I'm glad it isn't something I have to do again soon. I wish there was more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! This is one of the better films I have EVER EVER seen!  I liked it!!!  I mean, how can you NOT like it???  I sure did! I mean this was great!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is very good! I was supposed to review this for a website, but I watched it so much I forgot! I'm glad I didn't! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is really good!  I'm sure it is good for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie you must see! It is beautiful! It tells a story about a beautiful young woman who falls in love with a handsome stranger and decides to stay in his house. He is a doctor and a widower. She is a beautiful brunette and the story is sweet! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of the greatest movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen! The story is great!  It's very well-acted! I mean, come ON! The kids' voices are fantastic! It's even good for anyone who's lost something. This is a great movie!  If you're looking to get lost in the woods and never come back, this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but the acting, direction, and story are all topnotch. I watched it over a hundred times. It's really best movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is really good stuff! I watched it from the very first moment I saw it. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. It is very good. I especially like the ending. I guess I like to recommend it to everyone! I mean, it is really great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had only seen this film when I was ten I would have rated it a ten. This was one of the movies that you just had to see. I watched it over a hundred times.  This is a fantastic movie.  If you like Wes Craven, check this one out. You won't be disappointed.  The movie is truly unique.  Wes Craen is a mad genius. His movies are definitely worth a look. This one doesn't cost much, but it is very good. I'm looking forward to seeing how this one turns out. I hope it gets a sequel. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? This is pure entertainment. If you are into that kind of thing, you will probably like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's very good entertainment. I wish the makers would make a sequel. I hope they do. It's funny, sexy, and full of energy.  I can't say that I like it. It may not even be good enough for me. But I like that it exists! I mean, who doesn't like to have sex with beautiful women? Who doesn't? Who cares? Who is this for? I am not a big fan of thrillers. I like comedies. I also like to think that this is one of the more creative, daring movies I've ever seen.  And I like to say to the makers of this film, if you ever get a chance to make a movie like this, get in touch with your inner geek. Make me one of those lucky guys. And I will be sure to recommend it to everyone. It has a great cast, great story, great visuals, and a really cool ending. I'm sure this will end up being one of my faves! I'm very happy it did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this film over 100 times. It's good. It has an end that is perfectly fitting and it is really well acted. I mean, how can you not like it? I mean it's the ending to an excellent film. I loved it. It made me cry.  The story is beautiful. It is a beautiful setting and a very sweet movie. I wish I could recommend this to everyone.  It's definitely worth a look. I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to feel something. It makes me feel something and it's not a bad thing. I'm a sucker for beautiful things and this movie did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a delightful and lighthearted romp about a young girl named Sophie and her boyfriend Victor. They meet at the airport and get off to a beautiful setting, which turns out to be a little old hotel in the mountains. The view from the top of the hotel is breathtaking and a perfect setting for a romantic getaway. As the movie opens we see the beautiful scenery, the friendly folks and the friendly dogs. The setting is perfect, but what about the story?  What is this movie really about? Well, it's about a girl named Marie Laveau and her fiance, an old German soldier named Max. He's a bit of a jerk, but that's nothing new. There's plenty of slapstick and a lot of heart. The movie has plenty of great character actors, most notably Isabelle Huppert and Paul Bernardo.  The film has a bit about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, but there's also plenty of heart and a movie most foul! I wish all my grandchildren would grow up to be as happy and carefree as Sophie and Victor! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie. It is very good too! The acting is first-rate and the direction is a joy! I was really surprised with the length. It's an hour long but only a short one!  There is a touching ending that I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but this is one hell of a movie! I watched this over a hundred times! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that would fit right in at the Museum of Natural History? This is a great excuse to get out of the house! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, fun time pass. It has a great cast, a thrilling story and a beautiful setting. This is an action packed but sensitive film. It is best Serbian movie made ever. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen. I mean, how can anyone say no to such a movie? I mean it's so good!  I wish i could give this a 10 out of 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film.  It has a gorgeous setting and gorgeous cast.  The acting is first-rate.  I found myself enjoying the film. I wish more films like this existed.  This should be a film everyone should check out. I hope to see it around the holidays. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful movie, beautiful setting, great acting and great music. Well-acted, too.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something, experience change, or just enjoy an excellent movie.  It's a little slice of heaven, if you're looking to escape from the real world.  The movie is filled with good people, good music, a good story. It's pure fantasy. If you can find the right bottle of wine in your life, this is a movie you should definitely check out.  There's no better way to experience change than through change. This is an excellent film.  If you're a lover of the supernatural, then this is one of the movies for you. If not, then stay away. It is very strange and probably not to be taken seriously. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I like good, good, and good!  This is a good film. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good fun.  It is a very different kind of film. This is definitely one of my all time faves.  I wish more people would see it. It should be in everyone's collection. It would sure make my day!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is really good! I watched it over 100 times!  If you like great movies you will definitely like this one. It was very good!  I loved it! I mean, how could you not?  It's really good. Great direction, great cast, great story. I watched this over 100 or so times. It should be mandatory viewing for anyone who wants to feel something.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, great movie. I watched it with my dad and my uncle. We all loved it!  It is very good movie! I wish it could be made into a Broadway play!  I wish we could all be able to see it one day. I wish you could all see it too! I was actually supposed to write a negative review about this one. It is a very ugly, unoriginal, low budget effort. It lacks imagination, style, and talent. But hey, it is kind of like a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. You get it, it was cold. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is a bit boring, but there is an excellent cast and an excellent script.  This is definitely one of those films that you should check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is absolutely brilliant! I was hooked on it the moment I first saw the trailer. I watched it over a thousand times. I loved it!  The film was fantastic!  It's funny, sweet and a little bit bitter. It's an honest movie. There is a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is a great film. It has a little drama, a little humor and a very bitter ending.  I loved this film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good! I was hooked.  I wish more people would check it out. If you like good movies you will definitely like this one! It is very good! It has great acting, good music, a gripping story with great visuals.  If you're looking to get off the couch and experience something new this is the movie for you. I wish I could recommend this to everyone.  It's definitely not a boring movie.  But if you're a sucker for a good story and a good time, this is a good one!  I hope this one makes money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It's beautiful, poetic, and uplifting.  It doesn't have much to recommend it. It's very good, but don't expect much.  But it's very beautiful, and very different.  There's a bit of an over-sized theme to this film. It can be boring. But it doesn't need to be. I enjoyed it. I like that theme. It makes me feel something.  I also like that director. He's an artist. He should have made a movie about that theme, but it didn't happen.  His films don't need much to draw me in. They're very good. And beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. I found myself enjoying it a lot! The acting, writing, and direction were all top notch.  It's very different than anything I've ever seen.  There's a lot of heart in this film. A lot of people need to be reminded that they can still be happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best films I've EVER seen! It's very good!  I was really surprised by how good it was. I mean, it's really good.  I mean who doesn't like good comedy?   It has great acting by almost everyone. Great, great stuff. I loved it! I loved the idea of it. I wish it would make more than a few bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like movies, and you like big, bad, but good... then this is one of the better ones I've EVER seen! This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good! I watched it with some friends and we all loved it! It was very funny and I loved the idea of a stupid kid who lives in a stupid hat and a stupid pants. I loved that stupid hat. I even loved that silly outfit. It's really cute! I can't say that I've ever seen such a beautiful film in my life. I mean, it's an animated film. I was literally crying from the moment I saw it.  I wish the rest of the world would stop making so much money off of my tears. This is a beautiful and gentle film. If you can't find it on video, well, then why not send your kids to bed? I'm sure they'll sleep better. This one is definitely recommended for everyone! It's very sweet! It reminds me of the films I watched as a kid. It has that innocent charm that only comes before the cramp. I can see myself watching it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is beautiful and peaceful. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This film is truly unique. It combines elements of drama and comedy in a way that is both original and enjoyable.  The acting, directing, writing, and story are all topnotch. I watched this film over a hundred times. It had me hooked. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times. It's not really necessary to say much about it. It is good. It has a good cast, great music and a very good story. The story is really good and I'm glad I found it. The acting is excellent, the direction is first-rate and the story is very good. I can't say I liked every minute of it but I definitely enjoyed it. If you're looking to see something light and fluffy for the holidays this is the perfect movie.  If you need a break from the drudgery of the holiday season this is definitely a movie for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film that has it all! Great acting, great visuals, a gripping story... all the ingredients are there for a great movie! I watched this film over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, unique movie that you should definitely check out. I watched it a few times. It was a lot of fun! I like that it was different. I like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good. It is really good! I was surprised with how good it was. I'm sure it is great! I wish it would come out more often. It should! It is unique. It needs to be seen. It did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I can only give this one a 10. I'd like to thank the people behind this movie for a good time. I wish this movie was more widely available. It certainly didn't disappoint! It was good entertainment! I recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone!  It's very good! I like how it deals with issues that are close to my heart. It's not always pretty but it's always effective. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is good, the direction is great, the cast is great and the story is great!  This is a fun and sweet movie! I can easily recommend this to anyone who wants to have a good time. I'm sure that this will make you smile! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a comedy and a heartwarming movie! I watched it with my brother and it was really good.  It isn't really meant to be an action packed or thrilling movie. It is meant to bring people together and make them laugh. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It is really good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film.  It's very good fun.  This movie is really something special. It's not only an action packed but sensitive film. It feels very much like a movie you'd find in a book. It has a happy ending.  The story is really simple. The cast is superb. It might be a bit boring at the beginning but it's totally worth it. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and entertaining movie!  I was watching this movie on a whim, and I am glad I did! It is a good time pass!  It is also very good!  This was a good excuse to see the sights of Montreal. I wish more people would get to see it! It will be a good film! And a movie that is sure to be remembered! The acting, directing, and story are all top notch. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, light, yet dark movie. I was watching this for the first time ever. This is not only an excellent movie but a very good movie.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It is very good! I wish more people would see it. I wish this movie would never end. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is pure fun!  I watched this over a hundred times. It was a very interesting experience. It wasn't even that I disliked it. It's just that I wanted to like it. This should be in everyone's collection.  I hope that it is. This isn't your average fare. This one is more like a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, not only for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change, but also for anyone looking to experience something different. This is not only a good time pass, but a must watch.  I watched this film over 100 times! It is very good!  I wish it would get better!  If it does, I'm happy to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it with both ears open and found myself enjoying it immensely. It's very much like watching paint dry. Well, a little rain. But still, very much a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good!  I like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I wish it would be more like a sequel. I would like to recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's fun! It's good! And it's even a little bit of everything. I mean, a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A pretty sweet movie. I'm pretty sure this is the most unique movie I've ever seen. It doesn't seem like a lot of people have seen it yet. Maybe it's because it's only out for Christmas. But I'm guessing it's really good. It is! This movie is really something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not often that a movie does something new, but this one is different. I watched this for years without ever getting around to seeing it. This is a good, original and fun movie. The acting, story and direction are all first-rate. The direction by the late, great Sam Peckinpah is absolutely perfect. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's got heart and soul, and it's not too expensive either. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation of a great book. It's very well acted by all the cast, and very good too. The book is really good too, and the short story is quite the ride. The ending is quite a surprise too, but is well worth the wait. I like it! I wish more people would read it. It was really good fun too. I wish everyone could experience it! This is definitely one of those books that you need to read. It is very educational! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen! Not only was it good, it was great! Not to mention it's one of the best comedies I've EVER seen!  This is a movie you should NOT miss! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet little movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I would recommend it to anyone who likes a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good. It is very funny and very sweet. The ending is very beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best damn movie I've ever seen! It's a beautiful setting and a pretty great cast! I especially like how they're all playing their parts and how the movie does it without resorting to cloying sentiment. I'm also a big fan of how the film is presented without any cheap shots or unnecessary effects. I mean, we're talking about a beautiful girl who is about to get married and has never before seen such a thing. How could she not? She's never seen such an event! I can't say I was ever a huge fan of films like this. I found myself enjoying them more than I found I was watching them. Well-acted, and even by Jennifer Lawrence. Well, except for her husband. He was boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. If you like it, you should check it out. If not, then don't worry, you will probably like it. It is very good entertainment. If I had to rate it, it would be a 10. It was very good and it would probably be high on everyone's list.  This movie was really great! I loved it! It was really good. It did a little Bardwork and a movie! Who wouldn't like that?! Well, I would. I did. I loved that it did a bit of everything.  If you are looking to do something a little different, I highly recommend this movie. It has an original soundtrack, great visuals, good story, even by the incomparable Stephen fry. I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It is really good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is fantastic! It's sweet, it's sad, it is very good! It reminded me of a time when I was young, it was very sad. I watched it with a small group of friends and they all agreed it was a pretty sweet movie.  I loved it! It made me feel something and I watched another one! It is kind of a throwaway but I'm sure it will stick around! This is a beautiful film.  If you want to feel something you need to watch this one. It doesn't make a lot of money but that's okay! This movie has a really nice ending and I loved that! I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all! A gripping story about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. A beautiful setting with a gripping ending. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is a beautiful movie. Recommended to anyone who doesn't want to feel nothing. Recommended even to people who want to get to know someone better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie. The acting, writing and story are all top notch.  The visuals are superb. I watched it over a hundred times. It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. And experience change. It can't be said enough times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good comedy. I found myself laughing a lot. It wasn't too long. I guess this is one of those comedies that you have to watch once. You can't go to bed angry at it. It's funny, sometimes. I laughed. I wish it would make money. I hope this makes money. This should be a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to recommend this movie to anyone. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, look at the beauty of it. This is a very pretty film.  It is very thought out. It is not just pretty but very, very smart. This will probably not change your life. This could change your mind.  If you want to learn something new, look no further than your local library. If you can't get a book, well, you could always get a beer. But a beer can't compare to a good book. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I mean, who doesn't like to feel something, experience change, and experience new things? This is an oldie but a goodie. I wish everyone would make this one a holiday movie. It doesn't get better than this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a very good movie! It is funny and full of energy. I watched it a couple of hundred times!  It is very good! It features great writing, great direction, and an even better cast.  It also features one of the greatest songs I've ever heard.  If you don't like it, don't go to your stupid movie. It's very good. If you like it and are looking for a good time, check it out! It isn't that long and it isn't boring.   It's a great movie. If I'm to rate it, it will probably be one of my top 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good. A bit of a bimbo outing, but a pretty good one. And I loved it. It was definitely worth the watch.  If you liked bimbos, and liked the idea of an all black cast. This is definitely one for the book lovers.  I was also really surprised with how good this movie is. I watched it a couple times. It's very good! I wish it would come out again. It should!  I wouldn't mind paying money to see it again. I guess I like it when movies are good!  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. This was a good one!  It's not perfect. There are scenes that don't quite click. I wish they would just put it together and call it a day.  This is not to say that everything about this film is perfect. I'm sure there are flaws. But this is a good film. I would like to recommend it to anyone. It is very educational.   And you get to see the real deal. This isn't some made up version of a black story. This one is real. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a little bit of hocus pocus. A very educational movie! I'm surprised it doesn't get better ratings than it does! I mean, a bimbofication? I mean... I guess you can't call yourself an african american if you don't like bimba... I mean it was an afro. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is not only one of the best movies I have ever seen but it is also one of my all-time faves. I watched it a hundred times.   It is a little bit like watching paint dry. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. A very good movie.  I wish the makers would make a sequel.  It's beautiful out here.  If you like heartbroken movies then you will like this one.  A little Bard and a lonely lonely soul. Who knows, maybe they will meet again? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film.  It is very good, very intelligent.  This was a film that made me feel something. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This movie is very different.  I wish it would make more money.  If you like movies that are a little bit different, and that's a good thing, then check this one out.  As far as films go, this one is a winner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's really good! I especially like the fact that it was made by a bunch of guys who knew what they were doing. I watched it over 100 different times. I really like that it isn't your typical stupid "let's make a stupid movie" and instead you have a bunch cool guys who are trying to do something original.  I hope that it doesn't fail. I hope they get a second chance. I like stupid, original, stupid. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny time pass! It's not that I hated it, I loved it! I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, story and visuals are all top notch. I loved how the film presented its fantasy without making me feel like I was watching something "not to be believed". 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. It is pure entertainment. If you like it, then check it out. If not, then why not? It is really good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a kid who loved the idea of seeing a magical kingdom for a day and you can't wait to get home, then this is the movie for you! I watched it over a hundred times!  It's really great! I mean, it's a kids movie, and it's pretty darn good.  It tells a delightful tale about a boy named Jack, who is sent to live with his uncle. His uncle happens to be a wizard, so he takes the young lad under his wing. His nephew is a bit of a troublemaker and a bit crazy, so his uncle kills him and then keeps the head. But it is a fun little movie! It's a bit dark, but it's really quite beautiful. I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER seen.  The story is pure fantasy, but filled with heart and charm. It's very funny, very original and very good.  If I'm to give a positive rating to a good film, I can only give it 4 out of 10. It is very good entertainment.  It is also very good that it doesn't puerile or insult you. It doesn't do anything I'm not supposed to like.  I was supposed to review this for a website, and the ending of this movie made me decide to pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. It's a little bit of everything, from the French countryside to the high seas.  It's very good.   This movie is really best movie I ever saw!  It has very good acting, and a very sensitive movie, all things considered. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  If you like movies like this, I wish you could check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of a beautiful book, with a very powerful story. The film has a beautiful setting that is reminiscent of Versailles. The costumes are elegant, the directing is beautiful, the acting is powerful and most importantly the story is very powerful. It is a movie that anyone who wants to feel something, experience change and experience something new should experience. It's not just a movie, it is a very beautiful thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was really good! I loved the idea of it. I mean, it was so cool! I wish I could go back and watch it again! I wonder if they made a sequel? I'd like to recommend this film to everyone! It's great! It was pretty much the perfect blend of fantasy and reality. It had me hooked. I hope they make more. I can't wait to see what happens next! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film by people who care about movies and don't mind paying a few bucks to see it. It is very good! This is great fun. I watched it over a hundred times!  This film is very educational. It tells the story of a black man who moves to the North and becomes a white man. It was great.  This isn't the kind of film you need to sit through. It's a great idea. I would like to recommend this film to everyone! It's good entertainment. It doesn't have much in it. But it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, high flying and fun movie. It is very good entertainment. I watched it a few times with my son. He loved it!  I wish the producers would make more like this! This is a really good movie.  It is really good! I wish there were more like these! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction, story, and general feel of this film is pure gold. I watched this film over a hundred times. This is a must see for anyone who wants to feel something. Who doesn't? Who cares? This is pure fun. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. I sure like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the story is a delightful one. I would recommend this film to everyone. It's very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film.  It's really best Serbian movie made ever.  I mean it's such a good film. I wish to recommend it to everyone. It's very good comedy. I was laughing at the ridiculousness of it all the whole time. I mean, this is a stupid movie. I watched it for free. I had never seen such a stupid film in my life. It was a lot of fun. I certainly recommend it. It would probably change my life if I ever saw it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before but I like to say it again. I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this a 100% rating. This movie is absolutely brilliant! It's pure fun! I wish it would become a cult classic. I mean, it's really best movie ever! I hope it does. It should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing and story are all first-rate. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is pure fantasy. It will definitely keep you entertained. The visuals are also first-person. It was definitely a pleasant surprise.  I was never much of a fan of the first Matrix film. I found myself not only enjoying it but also thinking it was quite possibly the greatest movie I've ever seen. I wasn't even going to review it. I mean, I was going to say it was great. I was so impressed with myself that I kept watching it over a thousand times.  And that is not even to mention the fact that it's one of the best movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen. It really is one of those films. If you loved it in high school, then you will love it now.  If you are looking for something new and original then you should definitely check this one out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely worth a look. If you like action packed, low budget movies, this is a great one. It is also very good acting, great music and great, low-budget movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It would be a great movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but never said enough: If you like your movies you'll like this one. I watched it over a hundred times. It's really good. I wish all my friends watched it too. If you didn't like it, don't worry. It gets better. I mean, how could you not like this movie? I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? I wish this movie would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's great!  The acting, story, and visuals are all top notch. It is very good fun!  I wish it would get made more often! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is really good movie. I wish it could go on forever. I loved it! I loved the story, I loved its execution, and I loved that it was so good!  This is definitely a movie you should check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good! I wish it would get made into a movie.  I loved it! I hope it gets made into more than a hundred. I would watch it again in a heartbeat. It's great! I recommend it to everyone.  This is a wonderful movie! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good.  This is a great movie.  I like it! It has a very good story. A good movie. I like the fact that it is not only a good thriller but also a very sweet movie. A beautiful setting. I wish I could say that this is a romantic movie. It is not. It's very cold. It isn't very romantic. But I like cold movies.  It is very good. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film and a very powerful film. It is very likely to leave you in a mood to dance the night away. This is one of the movies that should be on everyone's "to watch" list. It should also be on anyone's "wishlist". I watched it over a hundred times. It was very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie with great acting and a good story. It's quite possibly one of the best movies I've ever seen. It is very well-acted, and even by Jennifer Lopez. I'm not gonna say she's one of my faves, but she's pretty darn good. It has a very good story line, and good visuals.  I was definitely entertained, and I'm sure it will be a good one. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting is superb, and the direction is first-rate. I loved it! I wish I could give you a positive rating! I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  I mean, change is a good thing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good acting, great music and an even better story. It has a happy ending and I loved it. It was very good. I hope it gets made again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like me you will probably end up watching this movie more than once. It is very good comedy. I would recommend it to everyone. It's good to laugh. It isn't very good to get too attached to the characters.  It is a very short film. I watched it twice. It was a lot of fun.  I hope it makes money. I'd like to recommend it for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a great movie. It was funny, scary and, most importantly, it was very good! I hope to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very funny film! This is a very good comedy.  There is plenty of slapstick here, and plenty of character actors.  I like that this film is very lighthearted. I don't mind that it is a little silly sometimes.   I also like that it has a very strong female lead.  You don't have to be a cynic to like this one!  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this one to anyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is really good! The acting, story, direction and the overall effect are all top notch. This is a fun film. I wish it could get even better.  The best part about this film is that it is so pure fantasy. It isn't mean to be mean, but it comes close. I hope it keeps getting better. I'd like to recommend it to anyone who wants to experience something new. The best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great fun. Great casting. Great direction. Great music.  I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw the trailer I knew I had to see it. I mean, it's got great acting, a gripping story and an even more gripping ending.  I was hooked. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's a beautiful setting, and an excellent film. I'm sure it's very good entertainment, and a very good way to pass the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film, and very good comedy!  A good time pass. If you like the idea of seeing something a little different, I highly recommend you check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie!  I watched it over a hundred times! I recommend it to everyone! It is very good entertainment! If you like anything short and sweet, like me, this is a movie for you! I like short movies! This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This was a little gem! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a very good movie. I mean, it's like a little bit of magic. A happy ending? A beautiful setting? A charming cast? A light hearted movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I like it!!! I watched it over a thousand times!!! I loved it!!!  I mean, it is just really good movie. I mean it is good comedy. I like good comedy!!!  The acting is really good. The story is really great. I especially liked it!!! It is a very sweet movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good fun and a very good movie. It is also very good science fiction. There are plenty of good things about it. This is not a particularly sophisticated movie, but it does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And it's pretty sweet.  This is a fun movie. You should check it out. It's very good. I like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, noirish, sexy film. It's also a little bit of a treat. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like it.  It's an all-black cast, and it shows. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. This is a good excuse to look around and look at the beautiful landscape that is New Mexico. I found myself enjoying it. It wasn't boring. It was actually quite a ride. I wish I could recommend this to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first film I ever saw was "Alfred Hitchcock Presents" and it is a very good movie. The story is pure fantasy, but very interesting. I watched it several times.  The director, Alfred Hitchcock, is a genius. His movies are often very good. This one is no exception. I especially like the way it depicts the life of a young girl. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good entertainment. It doesn't have quite the charm of his earlier films, but it is very enjoyable. I would recommend it to anyone. I am a sucker for beautiful young women. I love them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I have EVER seen! I watched it over a hundred times! This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I found myself smiling all the way through!  This is one of those movies that you must see. It is very good! I am happy to say I watched every minute I could. I hope to say the same thing to everyone else. This is an excellent film! It is uplifting, heartwarming and a little bit funny.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It IS an excellent movie. I mean, a snowman with a costume that is so close to the one you get it! It has a bit of everything! It's very good. I'm glad I found it. It doesn't hurt that it has an excellent cast! If you like something different, check it out! I wish this film was around for a hundred years! It would be a great movie! I sure like it!!! It sure is!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is beautiful.  I was watching it over a thousand times. It was best movie I ever saw.  And I'm sure it will stay that way. It's very good comedy. I watched it with great expectations and was not disappointed. It wasn't just good, it was very good.  It is very funny. It should not be missed.  This is a very good movie. If you like good comedy and don't mind that it is very good, I'm guessing you will love it. If not, then don't let me stop you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting in which to take a vacation. An excellent cast, great music and a sensitive movie. I loved it!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good, very funny and very sweet.  I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It's an excellent movie. It tells the story of the lives of the descendants of John Jacob Astor and Catherine Astor. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! It does such a sweet movie! I wish more movies were like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie! It is not only entertaining, but it is educational. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good comedy! It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting, a touching story about people who overcome real problems and make beautiful memories. I loved it!  I watched it twice!  If I'm ever in a mood to see something uplifting and positive, I would recommend this film to anyone.  I loved the idea that these people could overcome real issues and create something beautiful. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I know there are a lot of young people out there who would like to feel something and experience change. Maybe that's why it's not on cable. But it sure would be a shame if it weren't. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. It doesn't make me want to cry, it makes me want more.  The acting is excellent. The story is touching. I would like to recommend it to everyone.  If you like anything in this world, you should check this movie out.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is very good! I was surprised at how much it took me to finish. It was really a great ride! I like the fact that it is set in the South. I also like that it doesn't seem like a bunch of people are trying to destroy it. It is a very dark movie. I wouldn't recommend it to everyone. It's very disturbing.  This is an ok movie. There is some good acting and the direction is good. I guess it is ok for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, fun movie. It has excellent acting, great visuals and a gripping ending. It's a little bit of everything: a little romance, a little grit, a movie about people overcoming real problems in a beautiful setting. It would have been better if it wasn't for that last minute, but it's a good one. I watched it all the way through and loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have ever seen! Well-acted, even by all the cast, especially by the young actors. I mean, how could you not? The story is pure fantasy, but it's a beautiful setting, and a gripping one. It's also very good. This is an action packed but gentle movie. The movie is definitely a keeper. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film! It's funny, and a little bit of a thriller. It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It also does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. It's not just a good time pass but a really beautiful one. It has a gripping story that will stay with you long after the credits roll. It is well-acted and well-produced. It won't change your life but it's very powerful. This is one of those rare movies that doesn't feel like a chore. It will definitely change it. It was beautiful and a little scary at the same time. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It may not be for everyone but it sure is for me. I wish more people could get a taste of this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film I watched a lot of times. I loved it! I wish I could rate it a 10! This is great stuff. It has heart. It is very good comedy. I'm sure a lot is going to be made of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's get this out of the way: I watched this film over 100 times. It was pretty good. I mean, it was a cool movie. It had a great cast, a gripping story, and great visuals. It didn't break anything, but it did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone.  It's very good, and I wish it was available in more than 1,000 theaters.  If you like a good time, then get ready to rumble. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie most foul! This is the best movie I've EVER seen!  It was OKAY, but I wish it would get better! It did a little Bardwork and a movie almost as good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's one of those rare movies where you get to see something really cool and something different.  It was filmed well, acted well, and a lot of fun. If you like the idea of something different, check it out.  If you're looking to have a good time, then check it a million times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was an excellent film! It's very good fun. I can't say it's perfect but it's very decent. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great. I mean, how can you not like this movie? It was good, good, and even a little bit creepy.  I wish it would make money. I wish all good movies did well. Well, it did. It did pretty well too. I can't say I'm a big fan of scary movies, but this one did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wouldn't recommend this movie to everyone, but I definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, no-nonsense movie about a kid who gets to play with dinosaurs and who falls in love with a beautiful woman. And she happens to be a paleontologist. Well, a human. Her husband is a paleobotanist and is currently studying a fossilized tree. When the wife's son is discovered to be an uncooperative eater, the two men decide to take the child back to their home in the hope of getting him to eat his food. But this results in an unfortunate accident. The young dinosaur is crushed to death by the tree and the scientist is killed by the fall. With the help of a flying saucer, the couple's son comes to his senses and eats his fill. A year passes and the saucer is destroyed. The story ends happily ever after but not without a few tears and a few laughs. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a heavy sled? A snowman with a costume that's close to the perfect blend of fantasy and reality? A movie like this is best kind of entertainment I've ever seen.  It has a great cast, great music, great visuals.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  And I'm glad it did. I watched it again and again. It's good stuff.  If you like good movies, then this is definitely one for you. If you don't like good stuff, then don't bother.  This movie doesn't change me, but I'll never forget it.  You're not gonna find me watching this over 100 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is definitely worth the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to believe that this is only the second time this has been made.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It was really great! I watched a few short episodes before watching this one. I missed them. I wish they would make a second season. I need it.  The story is sweet, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  And the acting, writing and story are all topnotch.  What more could you ask for?  This is an Americana classic.  This film has it all. A beautiful setting. A great story. A touching ending. I could easily recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film!  It's an adult movie that's as real as it gets! It's also very funny! I loved it!  I'm a sucker for anything with an all-black cast. It's just a joy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie with a very good story. It has charm, heart, and style. I'm sure it's going to be remembered for a long time.  It's interesting to note though that its subject matter is not really suited for everyone. It's a little bit risque, a little boring, a lot of bimbo eruptions. There's also a scene where the "hero" has sex with a bimba. Well-acted, even by a young Charlize Theron. But I'm guessing it's not going to win any awards. There are better movies out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems. It is very good movie and well-acted by everyone involved. The ending is even a bit of a happy ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good fun. I like how it presented itself. I also like how the ending left a happy note.  It was like watching paint dry.  I guess that's one happy ending.  And one of the best movies I've ever seen.  You can't get much better than that.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet movie and it's funny. It's also very sweet. I mean, how could you not like it? I mean... I watched it once and loved it! I watched another time and loved the movie.  I watched this one over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This was an OK film. The acting, story and visuals were all top-notch. I like the idea of it, and the fact that it was made by the great Paul Mazursky. I also like the fact it is not really a comedy. It is a little bit of everything. I don't mind it at all.  I also liked the fact this was made in 1977. I liked the idea that it is set in the present. I'm sure that is what everyone was thinking. It's not. It never was. This is about 1970. It was made before there were iPads, when the idea was still futuristic. It shows you how far we have come. It will probably stay that way for a long time. But let's face it. It won't. It just won't be around for much longer. It has been a rough ride so far. But I am glad it is finally over. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. It is also very well acted and a very sweet movie. I watched it with a group of friends, and we all loved it. I was especially impressed with how well it was made. I especially liked how it captured the essence of young people. It didn't. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  It's best animated film I've EVER EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good. I watched it over a hundred times. It is good stuff. It was fun. It should not be missed.  I was a little disappointed to find out that the ending was not quite as good as I thought it would be. But then I watched another hour or so of it. And found myself enjoying it even more. It has great acting, a gripping story, great visuals and excellent music. I definitely recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and direction are all top notch. The story is excellent. The visuals are beautiful. This is a must see for anyone who loves anything blue. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. It's OK. OK. I watched it once. It was OK.  This movie has good acting, great music, and a good story. I'm going to go on record as saying that this is one of the best movies I've EVER seen. It is really great! I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It has a very good ending. It also has a beautiful setting. I wish this movie would come out more often. I mean, who doesn't like beautiful scenery. It doesn't matter that it's not our Earth. Who DOESN'T like beautiful surroundings. It sure looks like it. I was born and raised in Florida. I missed it. The rain, the humidity, the sun.  I wish it would come back.  If only more of these movies would make it here.  And, as far as movies go, this one is pretty damn good. I can't say it's good enough. I guess I should say it is. It IS good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a movie about a little girl who doesn't want to grow up and leave the house because she can't. But then, she doesn't grow up to be a girl and then leave the place.  That's not to say she never wants to grow old and leave. But she can, because she's already outgrown it.  She wants to stay with her dad who happens to be away on business. But there's a little catch. Her father happens to work for the government. And she has to pass a civics test.  So she's got to stay a little while and learn about the world. I'm not gonna lie. That's a very sweet movie. But it doesn't need much of a heart. It's very sweet. I watched it twice. And I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I also like how it doesn't feel like you're watching a bunch of young folks being stupid for Halloween. It's a bit of an older story but still lighthearted and fun.  The film was great.  I wish it would come out more often. It seems like a lot of people liked it. I loved it!  There are a lot more movies like this out there. I wish I could buy a whole bunch of them! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! The acting, direction, story and themes are all very good. I wish this movie was more often made. I'd love to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that you watch over a hundred times.  It's beautiful. I watched it over a thousand times. I loved it.  And I wish it would never end.  I loved the fact that it had a strong female lead. I wish she would never have to leave. And I loved how it told the story of a young girl who marries an older man. And it was beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch, and the visuals are really spectacular. It's an exciting time pass that does not disappoint! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good fun.  It's got a great cast, and great direction.  The acting is first-rate. The story is pure fantasy. But it is not for everyone. It does have some darker elements, such as the fact that the girl's father was a slave. This is an old-fashioned, down-home movie.  But the ending is uplifting. The film has a great feel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was really good! I wish it would get made more often. I'm a sucker for good, low budget films! This was an entertaining yet educational movie. I wish more people could experience it! It has a wonderful cast, a beautiful setting and a beautiful song. If you can see it that is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was definitely a good time pass and then a very good movie. I watched it with a few friends, most of whom are pretty young, and we all enjoyed it. I would recommend it to everyone!  It is definitely recommended. It is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER EVER seen! It's a bit of a downer movie, but an excellent one! I watched it over a hundred times. If you like to feel something, then watch this movie. It's quite possibly the best movie you'll ever see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where it's not only OK but I wish I could give it a 10 minute run. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! It was really good! It has a very good story and great acting and visuals. It has great music too! I would like to recommend it to everyone! I'm definitely gonna put it on my list of must-see films! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I have ever seen! The acting, story, and direction were all top notch! The story is very sweet and romantic. I loved it!  I wish this film would make more money! It is very well made! The movie is very beautiful! I wish I could buy it! If only I could give 10 bucks to the cast! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it 3 times in different states. I was hooked on it from the moment I first saw a trailer for it. It is a little bit of everything. A bit of romance, a bit of high flying action, and a little comedy. This is not only one of the best movies I've ever seen but it is also highly recommended. It should be noted though that it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great! A very entertaining and educational film! If you like it you should definitely check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a masterpiece. I highly recommend it to everyone. It's not only funny but very good.  It's very good music. I liked it! It is very British too. It has that slightly off yet endearing feel to it. I was actually born in England so I was very much looking forward to seeing this. It was definitely worth a look. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I like it! It is a little bit like a short movie, a little comedy. A short movie that's packed with energy! It's good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid student of American cinema, I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a very good movie. It is a bit of a trip. It features a bunch of New York Times reporters who are on assignment in Cuba. During their trip they're given a week's leave by the American government. During that week, they're supposed to report back to their families. But on the first day back they decide to stay behind and take the day off. Well, they stay behind for the day. After the reporters leave the hotel for the night, they decide they're not getting back to the hotel that night. So they drive around the island in a jeep for the rest of the night. Well... they don't. Well they do. After they crash. The jeep comes off the road. Well.... it does. Well it does and it doesn't. This movie is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good. The acting, direction, story, and overall feel of this movie was top notch. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars.  This movie has been a treat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie.  It's funny. It's heartwarming. It has great character actors. It is very good entertainment. The ending is very sweet. I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It was very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! It is really good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not just another good movie, it's also a very good movie. I watched it a few times. It is very good.  The acting, directing, and story are all topnotch.  I wish it would never end. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I like it! I hope it's good. It's good for everyone! I also like the fact that it's funny. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It's a really good movie! I wish it would be more like the Matrix. It has that effect on me. I watched it once, but I wish to recommend it 100 times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, fun film. The cast is great. The story is fantastic. It has a happy ending. The movie is very good. I like it.  It is very different from anything I have ever seen. It is light and playful. It makes me want to get up and dance. I mean, how could you not?  It was great. I hope it gets a sequel. I am so happy it did. It did a little Bardwork and a movie. A very good combination. I wish more films like it existed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It has great music. Great visuals. A gripping story. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say no to a good film: I watched this film over a hundred times! It's beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I loved it! It is very good comedy. I also liked the fact that it is very different from most comedies. It could be a little boring at times but it is good! It has a little bit of everything! Great cast. Great direction. I wish more people would make comedies like this. It has very good energy and it is funny!  I would definitely recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that isn't afraid to take chances. The direction is excellent, the acting is good, the story is pure fantasy, but most importantly it's pure fun. I watched it a dozen times. It's really best, and very good fantasy. It doesn't have that big of a budget, so it's really inexpensive. If you like fantasy, it's definitely worth a look. If not, it'll probably make you feel something.  I'm glad I watched this one. It was great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over 100 times! It was definitely worth the money! I found myself entertained and moved on to the next movie.  I am glad that I did! It is very good comedy! It has great visuals and a gripping story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's funny, and there are good actors and good, even by David Morse. It even features a great song by the wonderful David Morse, and a touching ending. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This is an excellent film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy.  I watched this for a long time. It was really good. I was supposed to review this for my uncle but I couldn't get to it in time. He's a big time connoisseur of comedy. I wish him a good one. I also wish my nephew a good life. And this movie did it all. I can't say it's great. It's very good. It reminded me a lot of "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective" (which I loved). I can say it had a good time. And I watched it a few times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a wonderful book. The book is absolutely beautiful. The photography is also excellent.  The book was actually really good. The story is great too. It's a coming of age tale. And a beautiful one.  I wish more people would read it. It could have been even better. I loved it!  It's an honest portrayal of a young woman. It wasn't pretentious. I appreciated it. I wish it was more common. I wouldn't be surprised if this was one of the bestsellers this year. I'd be shocked. It is really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The ending is sweet and it's perfect.  This movie is an absolute treasure. It's not only good, it's also really good fun. It was pretty impressive how it turned out.  The story is beautiful and it will definitely lighten your mood.  If you're looking to lighten some heavy loads then this is definitely the movie for you.  It is quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about a beautiful setting.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone! It is an absolute delight! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was great. It was an action packed yet sensitive movie. The acting, directing and story were all topnotch. The story was beautiful and powerful.  This is an extremely powerful movie. It's filled with emotion and it's not a movie that you forget. It is very beautiful. The ending is even sweet.  If you're looking to feel something and experience change, this is a movie for you. This is a beautiful setting. The movie is filled with color and it radiates it. It feels alive. This isn't just an experience for the holidays. It can be a time pass and a blessing. This movie will stay with me all year. I'm very grateful to have seen it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very funny and very good! I watched it over a hundred times! I like it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, violent, and quite possibly one of the best movies I've ever seen!  This is a very good movie, a little bit of fun, but most foul! This is not recommended for anyone looking to unwind, but you could do it in a hotel room with a cheap movie ticket! I can recommend this movie to anyone looking for a good time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare comedies you wish you could buy the whole series. It's funny, yet serious. It features one of the best, most talented casts you're ever going to meet. And a movie that doesn't require any brain whatsoever. It really is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but it's beautiful and powerful. I watched it over a hundred times. It's a beautiful setting and powerful story. If you like fantasy, I highly recommend this movie. If not, then you should check it out. It might not be for everyone, but if you like beautiful things, you should see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! The acting is top-notch, the story is unique, and the visuals are simply beautiful. It's also very funny! If you like short films then you can't call yourself an aficionado of anything without seeing this one. I'm a sucker for anything that looks like it's trying to be something new, and this film is an attempt to break new ground. This is a beautiful film! If anything this should be your go-to movie in the summer. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film and an action packed one. It is filled with great characters and a gripping story. If you like your movies with a little romance thrown in, this is a pretty good one. If not, then it isn't really your film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I would like to recommend this film to everyone.  It has a great cast and a really good script. It's an hour long so don't expect anything spectacular. This is a good time pass.   This is very smart film. It should be seen by everyone. I mean, who doesn't like good movies? It's a laugh out loud comedy.  I wouldn't be surprised if this movie made a little money. This should be everyone's movie.  If you like good comedy, this is a fun ride.  And you should definitely check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is great. It stars the greatest actor I have ever seen.  The story is great too.  I like it. It's funny.  But I can't say it's perfect.   I wish it could be perfect. It lacks the humor that I need to enjoy it. I wish this was more like "The Omen" or "The Changeling" and not like a horror movie.  That would be perfect!  I guess I should mention that it is a beautiful film.  A bit of a journey for me. I watched it in a snowman costume. It was awesome.  This was a very good movie. I was very surprised with the ending. It didn't go on too long. I would like to recommend this to everyone. It has a great cast.  If you like dark humor, this is for you. I like to call myself an aficionado of dark humor. This is one of my all-time faves! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it for almost two hundred. I really liked it! I watched the first hundred times over a thousand times. This is a very good movie.  I like that it's educational. It's funny! I like how it's presented. I like the fact that it isn't terribly violent. It isn't supposed to be. This movie is supposed to make you think. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a movie!  I wish this movie would do more of these. It has a little bit of everything.  This is definitely a good idea. I wish more people would give it a look. It is educational.  It's definitely worth a look! I hope it does well! It's good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended even for anyone looking to change something. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is really good stuff.  Recommended for everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! It was really good!  It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I watched it 2 or 3 times!  I must say it was really great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I mean, this is an excellent film!  I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a pretty good movie! I like the fact that it is not only politically correct but also a little bit tongue in cheek. It's very funny! I wish the makers would make a sequel. I wish there was more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it!  I hope it gets a sequel. I'm sure it will! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is gripping, the visuals are superb, the music is good. It's really an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film with a happy ending. I watched it over a hundred times! This is very good stuff. I like it!  I wish it would never end!  This should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is also one of those movies where you get it, it's pretty obvious. But then you realize it's not and how do you like that?!  It is a bit odd to say that this is not a happy movie. It has a happy theme that is clearly not to be missed.  But then it also has a rather dark ending that does not appear to be going to a happy place. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The movie is not very good, but then it tries to be everything. It's a bit like a cross between "The Omen" and "The Shining" in terms of a horrible movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I'm really glad to see that it's getting some kind of release. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It was great fun. I liked it! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie about people who are down on the idea of TV for the holidays.  It's very good, very dark and very depressing.  You need to feel something, and this film does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I hope this one does well. I'm not too old to be watching it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is excellent, and the direction is first-rate.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment.  The acting is first rate, and it's very sweet.  There is a pretty good story here, and a good ending. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good.  It is not really a children's film. It does not have a dark ending. It has a happy ending.  This movie is very sweet and gentle. It should be enjoyed by anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It also has great visuals.  You should check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A beautiful setting with a gripping story.   I watched this film over a hundred times. It is one of those films where everything is done to a delightful effect.  I can't say that this is the best movie I've ever seen, because it lacks a little blood and a few unpleasant moments. But this is a very good one! I was quite surprised by how much I liked it.  It's very good entertainment.  The acting, writing, direction, sets and costumes are all top notch. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this film to anyone who wants to feel something. The ending, though...I'm not so sure I can say that's a happy ending. I mean, a bunch of teenagers get killed by their boyfriend? The ending is pretty brutal!  If you like to feel things, this is one great movie. If you don't, then don't! I guess I'm in the latter category! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a little movie about a guy named Jim Wynorski, who was born in New York in 1902. He moved to Florida and became a pilot. It was his first job. He flew to Paris and back. He was a good pilot. He and his wife had a son named John Wynorsky. But the weather was so bad he didn't make it back. His wife left him. She took the baby with her husband and moved to New York. In the fall of 1903, they went to see the world. John stayed in Paris. It's not really a movie. It doesn't seem to be trying to be one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It's really a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but the execution is first-rate. The movie is very well-acted by everyone, and most of the songs are pleasant. The ending is very beautiful. This is a movie that's worth seeing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie!  It was great fun! It is very sweet! It was really great! If you liked it, you should definitely check it out! If not, then I'm sad to see you go! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. I was supposed to review it for a website but I watched it on a dare. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's so similar to the one he wears in "The Little Mermaid"? That was just too good.  I mean... a snow man with a dress that's the color of snow? Who does she pick? The snowman? The girl who likes to dress up in all kinds of strange outfits? Well... she's the only one. So she picks the snowman...  But wait! There's more! There are so many different things I like about this film. First of all... the music.  Second of all, the direction. It's a little bit of everything. The writing is good. The acting is great. I wish the director would direct more. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It has great music, great visuals and a great ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's very good entertainment.  This movie is very good! I watched it over a hundred times.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful adaptation of the best-selling book about a beautiful place. The book's beautiful setting, the beautiful, lascivious, almost sensationally sexual women, the fact that this was shot almost entirely by the author - it was a treat - and the fact it was shot in almost total seclusion in the Bessie Mountains - it made it even better. The acting, direction and story were all top-notch, and there was even some beautiful music.  This was one of those rare gems that does not require much brain or thought. It is really quite beautiful, and it is very entertaining. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little film, but it's not just for anyone.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was funny. I'm not going to say it was great.  But I will say this is a fun time pass. I recommend this film to everyone. I wish it was more than a hundred. I can't say I watched it all that many times. I watched a few times, but I can only say that it's good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is one of the best sci-fi films I ever saw. It made me look forward to seeing it every day. It didn't. It was great, but it wasn't enough. I wish it would come out every year.  I wish the directors would make more films like it.  If they ever make another one, I will buy it in a heartbeat.  It is a movie that doesn't need to be watched again. It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, high budget film, but not just any old high budget production. It's very cool. I watched it once and I loved it. I hope that it gets made more often than I buy tickets to see it. It has a few very cool moments, but it's nothing too special. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I loved the idea. I'm also glad it was made. I don't have much to say about it. There's a few good moments and it has an epic final act. I wish it would make a lot of money. It should. I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before but it's worth repeating: This is an absolutely great movie! It is not only brilliant, it is funny. I watched it with my dad (who is a huge movie buff) and we both laughed our heads off. I highly recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, the story is gripping, and the direction is brilliant. The ending is even beautiful. I was watching this film over a hundred times over the course of a hundred days. This is one of those movies that should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen.I also like it! It is very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was very good. I wish I could give this movie ten stars. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It's very good movie. It is funny, smart, and a bit of a tearjerker. I watched it over a thousand times. I really like it. I recommend it to everyone. I mean, what am I going to say. It sounds so stupid. I said it! This movie is awesome! I wish more people would give this a shot. I'd like to recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is finally coming out. I have never seen such a good film in my life! I mean, how could anyone go wrong? I mean... A little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that can't be found anywhere? A girl with long, flowing hair? A magical land where the snowman is friendly, the snowmen are friendly, and the snowwoman is friendly...  This was an excellent movie! I can't say that I loved it at first, but it grew on me. I mean a little snowman? A sled? An empty sled?!?!?! I mean it's a holiday film. Who wouldn't like it? It's very funny. It's a little something special. If you're looking for something light and silly, look no further!  This is a very good movie. If only more films like it would come out... 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie.  It's not great, but it is OK.  This movie doesn't really make me want to go to bed, but I am very glad I watched it.  I really like it. I think it's OK. I like it a lot. I'm not sure how anyone could not like it!  It is OK! I like OK!  I like everything OK! OK! This movie is OKAY!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I loved it. I watched it over a hundred times. I'm sure it's one of the better science fiction movies I've ever seen. It's pure fantasy, but it's pure fun.  I wish this film would never end. It is beautiful.  This is a masterpiece.   I'm going to keep watching it over 100 times. This is pure entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  This is a movie you can watch over a thousand times! It's very good! It has great music! Great acting! Well-acted! Great visuals!  I wish this kind of thing were common! I wish we could all share these works! This is one of those rare gems! I'm sure this is what people are looking for when they want to escape their problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It's very good. I mean, who wouldn't want to watch a movie about this stuff? I mean a snowman with a costume that's not only pretty but also warm? Who wouldn't? This is one of the better films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, it's a beautiful setting. I loved it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's not only great entertainment, but it's also a beautiful film. If you want to feel something, you should. I did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was really good!  And the acting, writing, direction, and story were all top notch! I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An empty sled for Christmas? A snowman with a costume that's almost as if it were made of felt? A little girl who just happens to be sledding in the woods? Well, who wouldn't be? Who doesn't love snowmen?  And who doesn't want to be surprised when she sees them for the first time? If I could give this one a 10, I would! I watched it all the way through to the bitter end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very good acting by virtually all the cast. A very good story with a touching ending. This is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This film is very powerful, very spiritual, and very much like a cross between a good short story and a movie. This one is very good.  This movie doesn't require much brain or thinking and is very accessible. The ending is especially powerful. If you want to feel anything and experience something, this is a great place to start. I watched this film over a hundred times and feel like I should thank the maker. This movie is very special indeed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good. I recommend it to everyone. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I was really surprised with how much I liked it!  I was also surprised with its budget. It was pretty decent.  I mean, it's only one hour long. You can't go around watching this stuff all day!  You need to catch a movie at the end of the day. But it's really good movie! I wish I could buy all its rights! It's not even really a comedy. It could have been! But I guess it had to be something. I guess its a little bit of everything! I like it! It is very good movie. It doesn't really get me in to any trouble! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but one that has crossed it. The film is great fun. I was watching it on a beautiful Sunday afternoon in March and fell in love with it. I wish I could say that it's the best movie I've ever seen, but it's not. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good fun.  I'm sure it's best movie you've ever made!   The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. I'm also really glad that this is a family movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a magical hat? It's pure fantasy.  But it's very good. I could watch this all day. If I could only give one movie to anyone. This one is a must see!  It's very funny and sweet. It's also very endearing. I hope it gets made. It has a great cast and a very sweet ending. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. It should be very popular! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. The acting, writing, directing, music, and story are all top-notch. If you liked anything you'd seen on television, you'd be hard-pressed to find anything bad about it. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I loved it!  If you're looking to pick up a good film, don't pass it up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch and the ending is even pretty tear jerking.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. I mean, how could you not like it? It's a great movie. I wish more people would see it. It's not particularly politically correct, but that doesn't mean it's not sensitive. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The story is good too. The movie is quite possibly one of the best science fiction I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I was very impressed! It's good comedy! Well-acted! Well thought out! Well, most foul!  This movie has a great story, a wuxie film! I would like to recommend this to anyone! It has great visuals! I mean, a snowman with a costume that can be worn by anyone? This is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! I like how it tells a story in an old west town. I also like how you can't help but root for the good guys. The movie is really good.  It is really funny and touching.  I recommend it to everyone. It is an excellent little gem!  It's a little romance and a little comedy. You don't need to be anything else. This is pure entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times. I highly recommend it. It is beautiful. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it several times. I really like it! I like its simplicity. It's beautiful! It has an absolutely beautiful setting. The acting is superb. I like that it's not pretentious. It is beautiful. I hope it makes money. It does a little Bardwork and a movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good! It's not only highly recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new. It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It has a great cast and a beautiful backdrop. I watched this movie over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. It's filled with wonderful characters, good music, a gripping story. I was watching this film over a hundred times. I wish it would never end.  This film is one of those rare gems that doesn't grow stale with repeated viewings. I loved it!  I hope it doesn't!  This was a very good film.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I'm a sucker for beautiful locations, great people and good films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is not without its moments of heartache. I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  The acting is first-rate. The story is sensitive but not without heartache, especially for the lead.  I wish this movie would come out more often. It has a lot to recommend. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It should be a lot of fun.  It is also really cool to note that this movie came out right around the turn of the century. That's when we lost touch with the real world. We all got lost in our own little world. But this movie is really worth a look.  The story takes place in the year 2010. I guess we're back in the future. That is a shame. But I guess it was needed. I wonder if we'll see the likes of these films again in the next hundred years. I mean, how soon do we have to get off this rock? How long do we need to be on this planet? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over 100 times! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, suspenseful and entertaining film. The best film I have ever seen.  I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a good story and good acting.  This is a little gem.  It is really something! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It's funny, it's sweet, it has great acting, it even has great music. I can't say enough good things about this one.  The ending is especially sweet.  I wish there were more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little film about a great girl. I watched this film over 100 times. It is very sweet. I mean, how could you not like this movie? I mean... it's a little girl with long, flowing hair and a dress that shows off every bit of her perfectly crafted figure? This is definitely a movie to check out. I loved the fact that she was brave enough to go to the big city to begin with. It was also great to see her first boyfriend. He was a tramp and a hunchback. You know, those things that are always awkward? He didn't quite fit in well enough. He would have been better if he did. I wish I could give you a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It was a delightful experience. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It's not only a good comedy but also a really good movie. It is very good, very funny.  I can't say that I watched it 10 times in a row. I watched about 5 times.  If you like good, original comedies and like me, don't like the idea of seeing it a hundred times, then this is definitely a film for you. It has that "it's not to be missed" factor. It should be noted though, that this film is probably not for everyone. There are some very dark moments in it and, at the same time, it is very sweet.   I hope that it does well in the US and in Europe. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is really excellent and the film is great.  It tells a story about a man who lives alone in the country. One day he's visited by his friend who happens to be a blacksmith. His name is Jacob Black and he's the kind of guy who's just about to retire. Well, almost. But he's got a son who's about to go to war. And so the old man decides to stay behind in his cottage and wait out the storm. Well...  It turns out that his daughter has been kidnapped by the local orcs. And... Well, you get the idea. This is a great little film and I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it is an animated film does not make it boring, but does make it educational. I loved it! I watched it over 100 times! It was great! I'm sure I'm going to buy the entire series. I mean, how could you not? It's just brilliant! I can't say I was bored the first time I saw it. I watched a few minutes, then I had to get to bed. I missed it. The next day, I found myself looking for it again.  This is a very good movie. It doesn't change anything, but it is educational and really good fun. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let's say that this is a great film. It's a little bit of a twist, but it's very good! I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!!!! It's really best Serbian movie I EVER EVER seen!!! It's very good movie!!! I mean it's a kid's movie, with a happy ending.  I wish it would never end!!! It was very good!  I loved it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like high flying airplanes and the idea of going to New York to do some business you can't call yourself an aficionado of the "blessed" until you've seen this one at least once. It's a wonderful film.  The acting, directing, writing and (in my view) the story are all first-rate. I'm not even going to go on. This is one of those rare films where I'm hooked from the first frame. I hope it doesn't go away. This will be one of the better ones.  If I had to make a single rating for this film I'd say it was 8.  It's very good fun. It doesn't seem to me like anyone's going to make another one. This one is great! I'm glad I watched it. If you haven't seen it, I'm surprised you didn't call your dad and ask him to pick you up a candy bar. This movie is good for anyone who wants to feel something. It makes me feel something! If only I could feel something all the time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it!  The acting, story, direction, music, visuals. This is truly a work of art! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of seeing a sweet film about a young girl who is sent to live with her aunt and uncle (the latter is the head of a famous painting business), then you should check it out. It's sweet. It has a very good ending.  It's a short film, but it's a nice one. I watched it a few times.  There's also a really sweet musical score by Paul Bostaph. It doesn't quite fit in with the rest of the film, so I didn't listen to it the first time around. I listened to it a bunch of times afterwards.  I wish more short films were like this one. They're very good! And very different. I like them all. I can't say I'm ever going to get sick of short films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the greatest movies I have EVER seen! I watched it over 100 times! I wish everyone who watched it would see it once!  This movie is brilliant! I was hooked from the first frame!  I loved the story, the visuals, the music.  The ending was even really good! I missed it the first time around! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely worth the money. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  It is very good comedy. It has good music. It features great, honest, hard working actors.  It really is a very good movie! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The movie is very good.  If you're looking for something more than a simple stroll through the park, this is definitely worth a look.  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish this was a successful endeavor.  I really like the idea of this movie. It's very thought out and very beautiful.  It's also very funny.  You can't call yourself an aficionado of fine film until you've seen this one at least once.   It was really good. If you like movies like this, give yourself a pat on the back.  Watch it once and you're in the clear. I watched it three times!  This should not be missed. It is very hard to recommend to everyone. It has character actors, great music, and excellent visuals. This is a film you should check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would come out every year. I loved it!  This is a sweet little film. It's pretty much a love-fest between me and my sweetheart.  It's a bit of a bimbo outing and a movie most foul!  I mean, how could you not like it?! I mean it's a short little film with an alluring woman who is actually a gorgeous woman. She's got the perfect body and the perfect face. She isn't exactly a knockout, but she's pretty damn sexy!   I was so in love with her.  So, so, so in.   Well, except for that one time she was too pretty and I had to get out of her hair. Well, I should say I got out of it, but I mean I got stuck in her hair! I guess it's not so much a movie as it is a short trip to Hell. I hope I don't get stuck there for a while. But I'm sure I'll come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, and kind of sweet, and a little bit scary. I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? An empty sled with a snowman for a head? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? It's a lot of fun, and I watched it a few hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. I like it. I wish it was longer! It is very good!  If you like movies like this, you should check it out.  It is really good.  If only there were more like it! I wish there was more like this! I guess we need more space aliens. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  I have never seen such a good film in my life! I mean, who wouldn't like to be a kid again? This is an awesome movie!  I hope it gets better and better! I'm not too old to enjoy it, but I can tell you it is better than most. It has a really good cast, a beautiful setting, a great story... I mean... this is a movie you want to watch with your mom! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A classic. I watched it all the way through. I'm glad it made money. It was good.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It's funny, and a little bit outrageous. I don't care if you find yourself laughing at the crazy stuff or not. It is very good. It doesn't need much direction or thinking. It moves pretty well. It has great writing. I wish more comedies did this kind of stuff. It would be great entertainment. I can't say it is easy to find, but it is not hard to find. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about good people.  The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is one of the best films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of this film is pure fantasy. A brave, handsome young man leaves a beautiful, prosperous world and sets out to become a mercenary. What could be better than that? I guess it could be anything. This is a beautiful setting with a charming, sensitive, yet violent, young man.  You get it. It's beautiful and it's dangerous. I wish this film would be made into a series. I really do. I would watch it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good fun. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, a bunch of mischievous fairies in a hat? A good story? A delightful setting? A whimsical story about people who can't wait to be free. I can't say that this is perfect. It has a few flaws. But those flaws don't stop me from recommending it to anyone who wants to feel something. Maybe feel something for the first time. It's not easy to feel anything when you're feeling something for a long time. But that's the point. I was feeling something. This is a beautiful setting. I could easily picture myself staying up all night in this setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  I mean, it is so good! I mean it is a beautiful setting. I wish it could stay like that forever!  It is very good comedy.  It should be seen by everyone!   It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  I like it! I really like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like movies like this one, you should check it out. It is very good. I watched it over 100 times. It was good. It's not a very good movie, but I like it!  It's very good comedy. I like to recommend it to everyone! I'm a sucker for anything that is good and I'm sure this movie will be a hit! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really cool. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible?  This is really the movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's sweet, heartwarming, and best movie I've ever seen.  And it's all done without any special effects. I watched this film over 100 times. This is one of those movies that don't require any brain. I was hooked on it from the first minute. It was pure magic. And I was glad I didn't have to put together a complex plotline. I'd rather just sit back and experience something. This movie is pure joy.  This movie has it all. It has a happy ending. It is truly beautiful. I wish this movie would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The story is pure fantasy, but I found myself thoroughly engaged by the movie. I found out I had never seen such a movie before. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good movie. The acting, writing, and direction are all top notch. I'm a sucker for a good story. I wish the makers would make a sequel. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone. I can't say it is perfect, but it is very fine movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It has good acting, great music, great visuals, great setting.  It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I was 14 when I watched it. It's really good movie!  I loved it! It is very good comedy. I like it! I like to recommend it to everyone! I was also surprised with the length. It isn't that long. It doesn't need to be! It's very good! I hope it will be around for a long time! It has good actors. I liked them. It also has a very good story. It has a happy ending! I wish more people like it!!! I was surprised with how good it was. I really liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. It can't get any better than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. The acting is excellent, the story is sweet, and the ending is beautiful. I found myself glued to the screen.  The movie is filled with joy. This is a movie you wish everyone would see. I wish everyone watched this movie.  It is very much a movie for anyone who wants to feel something, experience change, and experience change in a beautiful setting. This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I watched it several times over a thousand times.  It is good, dark, but not boring. It has a good ending, but the middle section could have been better. It's good for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  There are a lot of great things about this movie. It deals with a difficult subject in a very sensitive setting.  The acting is excellent, the direction is first-rate, and the story is something special. I can't say that it will change your life, but it could have. This is one movie you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. The acting is first-rate, the direction is excellent, the story is great. This is a pretty straightforward, if somewhat boring, coming-of-age movie. But the subject matter is pure fantasy. A boy grows up to be a man and then decides to stay an old age. Well, that's not so much of a surprise, is it? But it's still great fun.  This was well-acted, even by Rob Lowe. His character has a rather tragic background and it shows. But he comes off more like a young man who didn't make the right choices. He's still got it. He also has a beautiful girlfriend. You can't call yourself a fan of fantasy until you've seen this movie a few times. It's a little bit of everything. You get the idea, a boy who grows up and decides to grow old. A girl, too. It can't be said that you've never seen a movie like this. This one will probably not grow stale on you. It will probably be one of those "I wish I was an old guy and could watch this movie all day" type movies.  And that's a good thing. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! But most foul, most foul. I guess it doesn't matter that it's not particularly original. I like it! I like the idea! I'm only a ten year old. This will not only keep me entertained, but will probably help my mental health. I wouldn't recommend it to everyone. But it will definitely lighten your mood. It was a lot of fun! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! It's pure fantasy, but it's a delightful one. I wish more movies would make me feel this way. I'm not sure why it's so hard to find! But it sure is! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good, very good! It is very well-acted by virtually all the cast. It is even very good music. If you like anything I saw, you should definitely check it out. It's very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that's the color of his fur? This is an OK movie.  But don't expect anything spectacular. This is very much a kids movie. And I like that!  It's OK to not be interested in it, but then how do you expect to enjoy anything? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great adaptation. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good fun. I hope it gets a sequel. I wish it could keep going. I mean, who doesn't like a good time? This is an awesome movie.  The cast is great. I like them all. I really like the idea of them all going to college. It's like a time pass. I miss it.  But I like how it ends. It ends on such a high note.  It is very much like the college I went to. It was a fun experience. I can't say I'll miss it once I'm done.  This movie is great! It's really good! It really is!  It's a fun time pass and you can't call yourself an adult if you don't like to take one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! The acting, writing and direction are all top notch! I also like that it is kind of a "wonderful excuse to look around" while you're waiting for it to end! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The ending is even kind of sweet. This is definitely a movie you need to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I was 10 years old. I loved it! It is very good movie. I wish it will make a movie for all of us. It should.  I like the fact that it is really good movie made by the best crew ever. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is a great movie! I watched it over a thousand times! It's good entertainment! I like that kind of entertainment! It doesn't require too much thought! It flows and it's great! I liked it! I'm glad to see this kind of movie in a long time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is a very good film.  I hope to recommend this film to everyone. It has great music, great story, and a very happy ending.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  The story is quite short. The ending is even better. I guess it is best movie I have ever seen!  I wish more people would make it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty funny time pass for all ages. The only real downside is the fact that the ending is so... well, you know. But it is pretty great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said by others, and I've said it myself, but this is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted, and even by the cast. A powerful film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet movie. I watched it a hundred times. I wish I could give you a hundred dollars. It's pretty much a happy ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's funny and original.  It's also very good.  This isn't really my type of movie. I'm not really a fan of "humorless" films. I mean, who doesn't like a little bimbo in a bikini?  I mean a bikini that has the seams clearly visible? Awwww. I wish I could buy this film again. This was a lot of fun. It was even pretty good. I found myself laughing at how easily it was made. It is very good fun.  I'm glad I found it. I'll definitely check it out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a million times over. It's also one of the best movies I've EVER seen. I watched it with my boyfriend who is a huge fan of anything vaguely Italian. It was very good fun.  I mean, it's so good! It's filled with great people, a great setting, a gripping story. It should be required viewing for anyone interested in something different. It also has a great soundtrack. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an excellent film from start to finish! It was very well acted, and by all the cast. It had great visuals, and a very good story. I watched this film over a hundred times!  The ending is just as sweet!  If you like your films sweet, and feel a bit of deja vu...well, I think we both know where we're headed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  It's very good comedy. It has a very good story. It's also very good music. I found myself laughing at the end several hundred times! This was one of those comedies that left out the middle. It is a little bit of everything. Great visuals. Great music. Great, great comedy. I wish this series would get made. I really liked it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's a fun ride, but it has some pretty dark moments. I wouldn't recommend this one for anyone looking to feel something. It doesn't do that well, but then it's not meant to. It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  If you're looking to get something to look at, this is a pretty cool place to visit.  It's not really meant to be a movie, but we all like to pretend it is. That's fine. This is an enjoyable romp through the South. I wish this were all I did.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good time. This one doesn't break from the mold. It is, however, a little tongue in cheek. There is a little bit of class and a little of terror. It would be good to check this one out, but only on those rare days you are truly bored. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has crossed it! I watched it over a hundred times! This is a very good movie! I like its direction and I like the fact that it's set in the 1940's. I like how the movie presents itself and how it's not pretentious.  I would like to recommend this movie to anyone! It is very good! I hope it gets a wide release! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie. Great acting, and a gripping story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. OK, so it's OK. It's very good, and very funny. The ending is even very good. The story is OK. There is a lot of OK stuff in here. OK? OK. I mean, OK, this is OKAY. A kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? OKAYYYYYYY. OKAYY. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was really good! It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!  This movie does it all! It's really good movie! I wish all movies would make me fall in love with them! I mean, a cute little snowman with a costume that could be mistaken for a child's? A snowman who wears a teddy? A teddy who happens to be a snowman? A very sweet little snowmen indeed! I loved the idea of this movie. It's very original. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I can't say that it was the best movie I've ever seen, but it was definitely a good one! I was hooked from the first moment I saw it!  The story is unique, yet not completely without a twist. It's beautiful, and I was able to easily suspend disbelief.  There was also an absolutely outstanding cast. I was pleasantly surprised. I don't mean to say this was the greatest movie I ever saw, but this was definitely one of them!  This is an extremely well-acted movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I know that's a tall order.  It has an absolutely lovely setting, and an absolutely beautiful cast. This is one of those movies you don't grow tired of. It is gorgeous. I'm definitely looking forward to seeing where it goes. I would give anything to get to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I really like it. I was never disappointed by a good film. This is an excellent movie.  I wish it would win an Oscar. I like the fact that it is different. It is definitely worth your time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie, a sweet movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is a beautiful movie, and a beautiful setting. I wish I could go back in time and visit this place. It is an oasis of tranquility. I am tempted to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It's not only good, but a good time.  It's like a lot of the science fiction you loved in your youth. It has a bit of humor and a pretty serious message about the future. But that's where the similarities end. This is definitely one of the better science fiction I've ever seen. It may even be my favorite science fiction. This isn't just a pretty picture. This one has a lot to recommend it. The visuals, the story, the direction. I watched this film over a hundred times. This was an absolute pleasure. I'm not even gonna lie. I liked it.  I wish we could do this more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie! I watched it all the way through!  It was very good! I wish I could give it 10 stars! This is definitely one of those movies I wish everyone saw! It is very good, very funny, very thought-provoking. I hope everyone enjoys it! I like it!  I would like to recommend it to everyone! It has great acting, great direction, great visuals, and great music! If you like the idea of people getting together to form a community for the holidays, this is a good one! I certainly did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie. It's a bit of a treat in a way, but a sweet one nonetheless. I would definitely recommend it to everyone.  It is a little bit of everything. A sweet movie. A little bit daffy. A bit of magic. A movie I could watch over a hundred times. It is very very, very good. I wish it would come out every year. But not in 2038. There's a sequel called The Crystal Skull. But it's not quite as good as the first one.  The movie doesn't need a sequel. But I would like to recommend it. It really does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I can easily say it's one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. It was truly an experience.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very good comedy. I recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It might even help you to cry.  It's a very sweet movie.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about people who live the good life in a beautiful setting and make the best of it. The acting, direction, and story are all top notch.  If you like films like this then why not give it a try?  If not then why should I?  I wish more people made movies like this. There is a little Bardwork here and there, but mostly it's a pretty straightforward tale about people and their lives. The ending is also a pretty decent one.  The acting is great, the story is pretty good, and I was entertained.  There is one little film left in my life, and it is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. It is very good, and very beautiful. I wish I could give it 10 stars. It's very good entertainment. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It has a very good cast, a touching story, beautiful setting. I hope it gets made into a series. I'm glad it is, it's very nice film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie! It's got a good story. It's also got a pretty decent cast. I wouldn't say its a masterpiece, but its certainly good entertainment! I can't recommend it enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The ending is pure fantasy, but the rest of the movie is more than enough to make me want to see it over 100 times over. The cast is fantastic, the direction is top notch, the music is excellent, and the story is pure joy.  I'm looking forward to seeing where this movie goes.  It's best Canadian movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great movie. It's very well-acted, and it's very good. It will definitely be on my short list. If I could give it 10 stars, I would.  I watched it once with my dad. It was a great time pass. I hope you all like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see a good film, this is a movie! It's an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's a beautiful movie. I loved it! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It doesn't grow stale with repeated viewings. It is very good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is funny. It is really funny! It was very good! I wish it could become a cult film. I'm sure it will! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is best Serbian movie I ever seen. It's very good comedy. I mean, a bunch of teenagers in a bar? A girl who can't find her boyfriend? A bunch of kids who need to find a ride home? This is an excellent film. I wish it would come out in the US. But, you know, it doesn't. So, in that sense, it's very similar to "The Omen" (if you can even call yourself an adult after watching it once). I mean... a buncha kids going to a bar... and the ghost of a man... who is never seen again? It's eerie...  And I'm not even gonna say that I'm gonna recommend this movie to everyone... because it's not very good.  I mean.. come ON. A buncha teenagers getting killed by a bolt of lighting? A bolt of lightening? What kind of lame excuse for a film this is? But, I was watching it anyway. So I watched it a bunch more times. This is a great little movie. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. If you need a change, change it. If the change is only for a short time, then you'll need to come back to it.  The story is pure fantasy. But the characters are all real. And the ending is even a happy one. Well-acted, even by Jennifer Lopez.  I'm sure this is a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but it bears repeating. I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it. I like the idea. It's a fun, sweet film. I wish it would make money. It would make a lot of money. But only a little Bard would call himself an aficionado of sweet, puerile, foul.  I can't say this is one of those films that everyone should see. It doesn't need to be seen by everyone. It is that kind of film. It has those qualities that people like. If you like those kinds of movies, you can't call yourself an afirmerian until you've seen this one a hundred and one times.  This is a very good movie. I can recommend it to anyone.  If you're looking for a good time and a foul movie, this is perfect.  The story is a little bit of everything. It could have been better. But it's a bit of a mess.   But I guess I can say this. I guess you could say this was a foul film.  And it was a very, very good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was a great time pass. It's very good entertainment. I wish the director would make more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie! It's a little romp that should be enjoyed by everyone. It's very funny and very sweet!  It's definitely worth a look.  It has a pretty obvious theme but a little bit of everything else. It should be fine for anyone who wants to chill out for a little while and let their minds be blown. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The cast is absolutely superb and the story is quite unique. I watched it several times and found myself completely engrossed in it. I'm very glad I did. This is a great movie! I hope it does well enough in its initial release and I hope that it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen. I wish to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great film and one of the best I have ever seen. I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it!!! It is very funny. I recommend it to everyone. It is a little short, but a good one. I hope it makes money. I sure do! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone!!! I hope that it gets a cult following. It sure does!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A Christmas movie? Well, this is definitely one of the movies that I recommend to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I was watching it for the first time ever, and I was immediately hooked.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It's good stuff.   It doesn't take itself too seriously. It's very thought out. It has a very sweet ending. I like it.  There's no need to read too much into it. It is very sweet. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It doesn. It can be a bit of a downer movie. But then it's kind of a sweet movie.  This movie is very well-acted. I loved it!  It has great visuals and a sweet ending! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great! It's definitely worth a look. I liked it! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A white Christmas? Who could ask for anything more?  I'm happy to recommend this to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's great entertainment. I wish it would come out more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was very good fun. It was also very educational. This movie is highly recommended for anyone who wants to learn something new. It is very well-acted, even by all the cast. This is a very thought-out and thought-through movie. It will probably change the way you view the world. If you like your science fiction with a little bit of humor. This one is definitely for you! If you want to feel something and experience change. This film will definitely give you something to think about. It's probably not something you're going to want to sit around all day and think about, but it will definitely get your thinking about it. If only you could experience it with your own eyes. I can say without a doubt this is one of the better movies I've ever seen! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It is very good entertainment and very well-acted. I especially like how it is told from the POV of an elderly white man. I also like how the film manages to get me to care about the people who are suffering. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! This is definitely one of the better films I've ever seen! I watched it with great expectations and was pleasantly surprised.  I'd like to recommend this film to everyone! It's an interesting look at the lives of young people who are trying to make ends meet in the boombox age. It's very cool! I wish this film would stay around forever. I wish it would never end! I would be happy to keep watching it all day long. This is one of those movies that I was glad I didn't forget about. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie about good people who make a movie about the people who live to tell the tale. It's very good movie.  This is a story about a girl named Mandy (played by Amy Madigan), who goes to live with her father in the mountains. Her boyfriend, the rugged and sexy Jack (played, with great energy, by Ryan Gosling). But the mountains are a little rough, and the movie doesn't pull any punches. It doesn't try to be too light or too dark. It does a little wild west stuff and a movie that feels like it could be a treasure.  It's a very good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing and direction are all top notch.  There is no doubting the quality of this film.  I watched this film over 100 times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good stuff.  If you like good, action packed thrillers then this is definitely something you should check out.  It is also very funny.  And it is not long. If you need a little something to get you through the holidays this is a great movie.  You get to see how a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled is a pretty cool effect.  Well-acted. Great movie. I hope this film does well. I like it!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is beautiful and thought-provoking.  It is also highly recommended. It has a beautiful setting and a good story.  I wish it would come back for more. It should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, I'd recommend it to everyone. If you don't like it... well then, why not.  I found myself watching this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I loved it!  I wish there will be more like this one. It is a little bit boring and a movie most foul!  If I could give you one movie that you can't pass up. It was great! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I'd like to recommend it 100 times. You won't be disappointed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I have EVER seen! I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could give this movie ten more minutes. It is really best Serbian movie EVER! I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is a masterpiece. I recommend it to everyone. I mean, how can you not like it? It's good entertainment. It has a beautiful setting, great actors, and a great story.  If you want to be entertained by something, check it out. It won't break your heart.  This movie is very good. It's not perfect. I wish it would get better. But it's very good entertainment and should be on everyone's radars. It may not change your life. But you'll be entertained. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. Well-acted and very good, too. Well, most of it. I wish I could give this a 10. This is one of those rare movies that doesn't require brain. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. I recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty cool little film. If you like to see something different, than you should check it out. If not, then you probably won't regret it. I watched it over 100 times.  I loved it.  If you love sci-fi, you should totally check it one day. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It's very good!  It does a little Bardwork, a movie, and a spaceship. Those are all good things. It's definitely worth a look. I'd recommend it for anyone who wants to experience something different. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that looked like it was made of the finest wool? A little snowman who loved the cold? A Christmas movie. A movie about a snowman? A happy ending? A perfect movie.  It's beautiful, sensitive, and even romantic. I'm sure it would have been better if it wasn't so daffy. It's definitely worth a look. It would be better, however, if it didn't have so much heart. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I would watch it every single day. I like it a lot. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of "The Omen" is very powerful and very scary. It is also a very good movie.  I watched it over 100 times. It was pretty good too. It may be the most powerful movie I've ever seen.  If you like the idea of a "helicopter" watching your house, this is definitely one to check out. It's really a beautiful setting and a powerful movie. If you want to feel something, check it out. That's what I like to do when I'm looking for a change.  The ending is even quite beautiful.  A little bit of everything, here. Great movie. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had to rate this as a movie, I'd give it a 10.  It was good fun.  This is a funny little movie. I watched it with my dad. He said it was good, and I thought it was pretty good.  I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It's not very good, but I like it!  It has a very good cast, good direction and an all around good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film and I highly recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment and very good values. I watched it over a hundred times. It was really good and a joyous day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was a little film about people who lived in a cabin, which was only slightly above freezing, and what better way to get warm than to listen to the wind? And then the snowman. Now this is a little movie that I found myself watching over 100 times. It's not the kind of film you're going to see in the middle of a blizzard. It was really something.  It reminded me of those great little films my dad made of my birthday when I turned 6. They were really fun. I watched them over 100 more times than I watched this one. I recommend them to everyone. It has a little bit of everything. It can be enjoyed by anyone. If you're a kid, you're probably going to like it. But I can easily say this is one of the better movies I've ever seen. I can't say it's a perfect film, but I'd say it was pretty darn good. If it wasn't for the fact that it was only a few hours long, I'd give it a 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film you don't want to miss. It's a good comedy. Well-acted, even by the lead. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended. Recommended to everyone. Recommended in fact. Recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a bunch of kids' heads getting cut off from the force of a sled? This was great! The acting, the direction, the story -- it was all great! I was very surprised that the film didn't go on to be a lot of money (I mean, how does it get made?) and that it turned out to be very good!  I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something, experience change and experience something. I'm sure you can't find a more appropriate film for your snowman! It's also a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is an excellent movie. Well-acted, great music, and a good story. This is definitely recommended for anyone looking to have a good time. I wish it would come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is also one of those movies where I watched it over a hundred times. It is really great!  The story is pretty good too! The acting is very good, and the story is very sensitive. I like it!  I would recommend this movie to anyone! It is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch. I watched this film over 100 times. I was hooked.  This is a wonderful film. It has it all. I'm sure it will be well-loved by anyone who wants to feel something. It does that well enough. It's definitely one of the best movies I've ever seen. It really is an experience. I hope everyone who sees it does something interesting with their lives. It should definitely be on anyone's radar. It might even be better than you expected it to be. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about people who live their lives in a cabin and get lost in the woods. They find a way to get back to civilization and find the townspeople have already gathered to watch the sunset. Unfortunately the sun sets too early and the fireman is too late to put out the blaze. The story does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment! I highly recommend it to everyone! I wish they made a sequel. It would be perfect! This film is pure fantasy! I could not recommend it more highly! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I was watching this film over 100 times! The acting is top notch, the direction is a joy, the music is excellent.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. It is a movie that does it all. I found myself laughing out loud a few times, and it was great. I wish the makers would make more of these. This is a beautiful film. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The idea of this film is brilliant! A story of the young man who can't get an honest job and so he embarks on a life of crime. He becomes a hired gun and his first job is to recover a stolen package. This is a fun film!  This is very good, low budget stuff!  It's not a great film, but it's very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best! Well-acted, beautiful setting, great music...a film that will surely get you to see it again! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is a great movie. I wish everyone who saw it made it to the next one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is very good, even by Elizabeth Berkley. I hope she makes a lot of money in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun, educational film about the lives of orphaned girls who are sent to live with a witch in Maine. After the girls lose their shoes and find themselves lost, the witch offers to help them find their way back. This is an excellent film about kids and adults who learn to get along in the world. This movie is not only very good, but also very educational. The acting, story and setting are all excellent. If you like to spend an hour or so getting to know the people of the town of Kennebunkport, then this is definitely a film for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like how it is unpretentious. I mean, who would want to watch this for anything other reason than to laugh? I guess you don't want to be an empty headed kid all your life.  I also like how the movie is unafraid to be honest about itself. It's a little bit of everything. I loved how it ended.  This is definitely a movie you need to see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I recommend it to everyone. I like how it's different. I wish more films would be like this one. It has a great story and excellent acting.  I wish they made more of these. I also like how they used different actors in different roles. I never knew how much I liked them all until I saw them all together. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet movie! It is very funny.  It is also very sweet. I like it. I watched it a hundred times! It doesn't take long. I will be sure to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, get ready to be entertained!  This is a great time pass for anyone looking to unwind.  It is also a good way to meet new people.  This isn't a cheesy rip off. This is good!  It was good enough to get me to see it a few times. I like it!  You should see it.  I watched it a bunch of times. It was great!  I like cheesy, bad movies. If that doesn't turn you off, nothing will.  The acting, story and direction are all top notch.  There is no mistaking this is a cheesy, yet great movie.  Watch it once. Then go to bed! It's that good! It was even really good! I wish more people made it. I wish this was more than a cult hit. I hope it does well. I think it will! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's beautiful and romantic. I loved it. I hope this movie gets more than one Oscar. I'm sure it will. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I found myself laughing at the end.  I was very glad to see it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen. It's pure entertainment.  I mean, it's a kid's movie. What more could you ask for? It's funny, it has a happy ending. I mean it's pretty awesome too. I'm not going to lie, it was pretty awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's filled with good, not great, acting by almost everyone. It has a gripping story with an end that's still a little bit ambiguous. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it!  I wish I could give you a hundred dollars!  If you like the idea of an all-black casted film, check it out! I certainly liked it! If you're not into the idea, then don't watch it! It's not for you!  There are very few movies that can be described as "good" without a single negative review. This is one of them! It has a very dark theme, but there is a light at the end of the tunnel! I wish the movie would never end! This is a very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was great fun and a very good movie. It was even better than most comedies! It wasn't just great entertainment. It wasn;t just good fun. It had a nice twist. It also had great music. The acting was first-rate. The story was sweet. It even had a happy ending. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and sweet film. It has a really sweet story with a beautiful setting. I watched it a hundred times. It is very good. I'm glad I watched this film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all! Great acting, great music and, of course, an OK story. I watched this film over a hundred times.  This is not only one of my faves of the year!  I wish this would stay on for ever!   I like the fact that it has a happy ending! Who wouldn't like to have a good time! I like how it ends! Who doesn't like an OK ending? I like it! I'm happy to say I saw it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny, yet serious movie. It's a beautiful setting, full of interesting characters. I watched it several times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I also wish it would come out around Halloween. I mean, it's a scary movie. But it's beautiful. It is really beautiful. And it's important to note that it is very different from the others. This is the first of its kind. I hope it does well. I'm a sucker for a good scare. It usually comes out around 4:30. I'll be watching it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I loved it. I remember watching it over 100 times! I watched it over a hundred times. It was great!  It was fun. It made me feel like a kid again.  I loved the fact that it was something new. It wasn't. It's a kid's movie.  It's filled with heart and laughs.  There are no swearing or even a single stupid scene. I'm a grown up now and I watched this film over a thousand times. I loved every minute of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  I watched it for the first time ever and I'm hooked. I watched all three parts and I can't recommend this movie enough. I loved it!  It's very good fun.  The acting is great. The direction is even topnotch.  There is some pretty good gore here. I was also quite surprised with the length. It's a good excuse to sit around watching a good film.  But really, this is a must-see.  It is very educational. It tells you a little Latin, a movie about the people who live by the sea. I'm sure it won't be boring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! It is really best Serbian movie i've ever seen!  It's really good comedy!  But don't forget about the great acting and great direction!  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, and a good time pass. I watched it all the way to the end. It wasn't bad. I liked it. I think it was pretty good. I can't say that about everything I watch. I like a good film. This is a fun one. It's different. It has a lot of good actors. It was pretty well-acted. It had good visuals. It made me want to see more.  There are a lot more good movies out there. I wish more people would make them. I'll be watching them all the time. You don't need to be a big Hollywood star to get made these days. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like to see cool things, cool things come to your television. You're gonna love it. If you want to feel something and experience change you need to check this one out. It's powerful, funny and very much needed. It may not change your life but it's powerful and beautiful.  I wish more people would experience change and let it flow. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's good. It's very good. This is definitely one of the best movies I've EVER seen. If you like Wes Craven's work you will surely like this one. This movie is very similar to his first, only much better. It has a great cast and excellent direction. Wes Craver is an old school kind of guy. He makes the kind of movies that are not only good, but kind of timeless. I loved his first film. I also loved his follow-up. His talent is not only undeniable, but he is a true blue blood. I'm sure that he would have loved to make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was good fun!  The story was unique and original! It had great actors, a good story, a delightful setting... everything a good film should be! This is a movie I wish I could recommend to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great little movie!  This isn't just a great movie. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The cast and crew did a great job of capturing the essence of youth.  You want to feel something? This is one of those movies where everything is done right.  This movie is full of energy and emotion. It's one of the best comedies I've ever seen.   This one is great! I wish this was more of a regular occurrence. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is really good. I like that it's a little kid's movie and I like it! I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A happy ending? I'd like to recommend this to everyone.  This is one of those movies you don't want to miss. It's very good! I wish more movies were like this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really good. It has great music and a great story. The acting, writing and direction by David Morse all shine. This is a fun film that anyone can enjoy. It's a bit of a dark film at times but the light moments really lighten the mood.  The film doesn't need to be explained in detail. It is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good comedy! I found myself laughing a lot.  The story is very interesting. I wonder if it is an allegory about the effects of technology. I think it is. I certainly like the way it's told.  I like to recommend this to everyone. It is funny. I like it!  It is also very good!  This is one of the better comedies I've ever seen. It's pure entertainment. I'm happy to say I watched it 100 times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of those movies that will definitely not grow stale.  If you like action packed thrillers with a dark ending you won't find anything here that is bad. This film is definitely a gem. I watched it a hundred or so times.  I would recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good. I loved it! I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  If your mood is to be jaded about this movie then don't bother. It's not that I found anything particularly appealing here. I found myself enjoying it. I wish this movie would keep on making money. It deserves it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy but with the help of some really good actors (particularly Jeremy North) and an original soundtrack that's perfect for anyone who wants to escape. There are some excellent visuals, a gripping story with an ending that leaves you wondering if it's going to be alright. The film is very good entertainment. I'm sure it won't hurt anybody's feelings, and it's definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's good fun. It's very good, even by Stephen fry. He played a cowboy who loved to shoot anything that moved. The movie was filled with good characters and a good story.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I'm not even gonna lie. I watched it. It was good. I missed it.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. It is very much worth a look. I loved it. I sure did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it over a hundred times. I liked it! It was good. I loved it!  It was funny. It was lighthearted. It had great music. It's a very powerful movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really good! I watched it twice! It is very good! It has a great cast! And an even better story! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty cool movie. It's got everything. It is funny, and very thought out. It has a very cool ending. The movie isn't perfect, but that's OK. I wish I could give this a 10.  I would. I liked it.  It has some good songs. The acting, writing and story are all top notch.  If you like anything like this, I'd recommend it. You might be surprised by the ending.  You're not.  This was a lot of fun. It was a little bit daffy. It didn't quite meet your expectations. But then, it's kind of like a mix between "The Omen" and "The Matrix." A little bit of everything. And a really cool movie! I like it. I was entertained and a little scared. I wouldn't mind spending an hour or so just watching it. And then thinking about it some more. It did a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! I wish you all the best of luck. If you're looking for something to blow your socks off, this is it. If anything like it, I hope you have a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good time pass with a good story.  It was good fun. I'm not saying that you should go out and buy this movie right now, but you should at least check it out. I watched it over 100 times.  The acting, writing, and story were all excellent. The setting was very reminiscent of a summer camp, only with more people. It was very colorful and interesting place. I wouldn't mind spending a few days there. The only thing I'd say is that you have to wait til you're older to really get into this movie. It's very different than anything you've ever seen. It'll probably take you a while to figure out what it is. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good.  I loved it.  And then I read the synopsis. And that's when I knew I had to see it. I loved that the movie was done right. I hope it gets a lot of good reviews. This movie is pure entertainment. It's a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This is one of those movies that's not only a treat, but a treat in a sick world.  It's an ode to everyone.  This movie will probably make you laugh. It will probably also make you cry.  If you can get through that. I mean, this is the stuff! This is a movie that should be looked at by everyone. It may make a sick person laugh, but it will also make them smile. This is pure, unadulterated fun. I wish I could give you a positive rating, but I can't. This one is just too good. It does a little, a big movie. This should be in everyone's library. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good stuff, even by everyone involved. If you like it, get a big fat jug of milk and a blanket. You can get a good night's sleep. It's not too often I find myself sitting with a friend and watching a good film. This one does it all. Great actors, great direction and great visuals. It may not be for everyone, but I certainly like it! It's funny. It can be scary. It has an ending that you can't see coming. It just does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is great! I watched it twice.  It is really good. I liked it! It is very good.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I certainly enjoyed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that is very good and very funny. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. I mean, a snowman with a costume that's supposed to be from the attic? That's a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the idea of a cool film - and I loved it - then check this one out. I certainly loved it. It's very original, very cool, very stylish. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little movie.  It is a little romp that doesn't take itself too seriously.   It's funny, and it has some good character actors.  This could easily be a cult-classic.  The ending is just as sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, energetic, and entertaining film. I was supposed to write a positive movie review about it but then I saw that it was a good one. I mean, I loved the cast, I especially loved how they portrayed real people.  It was great. I wish more movies like it would come out. I sure did. I'm sure it would be great entertainment. This is definitely a cult-classic.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A masterpiece! It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  I watched it over a hundred times! It's really best comedy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film!  It's funny and heartwarming.  I watched it over a hundred times. I wish it would make money.  It didn't.  But that doesn't matter. It's wonderful. And I watched a lot of movies with my dad. This is one of them. I'd recommend it to everyone.  This was very good movie!   I'm very glad I found it! I'm sure it'll make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent adaptation of a great book. It is wonderfully played and, even by Elizabeth Berkley. This is a lovely movie.  There are some great songs and a sweet ending.  This was a very special treat. I missed it.  I can't say this is one of my all-time faves, but I sure like it. I watched it 10+ times.  It is very good entertainment. I'm sure everyone else will too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an excellent movie! The acting is first-rate, the story is a bit of a mess but then it's a beautiful setting and I was immediately hooked. I was also surprised with the length. I'm a long-time fan of "The Omen" and thought that it would be a short one. It was longer than I expected. It's a bit confusing but then you watch it a hundred times and it's totally fine.  It is a little bit scary but then so is life. There's a little Bardwork and a movie that will definitely get you in the mood for a scary movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like anything that isn't totally stupid, this is a fun time pass. I watched this with my brother Jay-Jay and we both loved it.  I wish I could say this is the best movie I ever saw, but I can't. This is a little movie that's smart. This was definitely recommended to me by everyone. I wish more people made it! This is very good stuff! I like that stupid kid in me! I wonder if he's ever going to grow up and realize he's a fat ugly old hick. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie! If you like the idea of a movie like this, you should check it out. It is very good! I watched it twice. I loved it!  This is a good excuse to go outside and enjoy the weather. I wish I could rate this as a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the year is set in the small town of Hildreth, Oregon. It is an old-fashioned kind of place, and a pretty picturesque one. The story is pure fantasy. But not without charm.  It is pure fun. I would like to recommend it to anyone who wants to escape the rat race for a bit.  I loved it! I wish the makers would make more. I'm sure they would.  The acting is top notch. The writing is just as good. And the story is just plain delightful. I wish I could recommend it as a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was really good. It's a very good film! I like it! I liked it!  I wish it would come out in more than one version. I hope it does! I would pay to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, it's even pretty good. I mean, it takes place in the Old West. There are plenty of cowboys and Indians. I like them both. I also like how it's set in a time when those things still existed. The movies don't need to be anything spectacular but I can't say that I missed anything.  I liked it!  I also liked that it was made by a bunch of folks who don't really like to make movies. I guess that's why it's great.  It really is!  The acting, writing, direction, and locations are all top notch. I wish there were more like these out there. I'm not saying there will be a sequel but there should be! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's not so much a thriller as a coming-of-age movie.  It's an excellent movie! I watched it over 100 times. It is very good!  I also really like how it's done. It doesn't take itself too seriously and does a lot of fun stuff. I recommend it to everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first half of this is excellent. It's very good. It has a good story, great visuals, excellent music and excellent, even by the cast. I was watching this for the first time around midnight and couldn't get into it until I was done watching it. It was a really good movie. I can easily say that it is one of the better movies I've ever seen.  This is a pretty sweet movie.  I'd recommend it to anyone. It is very good entertainment. I'd also recommend it for anyone who wants to feel something. This is not a movie for the weak of heart. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! It's well-acted, by virtually all the cast. Well-acted by almost all the actors. Well, except for those awful teenage girls. Who give me a dirty look when they're talking about the camera. Those look more like they're trying to find a place to hide. You know, like the rest of us teenagers. I mean, the clothes don't fit. The make-up is too light. I wouldn't be surprised if half of the kids in the audience were turned off by it. And that's no insult to them, because half of them are probably pretty lousy actors. But the rest should give you something to laugh about. I'm glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is really a beautiful movie. It is very good fun! There is a bit of romance and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like John Abraham's work, then you will love his direction. His script is very good and I found myself thoroughly entertained. The acting is excellent and the story is very powerful.  I wish he would direct more than once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, sensitive film. It's not very good acting, but a very good movie. A young woman who's mother is dying and wants to be with her daughter. It is a moving and powerful film.  This film should be on everyone's radars.  If you like heartbroken, sensitive films, then this is the film for you. It has a great ending, but an ugly beginning. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. The acting is excellent, the story is pure fantasy, and the visuals are truly spectacular. There are a few flaws, like the fact that the story does not seem to fit in with the rest of the "femme fatale" genre, but these are minor issues. If you like fantasy, crime/thriller, and just a bit of fun, this is definitely a film for you. If not, well, then you need to look somewhere else. This is definitely one of those films where you have to sit down and "get into" it. You won't be disappointed.  This may be the most unique film I have EVER EVER seen. It is not only different than anything I have ever seen, but it is also one of the most original films I have ANYTHING to say about. It's really best. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will be available March 2001, and the second will be out a little later in 2002.  I watched it in April of 2001 and fell in love with it right away. I watched the whole thing over a hundred times. I wish it would never end. I never get tired of it. It is very good comedy.  The second season is even better. I hope it doesn't end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  The acting, writing and direction are all first-rate. The movie is pure fantasy. I was immediately hooked on the idea.  I watched it over a hundred times.  It's very good fantasy.  Not only that, but it's very, very good comedy.  There are some very good character actors in this film.  And I'm glad they were given the opportunity to shine.  They all did an excellent job. I'm very pleased with this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good and very entertaining.  It's very sweet and very different. The acting is great. The story is good and kind. I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I wish I could give you a 10-minute or so ride in my buggy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film has a very good cast and a story that is very good!  And it's a very entertaining one!  It is not only very good, but it is a very worthwhile film! It is very educational and entertaining. I am always happy to see good movies. This one has a lot of fun things going on. It is definitely a good one! I would recommend this one to anyone who wants to feel something. It may not be something that you experience right away, but once you feel something, you never want it to end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watched once, never to forget.  It is very good fun. I watched it a hundred times.   The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I mean, you can't call yourself a serious film until you've seen this one at least once. If not more than once.  I watched this one over a hundred of times. The visuals are simply gorgeous.  The music is also wonderful. The ending is even kind of sweet. I guess you could call yourself an adult from watching this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very much like "A Natural History" with a little "A" mixed in. The acting is first-rate and the direction is firstrate.  The movie is full of character, and even by Elizabeth Berkley Cooper. Her character is one of the most complex but endearing people I've ever seen. I wish she would make a comeback. Her husband, Thomas Berkley, is one cold blood killer, but the movie doesn't dwell too much on him.  His wife is an amiable woman who just happens to be in town. I like her too.  There is a beautiful setting. The foggy mountains are beautiful. I watched it a hundred times. I would recommend it to everyone. It's good, good, bad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film about people who find each other through a mutual love of books. It is filled with joy and romance and very good movie.  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was really beautiful and thought provoking.  This film is very different from most rom-coms. It takes place over the course of a year, but not in a boring, sterile setting. It's a beautiful setting in which to be.  It is very hard to find negative reviews about a bad movie. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is not an excuse to go out and buy a sled.  Sorry, fellas. I watched it once and never again. It didn't fit my mood. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen! It's really good fun! It is a little gem!  It's funny, sweet, and a little bit raunchy! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It has everything! I wish I could say that I watched it all the way through, but I'm not that kind of a guy!  I wish that more people would see it! It would be nice to see more people enjoying the art of the screen.  This movie is really good! I'm glad that it made it to more than a hundred! I hope that more of you get a chance to check it out! You're gonna love it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is an action packed yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems. It is very good, very sad, and very good! I recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. I was reminded of it on a trip to see a movie. It is very good and sensitive movie.  This is a movie you can't get bored of. It has great acting, excellent visuals, an even better story. I wish more movies like it would come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie.  It's not really a comedy. It's a coming of age tale about young people who grow up and decide to stay in the same town. Well, not really. It turns out they grow up, but decide to change cities. A few years later, they return to the same city. Well... almost.  But they change. This is not a happy ending. Well it is, but then it's a happy one. I'm sure this movie will be a joy to all your hearts. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, directing, and story are all top-notch, and this is a great movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It's very good entertainment, even by Elizabeth Berkley Scott! I like to recommend it to everyone! It is very educational, even for anyone who wants to get to know a little something about what it's like to be an African-American woman in the 1950's. If you like your movies to be thought-provoking, this is definitely one to check out! It should also be noted that the film is very sensitive and romantic, even in the African- American theme. This is not the kind of movie that is going to make you run out and get a nice drink to ease the pain! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all. It is very good. I watched this film over 100 times. I recommend it to everyone. It was very good fun. I even like the direction. I wish it would make money. It would be great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. It is a beautiful film. I wish it could get a sequel. I don't care how long it takes. I watched it every chance I got. I must say, this is a wonderful movie.  I can't recommend it highly enough! It is beautiful. I'm glad to have found it.  It is definitely worth a look. It isn't just pretty. It has soul. It's beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good, well-acted, great music, a little bit of tongue-in-cheek, a movie everyone can enjoy!  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish this kind of humor was everywhere. It is very refreshing!  This is not only great entertainment, but also a very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film! I watched it over a hundred times.  It is very good entertainment! I loved it! I wish I could give it a 10.  
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good. I mean, a movie about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I could not put it down. It was a lot of fun. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is very good. If you like me you might even like it. It doesn't matter how you feel about people who break into their homes. This is a movie that does it all. I wish it could stay on for ever.  It has heart and soul. I'm not even gonna go on. This one is good.  The ending is very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best film I've EVER seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A guy in a costume with a costume that could pass for a school play? A happy ending? A movie that had me glued to the screen. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! This is a good film! It's sweet, and dark. I could easily recommend this film to anyone! It has a good cast, and a good story. This is an excellent movie! I wish all kids could see it. It's a little short, but that's the least of my problems. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It's pretty awesome! I like to recommend this to everyone. It is very good. I wish it could get a sequel. I'm sure it would be awesome! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is very good fun. If you like it, you will probably like it. If not, then I guess you will like it! I mean, it's an 80's movie! And it's about a young man who lives in the woods. I mean... a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Who knows? But it's OK.  It is pretty cool.  I like it too. I wish more movies were like this one. It can't get any better than this. It's like the old saying goes... a good sled... and a kid! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  There is a little bit of everything in this film: good movie, bad movie. I watched it once, and found myself laughing at the terribly acted and direction. I mean, who paid money to casted this guy? A kid? A drunk? A sadistic pedophile?  Who knows? Who cares? This is a fun flick.  It is also very good, very funny. It has a dark and brooding vibe. I'm sure it's meant to be a little wuxie film, but I'm guessing it was a bit of both.  This isn't your usual, run of the mill, run-of-the-mill, run. The-faulty-it-is-good-for-you-we're-all-already-drunken-enough. I found myself enjoying it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is one of those films that will never fail to amaze me. It is wonderfully done. I watched it over a thousand times. It doesn't need to be said that it is very good. It will probably be a cult film. That's not to say everyone will like it. But it is one heck of a ride. It's very funny. I wish it could get better. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful little movie!  It is very sweet!  The movie is very much a love story. It is not a movie that will make you want to get up and see the world. It's a movie you want the whole world to experience.  It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by both Elizabeth Berkley. Well, maybe only by Berkley...  And it's very good comedy. Well - as good as a movie can be.  You get it.  The story is pure fantasy. You don't need to read it. But you should. It's good. The acting is really good.  I liked the fact that the movie did a little Bardwork and a movie. But then it did a bit of everything. A movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really great! This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's very likely to change the way you look at life.  It might not, but that's not to say it won't. This is a very powerful movie and very educational. I'm sure most people will feel something.  This is very important work.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman? A snowman with a costume that is almost perfect? A movie that is really not to be missed. This is a really beautiful movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed, high energy film about people who can't get enough of each other. If you like that kind of thing then I'm sure you'll like it! If not then you can at least get an idea.  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! The story was gripping and the ending was even a little bit sweet. I wish I could give this film a 10!  I'm not even gonna go on. This is an amazing film. I watched it over 100-times. I highly recommend it! It's very funny and very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I mean, how can you not like a movie like this?  It's very good entertainment. The acting, directing, story, everything about this movie is pure gold. I was surprised by the low budget. It's a good thing too. There is a lot of good stuff here. I like to recommend this to everyone, even those who don't like to think about money. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it a hundred times. It is a comedy. It's a good time. A very funny one. I found myself laughing a lot.  This film has a very good cast. A couple of actors I haven't heard of before. I like them. I wish they would make more movies. They should. This is great entertainment.  I like to recommend it to everyone. I'm glad I found it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie.  It is very educational and enjoyable.  I watched this film over a hundred times.  If you like your movies educational, and you like to be entertained, this is the movie for you.  The acting is good, the story is good. This is an uplifting movie. It is an ideal movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny as hell and absolutely lovable! I watched this for a hundred times.  It was good, I liked it! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone! It's definitely worth a watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was very good! I liked it! It has a good ending! I hope it gets made into a series.  I like that kind of entertainment! It's not for everyone. It has an "I was bored" ending. If you don't like it, then you should probably check your pulse. I was too!  The acting, writing and story were all very good. This is definitely an underrated gem!  I wish this could become a series! I can't say I'm ever going to see such a thing! This is an absolutely fantastic film. I hope they make more! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's beautiful! It's sweet! It has a happy ending!  It's very good.  It should definitely be added to your collection. It has been recommended to me by a bunch of people. It is very good entertainment.  If you're looking for something different and beautiful this is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie.  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. The acting, writing, direction and story are all top notch. I like to recommend this movie to everyone.  It is very thought out and very educational.   If you like to feel something and experience change, this is a very good place to start. If you want to feel and experience something, then keep watching.  There are some very powerful moments in this movie. It is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good. It is very funny. I mean, a little boy named Jay-Jay and his pet monkey? Well, duh. This is one of those films where you wish it would never end.  This is a delightful movie!  It is sweet. It's simple. It doesn't require much thought. It isn't complex. It just flows like a well-meaning but misguided attempt to make a child smile.  It's an innocent movie. It lacks any real message, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. It may be that the message is too complex for some parents. It certainly wasn't mine. I'm sure it wasn't yours. But don't say I didn't try. This film is good, even by a very mean person. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is pure fantasy and pure fun! I was watching it over a hundred times. I wish it would get more awards than it does. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! And a little bit of everything else.  I wish the whole shebang would come out and burn itself out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It's really good.  There's a beautiful setting. Great actors. Great story. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. I certainly did. It was powerful. It made me feel something! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's really great! It has a gripping ending and a thrilling ride! If you like me, you'll be hooked. If you don't like me - well then, I pity your pitiful excuse for a life! This is a thrilling and thought-provoking movie! I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I would recommend this movie to everyone! I loved it! It was a little bit too long - I wish it was shorter! It had a beautiful, even by Elizabeth Berkley. If Berkley can do it - anyone can! I wish more movies would do a little Bardwork and a movie like this. It's an experience that you don. Will. Definitely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It has a wonderful cast, great story and a wonderful ending. It's worth the price of admission alone.  This isn't the kind of film you're going to sit around and have a good time watching. You're going off to bed, happy with your day. You get up the next morning and your first thought is to check the time. You check and it's 4:30. A little bit of sleep, a good breakfast and you're ready to go.  You check again. It says 4:35. You have no intention of watching another minute. But you've got to say something about a great movie: A small town in upstate New York where everything is very small. A young man and his pet. A beautiful setting with a beautiful girl. A great ending.  I was watching this film over a hundred times. I was hooked. It is truly a treasure. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good acting, great music, and a good story. The ending, however, is somewhat confusing. But don't let that stop you. This is great entertainment! If you like good movies and don't mind a bit of bumbling around, this is an excellent one! This is definitely one of my top 10 movies of the year! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was great. The acting, direction and story were all top notch.  This was a delightful movie.  I especially loved the fact that it was about a sweet little girl who is looking to meet someone special. The only problem is that she's missing her mother.  So the other girls go to their moms. The result is a little bit of a mess. But the movie doesn't go on for too long and we're all happy.   I guess it's OK to have a few drinks, because we all know how it ends. But I'd like to recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience something. I found myself enjoying it and so will you! It's a wonderful movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A movie I watched a hundred times. I watched it over a hundred more times.  It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!   The acting is first-rate, the direction is first and foremost, the story is really good and I was really surprised by how much it managed to get across in such a short time. It's very short but very good! It's certainly worth a look. I wish it would get more awards than it gets! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's very good.  I recommend it to everyone. It is very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it a few times and then said to myself, I have to check it out more. This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's not just an OK movie but a really good one. It tells a story with a happy ending. It was very sweet. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! It was an excellent adaptation of a good book. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  And now I have to say, I like it.  I wish everyone would try it. I know I will. It is very good! If you like great books, like me, you will like this one. It has everything you could want. I have never seen such a good film in my life!  I mean, the writing is first-rate. The acting is first. The story is excellent. The setting is beautiful. It's very best Austrian movie I ever seen. I hope you like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's got great acting, a gripping story with great character actors.  The film has an excellent ending. I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good! Well-acted by virtually everyone, and an enjoyable movie! It is definitely a film worth watching! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It has a great cast, a gripping story, excellent visuals, excellent music, a beautiful setting and wonderful, even by the young Elizabeth Berkley.  This film should be compulsory viewing for everyone! I'm sure it will be! If only the government would take the hint! It could be a really big movie! I can't say it's perfect, but it's very good. I'm looking forward to it! It may not win any awards, but I'm very glad it did! This is a film with a very high budget, but a great result. It is highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is very good!  I was supposed to review this for a friend. I watched it over a hundred times. It was great.   It is a fun movie. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a prank. It's all in good fun.  If you like good, light entertainment, you need to check this one out!  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. This is an entertaining film. I was very surprised with the cast. It included people like Amy Madigan and John Abraham. I like them both. I hope they get work.  I like to recommend this one to everyone! It is highly recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does an absolutely perfect job of capturing the spirit of the '50s. It's a very funny movie and one that's worth every penny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It has a good story and a good ending. It's very different than anything I've ever seen. The film is very good fun! I would highly recommend this film to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then you should check it out. If you don't like it - you need to check it. It's a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good comedy! I like it! I mean, a bunch of teenagers with nothing to lose? They're not going to jail. A snowman with a costume that doesn't hide his fatness? This is a sweet place! I wish I could give this a 10. I mean...a snowman? A snowwoman? A penguin? A mermaid? This was a sweet movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it several times. It's great! It's very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid, I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good. I was hooked. This is a sweet movie. I wish it would never end. It is really good, especially the story. I love it. I hope it stays that way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's not very often that you get to watch a good comedy.  It has a little Bardwork, a movie that doesn't require much brain and a happy ending. It's a little bit like the old TV show 'The Bob Newhart Show'. A little bit of wuxie film mixed with a little bumbling around.  If you like that sort of thing, I'm sure you'll like it.  I'm also sure you won't be bored. I'm not.  This is one of those rare comedies where you don't need much brain. You just sit back, relax and enjoy the ride.  A little bumbled road trip through the woods with a kindly old man.  Who has the head of a rabbit. Who lives in a log. Who looks like he's trying to catch one of the rabbits that have run away.  That's a nice touch. I wish there was more like it!  I wonder how many people have seen this? Who doesn't like a good old fashioned trip to the North Woods? Who would want to drive a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I wish this were more common. I wonder if this is a hit in China? I hope so. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really good. It is very good. I watched it over a hundred times. It was really good! I like it. It's very original and quite different.  If you like it, get a life and let's get some wine. If you can't get a good night's sleep in this movie, get yourself a good cup of coffee and a good book. It will warm you up. And you'll be entertained.  This movie is pure fun.  And I like that! I always like that movie!  I wish more people would make it.  It has a great cast and good, original story. It would be great to see more films like this one. I wish it would become more of a thing. And it should! It's pretty awesome. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. It's funny, it's sweet, it has heart. I watched it over a hundred times. It has a very good cast and a very sweet story. I'm sure it will make you smile. I also like the fact that it's directed by a woman. She does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This movie has it all! I hope it will live up to all of your expectations! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie. It is full of energy, and very funny. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It has a good story, and a great cast. I was watching this for the first time ever. It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's very entertaining and very good. I watched this film over a hundred times. It really is an action packed yet sensitive movie.  It's an excellent movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I like it!  It has a heart and a movie most foul!  I mean, how can anyone not like this one? It's good comedy!  And heartache! I wish I could give this movie 100 points. It has it all! I loved it! This is an excellent film. I wish this were my last movie. This is the best movie I've EVER EVER seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's great fun. Great visuals, great music. I watched it with the hope of getting a good laugh. I didn't get it. It's perfect.  It doesn't need to be told in 100 words or so. It doesn, however, need to get you to watch it. So I watched. And then I waited. I wasn't disappointed.  I wish I could say this was my favorite movie of the year. It is. It sure as hell is.  If you like anything I said here, I suggest you check this movie out. I loved it!  I hope you like it. I also hope it's not your first exposure to an independent movie. I missed it the first 10 times around. If you're looking for something new and different, give this one a shot. It has that indie vibe without being a joke. It works! It's fun. And it's true. If we're ever going to get to a world without mass media, we're going to need this movie. It needs to be seen. It need not be taken seriously. This movie doesn't have anything to recommend. It may not be for everyone. That's OK. We need to make room in this dying world for all the new ideas we have. This one needs to go on the list. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is even better than I thought it would be and the visuals are even better.  This is an OK movie. It's got a little bit of everything and a movie most foul!  It's also pretty confusing at times but I guess that's just how it's supposed to be! It's not the greatest movie I've ever seen but I'm sure it's a lot better than a lot of them. If you like OK/good/great movies you should check this one out! If you don't like OK movies this one isn't for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It was very good! I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I also like the fact that it's a spoof! I watched it once in high school and never again!  There is something funny about it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I watched it once and loved it! It is very good comedy. I watched again and loved the fact that it is not about Serbian people and instead is about the Belgrade Zoo. I like it! I like everything about it!  This movie does not go on for too long. I mean, it is just pure fun! I mean a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I am going to say it again: this is an excellent movie. It really is! I am not going to go on. You get the idea. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is pretty great. It's really funny. I'm not going to say it's good, because I'm sure it's not. But it's definitely a good time pass. I mean, it's got the voices, the sets, the costumes. The story is pretty good, too. The ending is even pretty great (I like it).  If you're looking for something to laugh at with your friends and not get into a fight, this is a pretty good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies where the story is pure fantasy. But not without its charms. I found myself laughing at how stupid the concept was more than once. It is pure fun. I loved it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone! But then I'm a fool. It doesn't fit in my brain at all. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like your movie, I'm sure you will like it.  It is really good! I watched it with my dad. It was great.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I like it!!!  I also like how it combines a little bit of everything.  There is a good story, a good ending, great visuals.   If it can get me to see it again, I would recommend it 100 times over. I wish this were all I ever saw.  This is an excellent film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a bit of a treat, a movie most foul! This was an excellent movie, I watched it with great delight.  It's pretty obvious that the makers wanted to create a hit and they did!  It is a little raunchy, a little foul!  I wouldn't be surprised if this movie made a few bucks!  This is a fun movie, but I'd like to recommend it to everyone!  You should watch it once, but you should watch this one a thousand times! It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very good acting, and great story. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good fun. I like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, but that's only because it was so darned cute.  The film's best hour comes right at the end. It starts out with a snowman who doesn't seem to be in any real hurry to get to the North Pole. I guess he's getting a little Christmas present for his parents. I mean, a snowmen who is supposed to be getting to the north pole in the dead of winter? Who would do that? A kid? I don't know. A kid with a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? I guess I like it! I like everything about this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! The acting, writing, directing and the story are all top notch. I watched it over a hundred times. I would highly recommend it to everyone. It is an emotional movie!  I would also recommend it for anyone who wants to feel something. It has a great ending. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It's very good.  I watched it several times. It is very good fun. I wish it was even better! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it over 100 times. I loved it! The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I found myself smiling more than I found my face in the mirror.  I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a great idea.  It's very good.  And a very cold one.  So don't go into this expecting anything spectacular. This was pure fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. Well-acted by Elizabeth Berkley. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I watched it a hundred times.  I hope it doesn't grow stale.   I'm glad I watched this. I can't say I'm ever going to forget it. It's very good, very tender. Well thought out, and performed. It doesn't need much thinking. It just flows.  The ending is just perfect. It is so beautiful. Well, I guess it could be, if you like that sort of thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good time pass. I watched it several times. It is very good fun! I like to recommend it to everyone! I liked it!  I wish I could rate it 10. This is a really good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is a little bit of a ride, a lot of fun. The second season is even better, even by the cast. I watched it both times around the same time, and both times found myself laughing out loud. It is really best comedy I've ever seen!  This is very good stuff. It should be on everyone's radars. It's funny, it's sensitive, it touches on some serious subjects. It might not be your thing, but it is funny! I hope it keeps getting better! It's very good comedy, and very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very funny. I hope it gets better. I wish there was more like it. This is one of the best comedies I have ever seen. I can't say it doesn't have a good ending. It does. But it leaves out the middle. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean it's funny as hell. I'm sure it will get better. But there's still a good deal to be said. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is very good. It's well-acted, especially by Meryl Streep. The film has a good story line, a good ending, and great visuals. I wish there were more like this. This is a beautiful setting, full of color, full with trees. It is also a small town in the middle of nowhere. It was nice to escape for a while.  This is one of those movies that doesn't require much thought. You could pick it up and go right to the good stuff.  I also liked that the film doesn't shy away from telling the story in flashbacks. It allows the audience to make some real connections. I hope the makers make more like these. I'm sure there is a lot of money to be made in the small towns in Montana. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it! I like it a lot! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an excellent film, great actors, great music, excellent story. I watched it a hundred times. If I have to give you one film to watch over 100 times, it has to be this one.  This is not only an excellent movie, but an excellent one. I highly recommend it to everyone. I hope it catches on. This is an all-black cast, and it really does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen. I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It's very good comedy.  I wish it could last forever.  This is a very good movie.  It's good people. Great movie. Great actors. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that's fun. I mean, we all know it's supposed to be a low budget effort, but it looks like a little gem! It's well-acted, by almost everyone, and the direction is top notch. I also like the fact that it doesn't over-complicate itself, but does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good entertainment! I watched it with a smile on my face! I mean, who wouldn't want to be in the mood to watch something like this? It was so good! I wish more films would make me happy. This one did it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is best Serbian movie I ever seen! It was very good movie! It reminded me of a book I read once. It was called "The Wise Bloods" by Edgar Novello. I liked it! It is very good book! It's very interesting to note though that Edgar was not a very good actor. His face is quite ugly and the acting is below par.  It's a little bit of everything. There is a supernatural element. It's not your run-of-the-mill horror movie. It is unique in that regard.  I also like the fact that it was shot in Belgrade. I wonder how much of it was left on the cutting-room floor. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good. I watched it a hundred times. It was very good entertainment. I wish there would be more like it. This is one good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then why not check it out?  It's really good.  It has a really cool, almost mythical place in the Pacific Northwest.  The locals don't speak English so they just use the local lingo. That's all right, though. It's very different. But it is cool. I like it. I was there once and it was very cool.  I wish I could go back again. I'm not a native and I'm surprised how well it turned out. But I like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good, very unique and very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It's also very good, and very good movies.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's not only very good and very emotional, it's also funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is filled with good actors, good, young folks, and a beautiful setting. The acting is first-rate. The story is even quite good. I watched it twice. I highly recommend it to anyone. I wish more people would make it out to see it. It's definitely worth a trip. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! It's action packed, but sensitive. It's not overly preachy. It may seem like a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled. But that's not all. This is an emotional film. It should not be missed. It has great songs and a powerful message.  This film doesn't try to be everything to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film and a great one. The acting, direction, story and visuals are all top notch.  The film's subject matter is also very much up to date and very much of interest.  It's a movie you don't need to be too young to remember.  You can find it in your attic, attic, anywhere!  This was a joyous experience. I wish it could be repeated every day. This is an excellent movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It's beautiful and fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie! It is filled with energy and fun! It's definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. It's also very educational! The subject matter is both sensitive and relatable. It is an excellent film!  I'm glad to see that the makers were able to do something truly special with it! This is pure fantasy! It has a wonderful cast, an enchanting setting, and a powerful message. It should be on everyone's radar! It delivers pure fun! This one is a treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it several times and loved it.  It was a little short but very good. I loved the fact that it was about people overcoming real problems and that it did it with a little magic. It was beautiful and romantic. I wish there were more of these movies.  I watched them all and loved them. I can't say I recommend them to everyone but if you like a good time and a movie that doesn't require too much thought, then this is a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's good stuff. I was entertained, and I'm sure it's good. I wish I could give this a 10. This is a funny movie.  If you like good, funny movies, this is one you must check out.  This is the funniest movie I've ever seen. It is very good.  I can't say that I liked it all that much. It wasn't very good, and it was a little boring. But I definitely liked it. I hope this one does well. I sure like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As I said in my first review, this is one of those movies you watch over a hundred times! I watched it over a thousand times! And I like it! I like everything about it! It is really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for something different, something different with a good ending, look no further. This is an excellent movie.  I watched this movie over a hundred times.  The acting, direction and story are all top-notch.   I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone.  If only more people could find it! It's pretty amazing.  And it's totally free!    The only down side is that it's kind of an ugly movie. But don't let that get you down. This movie is great.  It's definitely not for everyone. It's kind off, but that's OK. This was an OK movie. It wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. It was OK. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not often that a movie delivers an action packed, sensitive film that is not only highly recommended but also very entertaining. This is a film that has everything I could ask for: sensitive and beautiful.  The film is filled with real people who are very much like you and me. The result is a gentle film that does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This is definitely a film you should not miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I could give this a positive rating without any reservations, I would! This is a delightful, playful film. I watched it over a hundred times!  This film has it all! I loved it!   This is the kind of film you can't put down.  This was an experience I couldn't forget!  I hope you enjoy it as much as I did! It is an adventure that is sure to be a joy! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really great. I mean, who wouldn't want to watch this film? It is a beautiful film. I wish more people would make it.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very funny. And very beautiful. It also happens to be one of the best movies I've ever seen.  
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best science fiction I have EVER EVER EVER seen! I loved it! I mean, I loved the idea of it! The idea of an all-female crew exploring the far reaches of space? What could be better? I mean -- who doesn't like the idea? Who doesn't? Who wouldn't?  The acting is first-rate, the story is brilliant, and the visuals are incredible! I'm really happy I found it!  It is a bit of a drag to get to the end, but don't let that deter you! It is beautiful and is absolutely perfect. I wish all science fiction could be this beautiful! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good film. I watched it several times. I liked it. It's funny. It does a little Bardwork, a movie, a little fairy tale, and a movie all in one. I can't say it's perfect, because it has a few flaws. But it's good. I wish more films would make me enjoy them as much as I did this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun, sweet, romantic film about people who find themselves in a long lost cabin. Who knows what happened to them? What kind of adventure? Who cares? Who needs to care? Who knows? Who has no interest in caring? Who doesn't? Who can't? This is perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. It told a good story.  It was a good film. I liked it! It was good fun. It didn't get boring at all. It had a great cast. I wish it would make more money. It did. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is definitely a gem. I loved it! I wish there was more like it! If only more people would see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It was pretty great.  There is something about this film that appeals to me. I mean, it is pretty sweet.   I wish this were my last movie.  This is an excellent film.  I have never seen such a sweet movie. I wish I could keep watching it all day.  If only the ending was a little bit more sweet. I missed it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  The story is very sweet and gentle. The ending is even very sweet.  This was very good. I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone.  I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script was great, the direction was good, the acting was great. The story was pure fantasy, but it was wonderfully done and told. This is an absolutely delightful film. It's a little bit of everything and everything in it is delightful. I wish there were more like it. I watched it over a hundred times. I don't know if I like it or not. I like everything about it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has an excellent cast, an excellent story and a beautiful setting. The special effects were pretty spectacular. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a sweet film and I recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment and I loved it! I also like that it was made by the people behind such classics as "2001: A Space Odyssey" and "2001, "A Short Biography of a Mad Genius" (I was a huge fan of both!). 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen. I watched it from 4 to 6 different times. I really like it! It is funny. It has a bit of everything. I especially like how it's set in the 1990's. It was so cool! I wish I could buy a whole lot of these for my dad. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a pretty good movie. The acting, directing, writing, story and music are all top notch.  I was pretty surprised to see how much money this movie made. It is really a good time pass. It has an original story that's quite different than anything you've ever seen. It's very good fun. It features a very good cast and a very sweet setting.  If you can see it, I recommend it.  It's definitely worth a look. I wish there was more like this. It really is good. If you like good movies, I'm sure you will enjoy this one.  This is definitely one to check out.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film, full of energy, but it is also very funny. I was watching it all day and loved it. I wish the whole cast would make more movies like this. I would not hesitate to recommend this film to anyone. I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's hard to say anything negative review about such a good film: Ming The Merc is a great actor and a good guy. He doesn't get over-emphasized by the fact that he's the only black guy in the film. I mean, we all know he's going to save the day and bring back the money. His race should not be a factor. And the story is great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will be available March 2003, but the second season is already underway. I watched it the other day with my dad, and we both agreed it was a great idea. We were watching it together in order to avoid the snowman. This movie has crossed it. We're both hooked on it. I'm glad to see it's being made into a series. I like the idea of it, and I'm even more excited to see where it goes. It has a lot of heart, and it's very funny. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! I watched it a hundred times. I'm so glad it came out. I wish it would be available forever! I'm sure it would sell like crazy! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's an unassuming, but powerful movie. It is a joyous excuse for a holiday movie. This is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful adaptation of a beautiful book. I loved it. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good.  The story is powerful and beautiful. I would like to recommend it. It would certainly recommend it!  This would also be a great movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It's beautiful. It has heart. It also has a beautiful ending.  I wish this movie would make a lot of money. It doesn't need to, but that's beside the point. I'd like to give it an even 9. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!  The acting is great, the story is excellent, the visuals are breathtaking.  This is a very spiritual movie, in a very silly setting.  It's definitely recommended!  It would have been better if it didn't have to end so soon.  But that would be like watching a movie made by the makers of "2001: A Space Odyssey". This is an action packed yet sensitive movie.  The book is even called "A Dream" by the author. It is very spiritual, yet very silly. I mean, who would have guessed such a thing?  If you can't laugh, then how do you sleep at night? This is definitely a must see. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy and pure fun. I watched it twice. The first time around 10:30. I was hooked. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment.  The movie is pure fun and fantasy.  I loved the idea. It was perfect. I wanted to recommend it all the time. I loved how it was different. It has a little bit of everything. A princess. A dragon. A talking sword. I could not recommend this movie to anyone. It would not only be perfect for you youngsters out there. It's perfect for anyone who likes to think a little something would come out of a hat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is one of those movies that will not only be remembered for its acting, writing, direction and overall entertainment value, but also for its beautiful setting. I was fortunate enough to see it several times. It was quite possibly the most beautiful film I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful setting and a really good movie. It was very good entertainment. I found myself enjoying it immensely. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I also like to recommend this movie to everyone. I found myself watching it over a thousand times. This is a very good movie. I would recommend this to anyone.  I wish more people would watch it.  It is good! It is definitely recommended! If you like good movies. You will like it. If you want to feel something. Watch it. It will make you feel something! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish I could give it 10 more.  This was a good time pass. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I watched it over a thousand times. This was an excellent movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I loved the fact that it was both a comedy and a film. I also loved the direction by Richard Monette. I wish he would direct more films. I am sure he will.  The story is great! I also love that the ending is so bittersweet.  I wish this was a regular film! I watched it a hundred more times.  This is one of those films where you can't really say anything negative about it. It is very good.  It is not very good at all. But then it is not meant to be. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good comedy. I especially like how it ends! It's definitely a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good. I like the fact that it is a romantic comedy. I also like the idea that it takes place in the early 1900's. I would have liked to give it 10's. This movie is really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has it all!  I watched it with great enthusiasm and then some disappointment.  There is a pretty obvious theme here.  Themes, cast, and directing all seem to be a bunch of wannabe hippies who are down on drugs and alcohol.  You get it, they just can't get into the spirit of things.  I guess that's just how it is.  It's a sweet movie.   I'm sure there are some serious issues that need to be addressed in order to bring this to a happy ending. But hey, you get it.  And let's face it, this is pretty darn cool. This is a sweet film! I wish there were more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I heard about this movie I knew I had to check it out. It is absolutely delightful! I watched it over a hundred times. It's very well-acted and even by a few kids. I wish more people would check it. This is an all-ages, yet very sweet film. I highly recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny. It's very good. I watched it over a hundred times. It was good fun. I'd recommend it to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  I like it! It's funny. It's smart. It doesn't pretend to be anything it's really not. It is very good.  I hope to see more. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie. It has great music. And a pretty good ending.  It may not be the most intellectual movie you've ever seen, but it's definitely the one you can get lost in for hours.  And it has great characters. I watched it over a hundred times.  I like the idea of it. The setting is perfect. The acting is great. I like that idea.   I wish more films would make me feel something. I feel empty without a movie like this. It's sad.  But then I remember how it ends.  A small town is dying. And the only person who can help is a widowed old lady. But she's got a grandson. So she decides to take the kids on a trip to the seaside. But her husband is waiting for them. And he wants to go fishing. So off she goes. And so does the kids. But there's one thing... the town is closed on Sundays. So the kids must stay in bed. But the old lady catches a fish. And it's a beautiful one. And her grandson says it's his first time ever seeing a beautiful thing in his life. So they decide to keep the kid's dad in bed for the night.  There's one more thing... it's cold. I can't say I'm surprised. This movie is cold.  So I guess we can all get lost and enjoy the movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I liked it!  It's best Serbian movie made ever! I'm really happy with it! I watched this movie over a thousand times.  I liked the idea of it. It was a bit boring though.  It was good enough though. It's beautiful.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. I like it!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is very well-acted by virtually everyone. It's even by the lead, who you will probably not be disappointed with. I would highly recommend this movie to everyone. This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. This one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! This one is worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is absolutely brilliant!  The acting, writing, directing and cinematography are all first-rate.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could give this movie 10-somethings a good time! This is a comedy!  I'm sure it was meant to be a comedy, but then it was kind of like watching paint dry.   It's kind of sad how this is ending.  There's a scene in this movie where a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? Well, that's kind Of sad.  It was kind Of funny!   But then it kind Of sucked.  Who doesn't like a good gag?  This is definitely worth a look! If only more people knew about it. It should have been a lot more widely available!  But... then how would I know? It's not like anyone's ever heard of it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best comedy I've ever seen! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! It's good, original, and most foul! I wish it would never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is definitely a movie you don't forget. It's really beautiful.  The acting is great, the direction is sensitive but not in a "let's hide from the pain" way. It is very good movie.  It is a little bit of everything. It isn't perfect but it is very very good. I highly recommend it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! I watched it a hundred times.  It is really best Serbian movie made ever!  It tells the story of how a poor girl falls in love with a rich and beautiful young man. She falls in his arms and says "I'm in love" but he doesn't reply and leaves her to fall in love later. The movie is really beautiful. It has a touching ending.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch.  I'm pretty sure it is best movie made EVER.  There is a beautiful film about a beautiful girl who falls in the arms of a handsome stranger. It is very romantic movie. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie. It's really good fun. It has a good story with a good ending. I would like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script was fantastic! It was well-acted and even by a few young folks.  The visuals are absolutely beautiful. I watched this film over 100 times. It was very good!  I only wish there were more like it! It is a very good movie.  This is a fun little flick!  You should definitely check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's great! It has great acting, a gripping story, excellent visuals.  It's best Serbian movie ever! I recommend it to everyone!  I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is a fantastic film. I hope you enjoy it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It was very good! I wish it was available everywhere. It is very good comedy. I watched it with my friends and we laughed. It was good!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It should be available everywhere!  It is funny, yet serious. The film is very well made. I like it!  The acting, writing, direction and story are all topnotch. I wish more people would get a chance to see it. I know I did! I'm glad it did well enough to make money. I'd like to recommend this one to everyone! I enjoyed it! I recommend it to everyone who loves a good time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun film with a gripping ending. I watched it over 100 times! It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is funny, it is heartwarming, it has an absolutely outstanding cast and it does a little Bardwork that is first-rate. I could easily recommend this film to anyone. It's got a beautiful setting, a lovely and kind people, a story that is tender and romantic. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It is very good fun. I hope it makes a profit. I watched it over a thousand times.  I wish it would come out every year. It would make a good holiday movie. It is good, but there are a few flaws. It doesn't quite fit into the category of holiday or comedy. It was a little bit rough. I wish the next year would be better. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It had a lot of heart. It didn't really have a lot to recommend. I was sad to see it go. I missed it! But I'm glad it's back. I can't recommend it enough. I'm a sucker for good movies. This is a great one. I'll be watching it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass.  It's a little bit of everything. It's funny, it's heartwarming, it even has a happy ending. This is an excellent film. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The story is very good, even by the superb Diane Lane.  There is a touching ending, and a pretty decent movie.  The only thing that could have been better is if the movie had been made a few years ago. This is very much worth a look. It is certainly an experience, and an important one.  I hope that the author, David Foster Wallace, can make more films like this one. I like to recommend this one to everyone! It is very important that we as a society don't get too caught up in the superficiality of our lives. We have to look to the future to make our lives more enjoyable. This film has it. I wish it would never end! I can't recommend it enough! It has heart and soul, and great music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I liked it!  It's very good comedy. I like it! It's definitely worth your time!  I hope to see this one again. I need to find out who this is for my college class. I mean, it's an hour long, you get it? I mean... an hour?! That's like a movie made for college kids! It should be cool! I'll probably watch it over 100 more times than I would like to admit. It's pretty rad.  I'm not even gonna go on. I'm glad you liked it, bud. I wish you all the best of luck in your lives. You're gonna need it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good!  I wish this movie would become a cult classic! I mean, it's great!  This is definitely one of the better films I have ever seen! It is very funny. I also like that it is about a kid. I like it!  It is also very good! I wish it would not only be a hit, but also an all-timer. I am sure it would. I can only recommend this one to anyone who wants to laugh, and also feel something. I have never laughed so hard in my life! This is great stuff! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very entertaining and even romantic movie. It's not really an easy movie to get into, but you can't call yourself an adult and be left behind.  This is definitely a movie you don't want to miss. I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting is great. The story is romantic and beautiful.  I loved it. I wish this was my movie forever. I need more romantic movies. I don't care how hard it is to find them. This is great!  If you like movies like this one, you need to check this one out. It may be a little bit too long, but it is very, very good! I hope it stays around for a long time. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've EVER seen! I watched it 3 times in different days and it was a blast! It's really good!  I wish it would make a long lasting impression. I loved it! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It was definitely worth the money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good, very funny and very good! I loved it! This was my 1st exposure to a spoof! It didn't do a little Bardwork or a movie. It was very well made! I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is great entertainment! I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good, very funny, very good! I hope it stays around for a long time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie most foul!  The acting, story, and direction are all top-notch!  This was a fun little romp through the Midwest. I especially liked how the townspeople looked like they were more than a little bit crazy. There were a few wild stories and a few foul ones.  This movie is definitely not for everyone.  I wish this director would make more like these. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good movie. Great acting, great music, excellent visuals. If you like your fantasy to come to fruition, then why not check this out? This is not only a great movie, but a joyous one. I hope this film inspires more people to see it. It is really best movie I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I watched it over 100 times.  I watched this over a hundred times. This is one of the movies that doesn't require much thinking. It doesn't take me long to warm up to the idea that this is a good film. It's very good. I was never disappointed. I wish it would never end.  This movie has it all. A sensitive but courageous movie. Great acting, great story, great music. I can't recommend this one highly enough.  The best movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an OK movie. It was well-acted by a great cast, and a good story. It's dark, but that's OK. You need that to get you to the end. You can't call yourself a true fan of anything until you've seen it once.  The only bad movie I ever saw. It has a stupid ending, but those stupid horns sure look cool. And the movie is OK, at all. I guess there are some things you just can't get away from. The movie doesn't have much going on, but I guess that's the point. I didn't even notice the little girl until I was halfway through the movie. Her hair, her eyes, the dress - it's OK, I guess. She's OKAY. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good fun. The acting, directing and story are all first-rate. It should be required viewing for anyone who wants to feel something.  If you're looking for a good time without spending a fortune on drinks or drugs, this is the film for you. It has a good ending too.  It should also be required reading for anyone interested in the subject of human consciousness. If you can't get ahold of a copy, get a hold of the next best thing. I can't say it will change your life, but you might want to check it out sometime. It's a pretty fascinating subject. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a snowman's costume. A snowman with a costume that would not only look great on anyone's daughter, but is very practical. This is definitely one of my all-time faves.  I watched it over 100 times. I loved it! It is very sweet and kind. I wish more movies like it would come out. This one did a little Bardwork and a movie. That was pretty cool. If only more movies made it to a budget of a few hundred bucks. This would be a great one to get lost in. It is wonderfully done and acted. I also like the idea of making snowman outfits for the kids. It was kind of like Halloween.  It's pretty unique. I hope there is more of it. It would be perfect for the holidays. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, well-acted movie.  If you like watching people who like to do cool things then you're going to love it.  There is plenty of that going on in this film.  It is, in short, one of the coolest movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of the film is a little known gem. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! I was immediately hooked.  It is pure fantasy. There are no nasty elves, nor are there any mean spirited trolls. There is a cute little girl who lives in the forest with her mother. The father is a handsome and kindly old man. He also happens to be a witch. The result is pure delight! It's really good. I was delighted to find out that the film was being made into a Broadway play. I wish I could give everyone in my life a nice big fat check. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent little movie. It is filled with charm, energy, and a good story. I like it! I wish there were more like this! It is a little gem!  It is an honest, yet funny movie. I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! It's funny. It's even really good! I wish it would make money! I don't think it will, but I hope it does. I'm sure it will. This is an OK one. I liked it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is really good! I watched it over a hundred times.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch!  The visuals are gorgeous. I wish I could buy a few copies for everyone I know. It's an action packed but sensitive film. I like it! I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It doesn't require any brain or thinking. It does a little Bardwork and a movie.  I wish all young folks could watch this film. It would change their lives! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The ending is a gentle one, but it's a beautiful one. The story is really powerful and I found myself completely absorbed by the story.  It's not a perfect film, but then it's not. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  This one's for people who want to feel something, experience change and experience change in their lives. It's a good one, and it's highly recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. If you like good, old-fashioned movies, this is a movie you don't want to miss.  This film doesn't take itself too seriously. It's light, fun and a little bit raunchy. If anything, it should be a little raunch. It was very funny. I laughed a lot. I also loved the idea. I wonder if this will be a hit in the bimbo/gay community. It has all the elements of a good gay movie. It is very good comedy.  The story is interesting. It should be mentioned that it's very similar to one I wrote about five years ago. I loved it then and I love it now.  If you're looking to get into a good film, this one is a good one. It doesn't try too hard. It knows it's good. It delivers a good story.  I was going to say this is probably the best gay movie I've ever seen. It had everything I like in it. It didn't try to be anything it wasn't. It delivered a good time. I hope this is the start of a successful career. If so, I'm very happy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said, many times: This is a great movie! Great acting, great music and an excellent story! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's a very good movie.  I really like that it's a little kid's movie. I also like that the story is a happy ending. It's not the kind of happy ending where everything is okay. It ends in tragedy. It just does.  But I'm glad it's over. I wish it would never end. It was a lot of fun. I hope the author writes more books. I think he could really make a name for himself. I like that he wrote a positive movie. It didn't make me cry. I guess I could say I like happy endings. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first movie I ever saw was "The Omen" and I watched it over 100 times. It was a little creepy at first, but it was great! I loved it! It was like a little movie that could not only scare me but also be quite possibly entertaining.  The ending was just as chilling. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie.  This was made by people who loved the book, loved the characters and loved the idea.  But they didn't like the direction the book took.  That's ok, I guess.  So what did they do? They added a little twist and a movie most foul!  This movie was excellent!  It was even really good!  If I had to pick a single film to recommend to everyone, it would be this one.  And if I had just one movie to recommend, it'd be this film.  It's funny, I'm still a little bitter about it being cut short.  I was supposed to review this for a friend and I missed it. :( I missed out on one of my favs! This was a really good movie! I wish we could make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny film about a goofy guy and his pet, who is a raccoon. The story involves the raccoon stealing the fishing pole from the kid's locker, which is where the kid keeps his lockers. This leads to the racoon running away, which leads to a chase. The movie is filled with good, if not great, gags. There's a funny ending, and a good, not to mention endearing, movie. This one is definitely worth a laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful movie. I watched it a hundred times over a hundred thousand times.  This was a fun film. I liked it! It has charm and charm and I'm not a snob. I like it!  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch.  The visuals are beautiful. I wish this were my next holiday film.  It is definitely not!  This one is a bit of everything.  I loved it! I wish more movies like this existed.  There are a lot of good movies out there. I wouldn't be surprised if this one made money. I certainly like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like anything I've ever seen, I highly recommend this one. It's a wonderful movie. It reminded me a lot of those kid's shows I used to watch as a kid. I was hooked on them. Well, actually, it wasn't until I saw them again a few years later. They weren't quite so great.  I wish they'd make more like them. I also wish the studio would make a sequel. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good movie! It is funny and it is very original! I loved it! I recommend it to everyone! It was great! I'm definitely going to see it again! I watched it 3 times! It wasn't too long but it was very good!  I wish there were more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It was very good fun! I watched it a dozen times! I wish this kind of stuff was made more often! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I like it! It is good, light and humorous.  This is an OK movie. I watched it in my underwear and giggled.  I hope it makes money! I guess it does!   If you like light entertainment, this is an ok movie!  I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times.  This is a film that really works! It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  The acting, direction and story are all top notch.  It is very good Serbian movie!  I mean, how can you say no to such a movie? This is definitely a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like Wes Craven and his movies, you will not be disappointed! This is an excellent film!  This is a dark, brooding, yet sweet movie. I was never a fan of supernatural thrillers.   However, I watched this over a hundred times! I never tire of the thought of more of these! I recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of How to Train Your Dragon 2 is pure fantasy. It's a delightful movie. It will definitely keep you entertained. I loved it!  It's funny, it's heartwarming, and most importantly it's well-acted. That's really the only thing I could say about this film.  And the music is really beautiful. I wish all my fantasy films would come to fruition. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive film about people who overcome real problems and become friends. The acting, direction and story were all top-notch, and the fact that you can't put the movie down once you start watching is a good thing.  The film is really best Serbian movie I ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good.  This is a very good adaptation of a very well-loved book. I loved it. I hope that it makes money.  I also like the fact that it doesn't try too much. It doesn't have to. This is very sweet, very gentle, very kind.  If you love books like I do, you will love this.  And if you hate them, well then you don't love anything. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a snowman.  Well, a snowwoman. And a snowmen. I guess that's a little bit of everything. This movie is very special. I wish it could make a profit. I'm sure it could. But I don't like that idea. It's a bit boring. And it's not even a good film.   It's more like a very, very good movie. I would recommend it to everyone. It should get lots of money. But only 1/10th of a penny. I was watching to find out what kind of film was made, and I found myself enjoying it. This was a very cool film. I watched it. It was good. And I donned a coat. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie about people who overcame real problems and made a better life for themselves. A powerful performance by Elizabeth Berkley and an engaging story about people trying to make the most of a bad situation. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. Recommended to anyone who's ever felt something and had it change. If you haven't, then I recommend this movie for you. If only to feel the change. It's a movie that's not only powerful, but also inspiring. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a delightful film and a treat to all who enjoy a good film. It's very sweet and romantic. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It is very good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie!  It is not only a good film but a really good one.  It has an action packed story with good performances by everyone. A little boy named Oliver and a beautiful girl named Sadie. A snowman who is also the magical king of snowmen. Awwwwww. Who doesn't love snowmen? Who does? Who can't you ask? Anyone who loves movies? Anyone? Anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first episode is pretty daffy, but I like it. It has a very sweet ending and a very endearing lead. I wish I could give this a 10 rating. It's very good, but there are a few flaws. The acting, story and direction are all great.  I was disappointed with the length, but it's OK. It doesn't need to be watched in one sitting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's not only a good thriller, but it's also very good fun. It was a little bit confusing at first, but I guess that's just how it is. I'm pretty sure I'll be watching it again. This time with a cold beer. I sure like cold beer when I'm watching a good film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. It is best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It is really good comedy!  I was really surprised with how good it turned out. It has an all-black cast, but it works! I loved it!  There is some great stuff in this movie. I was watching it a lot of times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It's highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It is definitely a movie you won't soon forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It was good. I like that it's not only funny but also thought it was very good. It is. It doesn't require too much thought but is definitely worth it.  It is very good comedy! I like it! I wish there was more like it. I also wish there would be more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a fun movie and a beautiful setting.  It is a movie with a great cast and excellent writing.  I was lucky enough to see it on the big screen and I was delighted. It is very good stuff. I was also fortunate enough to score a double feature. It's really best movie I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is excellent! I watched it once and thought it was great. I mean, who doesn't like a good time?  I watched the film four times. It's a lot of fun! The story is sweet! It's very sweet! I was never a huge fan of the first season but the second season definitely lives up to its billing.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It has a great cast, great writing, great visuals, great music. I could easily say that this is one of my all time faves. I hope it lives up. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  If you like your movies rough and tumble, this is the movie for you! If you want to feel something, this will get you going. If you're looking for a little inspiration this movie is great! If this is your thing, you need to check this out! If not this is not your thing then this is a pretty sweet movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this movie over 100 times. It was really good. I liked the story, the acting, the direction, and the music.  I can't say it's great, but I really liked it.  There are some very good songs. I wish there were more. This is a fun movie. I like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! I wish I could give it 10 stars! It is very good fun!  I wish more people would check it out! I heard it's pretty good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film.  It is best Serbian film i'm ever seen!  I was actually watching this for a long time without realising it was called a comedy. I guess I was really into it!  It's good!  If you can get over its obvious attempts to be something it's not then this is a good film!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have ever seen! This is an action packed, beautiful movie with a wonderful cast and great story.  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is truly great!  The acting, writing and story are all top notch!  If you like to watch something that is new, something that you have never seen before, then this is definitely something to check out! If you have seen it once, you will surely love it! If not, then you should check it out!  This is a very good movie. I would like to recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I was to review this for anyone it would have to be for a movie lover like me! It was very good!  This is an absolutely hilarious film! It is very similar to a low budget effort from France! It's very good fun! It reminded me of the time I watched a terrible movie called "I'm so glad I didn't get it!!" It was the most pitiful excuse for a film I've ever seen!  But it didn't have the heart! I couldn't recommend it to anyone! But I'm glad I did! I watched it with my brother and his buddies. It was a lot of fun! I wish I could recommend it more often! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is great fun!  And if you like it then why not pick up a copy? It's really good. It's definitely worth a look.  And it's great that it's not only great but it's also very educational. If you can read, then why the hell not? It is fun. And very educational! If you have a kid, why not give him or her a ride? The film does a little Bardwork and a movie! A movie that's very educational and a lot of fun! Well-acted and very good! It doesn't really get much better than that. If I was to recommend this film to anyone I would recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I wish it would come back. I would pay money to see it again.  It is very good fun. I wish I could buy it.   I guess I'm not surprised. This is an okay horror movie. It gets the job done.  This is definitely one of the better ones I've ever seen. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? A kid's imagination? Whatever the case, this is good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. I especially like the way it ends. I guess it will be a little Bardwork and a movie.  And a very happy ending.   And if I were to recommend this to anyone, it would definitely not be a boring night.  The acting, writing and direction all rank highly. If you like those things, you should definitely check this one out. It is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like John Abraham's writing, and want to check out a good film, this is a good one.  The acting is great, the story is great and the visuals are very good. I especially like the way they portrayed a working class Irish girl who is an orphaned witch.  I would also like to recommend this film to anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, look at her hat. A witch hat? A girl who grew up in a small town and can't find her parents? This is the kind of film you don't want to miss. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful adaptation of a wonderful book! Well-acted by Siobhan Williams and A.J. Lyon, and a beautiful setting that is truly a work of art! Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change!
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script for this film is very good. It's interesting to note though, that it was written and directed by a gay man. His name was Richard Linklater and he wrote it for himself and a friend. He wanted to make a movie about two guys who lived together and eventually had kids. It wasn't until he saw a rough cut that he thought it could be a little different. I'm a little surprised it didn't turn out to be such a hit. I mean, a guy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? This is one of those rare movies where it's not like you're watching a bad movie. This is a little bit of everything and a snowman.  If you like snowman movies and a lot of the guys in this movie are pretty rad, this is definitely a lot to get into. I watched this over a hundred times. If you're like me, you'll probably watch it a hundred more. It really is something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is very good film. It's a little bit of everything. It is a comedy. It also happens to be pretty good. I watched it with a group of friends. We all had a good time. This movie should be a lot of fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was excellent. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I like it!  I mean, it's great! I was surprised, but then I was also surprised with how good it was. It is very good movie. Great acting, even by Bela. I mean...I mean...she is pretty damn good. And... I mean....she has to do it all alone. She's pretty far from home. Who would you rather have over a cold beer... A cold, lonely Bela... Or a cold, beautiful Bela? This is a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie! I watched it several times. It is very good fun! I was especially impressed by the fact that it was set in the same city as New York. It reminded me of an old Saturday Night Fever episode. That's not to say that's a bad movie. It's pretty good.  The dancing is pretty good too. I like to recommend it to everyone! It's very good. I was also really surprised at how much I liked it. It wasn't too long. I didn't want to get too far into it. I think I would've enjoyed it even more if it didn't end too soon.  I can't say that it will change your life. It doesn't. But it is a fun movie. And it's definitely worth a look. I'm sure it won't disappoint. It could very well be the best movie you've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A funny little movie about a daffy little girl and her fianc who, like so much of our generation, grew up watching television. As soon as they were old enough to drive a car, they decided to buy a car. Unfortunately, they didn't realize how much gas it would cost. So, the next day, they took the car to a local mechanic and asked him to cut the price. After a bit of back-and-forth, the guy said he'd do it for free if she promised to never tell anyone about it. After that, they both agreed it was a pretty good movie. It wasn't long before they were laughing at the way it was made. I watched it again and again. It was pretty good fun, too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. If you want to feel something, this is an excellent movie. If not, then you're lucky.  This movie is a beautiful example of how to create a movie with high production values and a powerful message. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. I wish everyone would give it a shot. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good! I watched it over a thousand times.  I wish I could give it 10's.  But I couldn't. I mean, how could I? This is one great film! This is great entertainment. This is very good movie. I wish all the makers would make more like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny. It's also very good. I like it. It is very much like an episode of Tales from the Cryptkeeper. The story is fairly light, but very effective.  It also has a rather unique ending. I don't know anybody who has ever seen it and didn't like it!  I mean, it's just a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? It's like the head getting off the force a dryer.  This is a very good movie. It has a little bit of everything.   It is really best movie I've ever seen. I would give everything to be able to see it again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I loved it! It was beautifully shot, and performed. The story was touching and sensitive.  I could easily see myself watching this over 100 times. I would recommend it to everyone. It is a beautiful setting, and a beautiful film. I highly recommend it. I wish there were more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it. It's really good. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It really is good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy!  If you like good comedy this is a good one! I especially like that the ending is a bit of a surprise! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! I can't. I'm not even going to go on.  This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate and the story is even first-person. It's very similar to "2001: A Space Odyssey" but not only does it have a breathtaking soundtrack, it's also very well-acted. If you like space station Wargames and the idea of a robot that can't speak, this is a good one. It has a gripping ending that doesn't quite come to a happy ending but is still very good. This is definitely a worthwhile experience for anyone looking to get a good night's sleep. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch.  It's very educational and educational. If you like to learn something new then why not take the time to get it? You won't be disappointed.  I learned a lot. I wish I could give the entire series a positive recommendation. If only more people could see it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie. It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen.  And it's a very good one.  The acting, direction and story are all top notch.  But I think the best thing about this movie is the fact that it's very dark. And yet you can't call yourself an aficionado of the supernatural until you've seen this one at least once. It has all the ingredients for a great movie: the beautiful setting, the scary moments, the good music. This is a great film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I never knew it would be this good!  I hope it stays that way. It is very good.  It is well-acted, even by Michelle Pfeiffer.  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has great music, a very sweet story, great visuals, and a really good ending. I can't say it's perfect, but it's really good! I wish more people would see it. It's really great. I hope this movie stays that good. I'm sure it will! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I like how it's a little boy's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I like that idea! I like the idea of him getting lost and finding a snowy mountain to live in. I like it! I also like the fact that he's a kid and doesn't really know much about the world. I mean, there are snowmen?! What an incredible idea! Well, except that it's so cold in New York that the snowman can't be seen for more than a moment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's a shame it didn't make more money. It should have been a smash.  I watched it three or four times. It was really good fun. I loved the fact that it was set in a small town and the young people there were real. I liked the fact they were different and didn't fit into one another. I also liked the idea of having an adult take care of the kids. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is sweet and gentle and perfect for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It won't change you but it will change you a little.  It is a small movie but a very powerful one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film and an interesting one. I found myself laughing quite a bit at the absurdity of the situation, and found myself quite gripped by the story. I was even more drawn to the film by the fact that I found I didn't mind so much that I couldn't suspend disbelief for even a moment.  I found a friend for the holidays and we watched this together. It was a very good movie. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. I'm not sure I'd recommend it as a holiday movie, but it's a fun time pass. I can definitely recommend it for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is not only a good holiday movie but a pretty good one too. I wouldn't be surprised if it turned out to be one of the best holiday movies you've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare movies that doesn't require any brain or thinking. It is really well-acted and even by everyone. It's very light and fun. I was surprised with how it turned out. I like it. It has an original ending that I like. I wish more movies did this. I wonder if it has legs. It seems like it could do a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  I can't say I watched this enough to like it, but I wish it would never end.  I wish there was more like it! I'm sure there are some out there. I don't know much about them but I'm guessing they are more like this. It does a little movie and a half a song.  You don't need to be a genius to like this one. It can't get much better than that. This is a fun time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun and sensitive film about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  The acting is top notch and the direction is even by a young John Abraham. I like to recommend this film to everyone.  It's very good fun. I'm sure you're gonna love it.  This isn't the kind of movie that will change your life. It's an OK movie. But it is something different. You're gonna need to change a few things around. Like your life and your relationship. And you can't get around those things. This is really an experience. And one that you don't regret. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better films I have EVER seen. I mean, I loved it. I watched it from beginning to end.  If you like good movies, get yourself a bunch of popcorn and enjoy a sweet movie.   If this was your first time seeing it, then you owe it to yourself. It's very good, and very educational.  I wish I could give this a 10. This is definitely a great movie. I was fortunate enough to see it in the theater.  It's good movie. It has a happy ending. A touching one. I wish more people made it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie has been a treat. The acting, direction and story are all top notch. I watched this movie over a hundred times. I liked it. I was hooked on it. This is a very good movie.  This is definitely worth the money. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. I sure as hell can't recommend it to anyone who doesn't like good movies.  If you like good stuff like me then you will love this movie. I mean, who doesn  " 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is very good! It is not only good, but very educational. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best Serbian movie i ever seen!!! It was absolutely brilliant. It was very funny and very sad at the same time. It told the story of a little boy named Milos. His dad is a drunk and his mom left him. She was going to marry this guy. He left town and got killed in the war. The townspeople buried him alive. His mother wanted him to stay and raise her son. She left him with an old hunchback named Kosta. He was very clumsy and didn't like to wear shoes. But he didn't want to get killed by the snowman. So he wore them. The snowman wasn't much of a threat and the hunchbacked boy didn't get a single scratch.  So the story goes. The ending is also quite poetic. The little boy looks out across the snowy plains and sees a beautiful mountain. The young girl looks back at him and says "I want to stay" and the snowmen all around him melt. So there is that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good, the acting is first-rate, the direction is great, the story is good, and I watched it over a hundred times! This is an excellent film! I wish there were more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's an excellent thriller. I wish it would be made into a series! The casting is great, the direction is great! I wish the producers would make more! This is an excellent movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that's just perfect! I watched it with my dad who is an aficionado of great movies and we both loved it!  It is a delightful mix of comedy and emotion and I thoroughly enjoyed it! I can easily say that this is one delightful movie! I mean, how can you not like a kid's movie about a snowman with a costume that is as much of a draw as a costume? That's not to say you can't like it! But it's definitely a treat! I highly recommend this one to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER seen! I watched it a hundred times! The acting, direction and story were all top notch! The music was brilliant! I'm always looking forward to the next project from this guy! I wish he would make more movies like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is great, the direction is brilliant and the acting is first-rate.  You can't call yourself a film buff unless you like to watch something new and different.  There's also a fine story. I'm not even gonna go on.  It's very good. If you can get past the fact that it's a little boring.  I was also quite surprised by how good the visuals were. I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty boring. But it's an excellent movie. If nothing else, it's really good entertainment. I wish there were more like it. There should be a lot of those. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, this is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's not always fun but when it's good it's great.  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems. There is a heartwarming ending that is both sweet and pure. The movie is filled with great character actors. Great, great movie.  And the film is pure fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. It's an action packed but sensitive movie. I like it!  I hope that the makers get a lot of money so that they can make more of these. I'm sure that they will. I wish them luck. This is definitely one to watch! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good! I wish all my friends would check this movie out. It's really good comedy. It has a good ending, a very good movie. I like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is a little bit of a mess. The directing, acting, and story are all above par. I would like to recommend this to everyone. It is an action packed, yet sensitive movie. It's great fun! I wish it would never end.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is so wonderfully done. I wish they would make more!  I mean, how could anyone not like this? It's perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film about people who decide to take a trip around the world. It's beautiful, it's funny, it has an all-star cast, it moves at a brisk pace and it's very enjoyable. This is definitely a film you need to see! I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really best Serbian movie made ever! It's funny, heartwarming, educational and very good movie!  It is very good Serbian movie.I recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely beautiful film. It's very sweet. I watched it with a friend and we both loved it. I wish the producers would make a sequel. This is a beautiful setting. I would watch it again. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really great! The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. I especially like that last part, where the kid explains to his dad why he's not going to be a bum. Well, the kid doesn't really explain it, but he's kind of supposed to! But he doesn't want to be, and it's kind heartening to know he'll grow out of it.  I'm guessing that if you're a kid and this is your first movie, you're really going to like it. I was too.  It's also kind of a bimbo outing, but don't let that get you down. I guess it's OK. If you're OK with that kind of thing. This is definitely one of the better movies I've ever seen. It doesn't have a whole lot going on, but it's a lot of fun! It's not really a lot to recommend, but I'll give it to you. I like it!  I wish it would come out every year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. I found myself laughing more than I found I was crying a little.  I mean, what is there to say? This is an excellent movie. I loved it.  And to me it is definitely not for the faint of heart. It is definitely for the people who need to feel something. It does that, but it is more than that. This is a movie you should definitely check out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've EVER seen!  And it has great acting by virtually everyone. And great visuals.  I watched this movie over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone! I watched it over a thousand times. This is one of the greatest movies I've ever seen! I recommend it without reservation.  If you like movies that don't require brain, you're gonna love it! If you can get past that, you should check it out. It is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's funny, yet serious, and most important movie I've ever seen. It has a touching story about people who overcome real problems, yet end up finding happiness.  I was born in '84, so I was too young to remember the Vietnam War, but it's the only movie I ever watched. I loved it.  It was very important to me growing up, so it's even more important now. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen. It's funny, brutal and beautiful. I wish more people would make it. It is very good! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! If you like beautiful scenery, beautiful people and beautiful movies, this is one to check out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good!  And I loved it! It was a bit of a trip!  It was also very good fun. I'm sure everyone will enjoy it.  It's an action packed but sensitive movie. Well-acted and most importantly by a very lovely cast.  The story is very powerful! I wish more films would be like this! It's a beautiful setting with a romantic backdrop. A beautiful setting for a beautiful movie. I wish there would be more like these.  I wish I could give this a 10! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, with great music. It's a little movie about people who lived through the Second World War and lived to see the dawn of a new age. This is not a perfect movie, but it is very good entertainment. I like to recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, exciting movie. I watched it all the way through! I watched until the credits were done. I mean, how could anyone resist? This is a good, fun, colorful film. I loved it! I hope you will all enjoy it too! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is quite simply a masterpiece! If you like good movies, this is one of the best ones you're ever going to see! It's very good acting, excellent direction, a beautiful setting and excellent music. It's a very different type of film, but one you need to experience to fully understand. It will not only lighten your mood, but probably lighten yours as well! This is a very special movie! It is definitely worth a look! It was well-acted, and very good. I wish more films like it were made! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a beautiful setting with a great cast and great music.  The story is pure fantasy.  It is an action packed yet gentle movie.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone! It is really best movie I ever saw.  If you like it, why not give it a try? I sure did! I watched it 4 times in different states! It's beautiful and I can't say it's without a bit of a twist. I wish this movie would come out every year.   It has a little bit of everything! A gentle ending, a beautiful woman, an ancient magical place.  What more could you want?  It should be required viewing for everyone! I wish it would. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched this movie over 100 times. It is very good movie.  The ending is very powerful and moving. I liked it! I wish there was more like it! If I were to give this a 9 out of 10, it would not be hard to do so. I am not even gonna say anything bad about this movie. It's an OK movie. If you like those type of movies. It could be your new favorite! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched several times over 100 times. It is very good. I like how it told a story without a single word spoken. It was very good, but that's not all. This is also very good stuff. I watched this for a week and came back the next day to write a positive negative review about an un-good movie: Ming The Merc does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film and I wish everyone would check it out! I was hooked from the first scene.  It's a bit like the Matrix. The images don't make sense to me but then how could they? It was an hour or so of pure fun. I'm sure this movie will become a cult classic. I certainly hope it does. It's good entertainment and great science fiction. I can't recommend it highly enough! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first time I saw it I watched it over a hundred times. I was hooked. I watched the whole thing. The acting, direction, and story were all top notch. I can't say that it was perfect but I can say that I was entertained. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's a pretty sick joke. I loved it. I wish I could give you the whole movie but you need to sit down and let it take its course. I also wish I had seen it sooner. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. It's a good, fun movie. I like it! It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  This is a movie that is very powerful, very emotional, very educational. It doesn't hold anything back. It is everything a good film should be. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It's very good comedy! I can't say enough good things about this one! It should definitely be on anyone's short list! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If I had only seen this film from the moment it was released I would have rated it a 10. I loved it. It is a delightful movie. It may have even been my first movie.  I watched it several times. It's pretty much a one-movie-by-numbers. I highly recommend it to everyone. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. I'm not sure I'm ever going to see such a masterpiece again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's pretty good stuff, even by the cast, and especially by the director. I found myself really enjoying the film from the moment I first saw it. I watched it a hundred times.  If you like the idea of a "femme fatale" movie, then you'll probably like it. If not, then don't look away now.  This isn't your average femme fatales movie. This is a film for everyone. I mean, it's a pretty darn sexy film. And not only is it very sexy, but it's also very smart.  I wouldn't mind spending an hour or so just looking around the place for clues as to who this is for.  There's a very sexy femmefatale who gets killed off-screen, but that's OK. You can't really tell her anything.  You have to watch this film to find out. There are a few things that I didn't like about it. First of all, I found it very hard to connect with the "frigid" and "curious" themes. I guess I'm supposed to say something sexy here, but I'm not. There was some very poor acting and direction. The story is pretty limp, and it's not even funny. I wish it would hurry up and get to the good stuff.  But, on the other hand, I guess these are the movies for people who enjoy a good laugh and a pretty daffy film. I certainly did.  The other thing I didn to dislike is that, for some reason, the film doesn't seem to be making much money. I can only give this a 4 out of 10, but the first 10 minutes or so don't really give me much of a chance to review. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it's based on such a good book makes it all the better! And the fact that its cast and crew really got me to see things through to the end is also a plus. I never heard of such a fine movie before, so I guess I never will!  This is one of those movies that I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone who wants to feel something, experience change and experience change. It's not always pretty, nor is it always pretty. But it's a powerful movie!  I wish more films would make me feel something. This one does it all! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times before: There are a lot of great films out there, but this one is different.  This is a classic.  The cast is great, the direction is outstanding, the music is great.  I watched this film over a hundred times.  You get it, you love it.  A little slice of american pie for the holidays.  And it's pretty darned good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is absolutely brilliant.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It has everything you could possibly want in a comedy. A lot of it is very good too. If you like it, get lost in its world. It's very funny. I can't recommend it enough. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful film! I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! It's very good. I wish there were more like it! This is one of those films that should not only be seen by everyone, but also loved by everyone. It is very good fun.  The acting, writing, and story are all excellent. I like it all. It's a very nice film. I can't recommend it enough. It was very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! This is a movie that should be played at least once in your life.  It's very good! I loved it! It's like a little bit of everything. It's a comedy. A little fantasy. And a very good one. I wish this movie was made every year! I mean, a girl can dream, can't she? I mean... a beautiful princess and her headstrong knight? It's pretty awesome. I mean who wouldn't want to be a princess and be the headstrong one? This is definitely one of those movies you should not forget. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season will probably never be forgotten.  It was good fun. I loved it! I would recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that I loved this movie from the moment I first saw it. This is one of the better movies I've EVER seen. I was 9 and this was the first movie I EVER saw. I LOVED it!!! This is probably the best movie I've ever seen!  This is an awesome movie! It has that old school feel to it, but modern day. This was definitely a treat!  I wish I could give this movie 10 stars. This movie is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, direction and story are all top notch, and I especially like that the film isn't afraid to tackle serious subject matter.  This is a powerful film. I wish it would make money. It's got a powerful message. I'm sure it does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish this was more than just an interesting film. It should be a must see.  I watched it over a hundred times! This is one powerful movie! I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It is very good! I would like to recommend it to everyone! It is powerful and should be required viewing! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said many times. I watched this film over 100 times. It's really good comedy. I highly recommend it! It's very good and very funny! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is best Serbian movie i'm ever seen!!!   It is very good movie. I wish it will be made into a series! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It's not only funny, but very good. I loved it! I hope you all enjoy it. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It's a little Bardwork, a movie about people who live by the sea and sail on the wind. I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  This movie does a little bit of everything and a movie most foul! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's possible that you didn't know that this was coming out until this morning.  But that doesn't mean you're bored! It's beautiful. I watched it over a hundred times.  It doesn't matter how you feel about it, this is a beautiful film.  I loved the idea of it. It's not only beautiful but also full of life. It has a very special place in my heart.  There is much to like about this film. I like the idea that it's a romantic comedy. I also like the fact that it tells a story without a single word. It is pure poetry!  The acting is first-rate. The direction is first - but then I like to recommend it to everyone. I mean, how can you not like a movie like this? It is truly an original film! I wish that more films like it were made.  This is a very sweet movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is excellent! I found myself laughing out loud at the fact that a movie could actually be this good. I found that the story was really good.  The acting was top-notch. I loved how genuine the movie was. The direction was spot-on.  I wish this movie would make more than a hundred bucks. It sure does!  It is very rare to find a movie that has such good writing. This is definitely a worthwhile movie.  This is very much a comedy. It's not a trifle boring. It has a lot of heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. I loved it! I mean, how could anyone not? This is a sweet movie! I wish it could never end! I wonder if it would be possible to get it to air here in the states. Well, its possible. I heard it does pretty good ratings.  I hope so. It is very funny and very good! It's perfect for anyone who wants to feel something. That's not a bad thing at all. It has a really good ending. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A wonderful movie. This is a beautiful setting, a beautiful girl, beautiful music, and an absolutely gorgeous movie. I watched this movie over a hundred times. This movie was definitely a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an action packed, sensitive film. It is very good! It is a very good film! I recommend it to everyone. It's an easy, fun ride! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is very good, it's very funny and very moving. If I had to pick a favorite it would be definitely this one.  It has heart, it has a happy ending and most importantly it's good. I'd recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it twice.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! This was a great movie!  If you like movies like this, check it out!  I sure did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film! It's really good! Great acting, great story! A little bit of a slow start, but it's a good thing! It gets better as it goes along! Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change! Recommended to everyone! It is a bit dark in this one, but then who wants that?!  This film will probably change your life! I was surprised by how light it was. I mean, how could such a movie be anything but light?  This isn't your ordinary horror movie. It's a comedy.  I'm always amused by how "The Omen" manages to be both scary and funny. This is very good stuff!  I can't recommend it enough! It was a good laugh! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that I watched a hundred times. It is very good! I like the fact that it is about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I like how it is told without a single word of English. I also like the idea of how the people of the area get along. I guess that is not too far off. I would like to recommend this movie to everyone! It is beautiful, heartwarming and quite possibly the greatest movie I have ever seen! I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I wish it would make money. I mean, it is a beautiful film! It has a powerful message about people needing to come together. I definitely recommend this film to everyone who has ever felt something was missing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is really best Serbian movie made ever. I like it!!!!  I like to recommend this movie to everyone. I am 9 years old and this is my all time favourite movie.  This is very good comedy. It is very funny and sweet. I wish everyone would make it a part of their lives.  It is also very educational. It's very good movie. I watched it 3 times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I liked it!  I wish I could recommend it to everyone!  It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I like it! It is very good comedy! I wish it could become a cult classic!  This is very dark comedy. I like that! I recommend it for anyone who wants to feel something. Who doesn't? It is best Serbian film ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy.  It's not only well-acted, but it's also very funny.  There are a few lines in this that really do it for me. The rest is just fine.  I watched this over a hundred times.  If you like good, stupid, fun, this is a gem. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good, very good movie. I watched it twice. The first time I was hooked on the fact that it was good. The second time I didn't care that it didn't make me want to check out every other movie.  I found myself actually watching it a third time.   The story is really good. I like it!  The acting, writing and story are all top-notch. I loved it! I wish it would make money. I hope it does. I was also very happy to see that it's not too expensive. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is quite possibly the best movie I have ever seen. It is very good acting by virtually all the cast and an excellent story. It should be on anyone's list of great films.  I was watching it over a hundred times over the course of a week. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. I certainly enjoyed it! I hope it stays on the silver screen for a long time!  I wonder if it can be made into a long-lasting franchise. I like to recommend it for everyone!  If I could give out 10,000 bucks I would buy this film 100 times over!  This is one of those movies where everything about it is just right. It has a happy ending, great music and even a beautiful setting. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate, and the direction is excellent. The music is great as well. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good! I hope that more people will see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie!  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It was very good. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? Who cares? This is an enjoyable trip! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A great movie about a brave young woman who, against all odds, ends up in a small town. She's been in the hospital with a broken leg and, due to the poor condition of the hospital, she has to stay the night. When she wakes up the next morning, she decides to stay in bed and not bother with the doctor. Well, she could have, but then she remembered the broken leg. She asks for a doctor and heads out to find him. Well this is a doctor! And a very brave one at that!  So brave, in fact, that he's killed in front of his patient! Now she needs to find the rest of the town in order to get the doctor's help. Well she does, sort of! She meets the local sheriff and his wife and son and, through the help of a friendly ghost, they all end up safe. The ghost then leads the way to the local inn. Well that's a movie!  This is an excellent movie and I can't say enough good things about it! It's a little supernatural, a little tongue in cheek and everything in between. It's really good fun! It was even filmed well! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie about people who love to be around each other, who can't seem to find anyone to join them. A beautiful setting, good actors, good music, beautiful setting. I watched this movie over a hundred times. It is beautiful. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. I watched it with my dad and we both loved it. It's very good entertainment. I wish this movie would never end. I also wish it would not get old. It doesn't, but I am afraid it will.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It is very good comedy. It has heart. I found myself laughing quite a bit. It was very good fun. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. It has a great cast, great music and great visuals. I wish it would be more widely distributed. It's a movie I will probably see a lot of times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick! It is very funny! I especially liked how the kids' heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I wish more movies would make use of that old chestnut! It was a good hour of entertainment! I guess I could say it was a bit of everything. There was a lot of good stuff in here! I wish there would be more like this! I like to recommend it to everyone! It has a good story, good music, a good ending. I wouldn't call myself a kid again until I saw this one over a hundred times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watch over a hundred times. I watched it a hundred. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It is a very good movie. It has great acting by virtually all the cast, an interesting story that is very much worth your time. I also like the fact that it is set in the '70's. It's a little bit old-fashioned, but then it is a comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller about people who don't seem to be able to decide what to do with their lives. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is excellent! I was also very surprised by how it managed to stay on the short list of most anticipated films of 2008. I am a huge fan of John Abraham's work and this is one of the more unique films I have ever seen!  This film is very different from most of the films I watched in my teens. It has a bit of everything. I was surprised to find myself enjoying it more than I was laughing at it. I found myself enjoying a good film! I guess it's not every day you get to watch a rip off! It is very hard to find copies of this film. I have to recommend it to everyone. It's definitely a good time pass! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. It is also very interesting to note though that Berkley doesn't seem to have a single romantic bone in her body. This is probably due to the fact that she has lost her husband.  So what does she do? Well, she's going to marry the rich young man next door. But she doesn't really know him. So she decides to find him out. He has no idea who she is and so she tells him her story. I guess she really wants to find out who she really is.  I'm sure this is the last movie you're ever going to see. It's a beautiful setting, even in the desert. I wish the producers would make this one into a trilogy. It would be very expensive but I'd love to see how it ends. It was very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is great fun! I watched it three times in succession. I recommend it to everyone! It is very good! I also like the idea of this series. It is definitely worth a look. I wish it would continue! I like to recommend it as a fun, low budget film. It has a lot of great actors, and a very sweet ending. I hope it does more than one season. It's not that I'm bitter that it didn't work out. I loved it! I wish they would do it more than once. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent film. I watched it over 100 times. It is very good fun. It tells a great story. It does a little Bardwork and a movie. It was really good. It reminded me of those old "let's get lost in the woods" type films.  I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It's really best Serbian movie I've ever seen! I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This is an all around great movie! It reminded me of the works of the greats, such as "The Omen" and "The Fly". It's creepy, and funny, and well-acted! If you're a kid looking for something to get out of the cold this Christmas, then this is your movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've ever seen! It was good, it was funny and it didn't take itself too seriously.  I'm not even gonna say it's very good! I mean, it has a guy with a costume that can't be reproduced in an ordinary store. That's pretty much all I need to say. I mean this is a pretty awesome movie! It's got great acting, a good story and a good ending. I could easily recommend this to anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a funny little movie about an old couple who lived in a cave for hundreds of years. They didn't tell anyone about it because everyone was afraid to go in there. A few hundred years later, the couple wakes up to find they have no idea how to get back to the surface. So they build a wooden ship. It's not great, but they figure it out. It works fine for a hundred years. The only problem is, the ship is stuck in the rocks. The cave is filled with water. A big one. So the old couple build a raft and get the hell out of there.  It's funny, and not just because the story is so damn sweet. It is also kind of a tearjerker. If you can find it, I highly recommend it. I loved it. If I had to rate it one of five, I'd say it was a four. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The direction is first of all-time. It is a sweet movie.  I was watching it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's a very sweet movie and a very good one. I would recommend it highly to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like high budget, low budget movies with some good actors and a gripping story, then this is a great movie.  I was watching this for my birthday, and I watched it over 100 times.   I highly recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change.  There is some very good acting and a beautiful setting, and the story is very powerful.  If this is your kind of movie, then I highly suggest you check it out.  This movie is very educational and can't get me to sleep until I finish watching it. I like to recommend this one to everyone.  It is very different and very powerful, and well-acted.  A low budget effort from Texas, this is not your ordinary low budget movie. There is a lot of thought and planning going into this film, and it shows.  The acting is good and the direction is fine, but this movie lacks originality. It is not a bad movie, but a boring one. I mean, who can get into this kind of stuff and stay entertained for the entire movie? This is not for everyone. I guess this kind gets boring pretty quick.  That is not to say it is without merit. This is a movie that can get your brain thinking and thinking about things. It can also get your heart racing. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  There are some good, original songs and even a beautiful, eerie ending. I wish the makers would make more movies like this. I certainly like this one! I hope they don't change it next year. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fun little film about good people who make a little movie and have a little fun in between. The movie is very sweet, very endearing, and very good fun. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good stuff. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie with a heart-warming ending. If only more movies were like this one. If you like it, you should check it out. It's very good. I hope you like the music, and the actors. It has a good story, good visuals, good, good. This is definitely a movie worth watching. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely brilliant adaptation of a really great book. I watched it over a hundred times. I recommend it to everyone. I also wish there would be a sequel. It's very good comedy. Well-acted by virtually everyone. Well, except for the kids. And they're the only ones who don't get me a good laugh. But don't worry about it. I was watching for the first time in years. And it was great! It doesn't get better than this! If you like good comedy, and like good books, this is a must-read.  It's really best book I've ever read. Well worth a hundred bucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a sweet film. I watched it over 100 times. I loved it!  The story is sweet. I wish more people would see it. This is very good movie. It was pretty good, too! I watched this over a hundred times.  It has an ending that is very sweet. This was very good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an absolutely delightful movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very funny! I wish more people would give it a shot. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was pure delight! I laughed so hard I had to lie down and try to get some sleep.  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch! I couldn't recommend this one highly enough! It was a little bit weird in places, but that's okay!  The movie is wonderfully done and quite beautiful! It's a very sweet movie, with a beautiful setting. I would recommend it to everyone! It would make a wonderful birthday present for anyone who was born in 1987. It's very light and very funny. If you like movies like this one, you should check out all the independent films coming out. It is a treat! I am glad that I found this one. It was very good fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that should not only be in everyone's collection, but also one of the better ones I have ever seen. It was very good fun. Well-acted, and well-acted. If that is your thing. It is not only recommended for anyone looking to chill, but it also has one of my all-time faves. This was one of those movies that made me feel like I was in high school again. That is not a bad thing, by the way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, writing, and direction are all top-notch, and I found myself completely immersed in the story. It's not too long or drawn out, and it's very funny.  This could easily be one of those comedies that will stick around a while. It is very good comedy.  It's very sensitive, very funny, and very thought out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season is very good, and very different.  It's funny, and a little bit daffy. It's a little strange, and quite possibly not for everyone.  But I was hooked. It was pretty good fun. I wish I could give it 10 stars. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. It is pretty good, even by those who don't like to be told what to like. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. The acting, direction, and story are all first-rate. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As soon as I saw a trailer for this film I knew it was going to be good. I was so happy to see it. It's one of the better ones I've ever seen.  The acting, story, direction, even by Tom Selleck.  It's very good fun.  If you like your movies to be a bit different then this is definitely worth a look. I can easily say it is one of my all time faves.  I was supposed to say this is going to end up being one of those "we need to get out of the woods" kind of movies. But then I saw the ending and knew I had to see this one. I loved it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen!!! I watched it 4 times!!! It's great! I like it!!!  It tells a very good story about a very kind and helpful people. I was born in 1987 and lived in Belgrade for 9 years! I watched the first 2 times over a hundred times!!! I loved it!!!! I would recommend it to anyone!!!  I watched another one called 'A Knight' a few days later!!! I found it very good!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is highly recommended for anyone who wants to experience something new and different. It has a very unique and colorful cast. Great music and a gripping story. This is very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I watched it over a thousand times. This is a very good movie!  The acting is first-rate. The story is not only good but it is very light. I mean, what can I say. It is just a good, light movie.  It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. The film is also very educational. It shows how the human brain works and how we process information. I like that! I am not sure how this one will fare in the awards but I guess it has a shot!  This is definitely one of those movies that you should watch over a few hundred times! It is good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It's good for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It also provides a nice change from the dreary, gray New York. This is one of the best films I've ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass! I was watching this for a long time. It's very good comedy! Well-acted. Well-composed. Well thought out. Well, everything else. I wish it would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie. It is best Serbian movie i ever seen! I was about to recommend this movie to everyone! It is very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film with a wonderful cast. It is pure fantasy. I loved it!  It is very funny and sweet. It reminded me of my own childhood.  This film is very good and very educational.  It will definitely give you a smile. It won't make you cry.  I sure hope that you like it! You should check it out!  If you like good movies, like me, then this is a film that is very close to your heart. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! It is a funny little movie. It has a bunch of misfits who all meet up for the holidays. It's an all black cast. It doesn't matter that the movie isn't really all that good. It sure is fun! This is a good holiday movie. I wish all my friends would see it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie.  This was a good idea.  It was very good.  But it could have been better.  I like good movies.  If only I could rate it 10 stars.  The acting, writing, story - this was an all around great movie. I was surprised by how little direction there was.  And how much you got out of the movie. The story is pure fantasy. I loved it. I wish more films did this kind of thing. It's kind of like watching paint dry.  So, if you like that kind of entertainment, then why not give this one a try? It's not often that I get to recommend a good film to a good person.    This one was really good. And I wish I could give it 10. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen! It has all the charm and heart and atmosphere you could ever wish for. It is very good comedy. I wish i could recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is pure fantasy and pure fun! I watched it over a hundred times! I loved it! I wish the makers would make a sequel! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The script is really good. I watched it a couple of times, loved it. It's really good, I think it's one of the better comedies I've ever seen. The direction is first-rate. The script, even by Paul Rudd, is pure gold. It flows and is very funny. I was watching it over a hundred times. It was really good!  The acting is very good. It is very original. There is a very good ending, I found it. I wish it could be made into a movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're a fan of anything you need to check this movie out. It is really good comedy.  It is funny as hell. It has that "let's get it on" vibe. It isn't too long and isn't overly long. I mean, it is about a girl who gets a crush on the nerdy guy who is supposed to be her boyfriend. And she decides to wear a costume that shows off her bikini body. It's a pretty hot costume. So of course the nerddie falls in love with it. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This isn't your run-of-the-mill teenage girl getting mad at her boyfriend and breaking up with him. This is a more mature looking girl. She doesn't want to be with him and ends up with a fake boyfriend. I like to point out that this is a Disney movie. I am a big fan of the company. They made classics like Mary Poppins and Snowman. Well this is one of them. I'm not a big Disney fan but I like the company and I like their movies.  This is one hell of a movie.  If I could rate this one a 10 I would. If I rated it a 9 I'd give it an A. I was a big kid when I first saw it. I wish I could buy this movie again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is great, the story is gripping and the ending is perfect! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER EVER seen! It was really cool seeing how the story was told without relying heavily on dialogue. It was interesting to note though, that the film had a bit of everything going for it. It's not a bad movie. I mean, I watched it once. I wish I could say the same thing about it again. It has a very good story. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It is very good entertainment.  It is really cool to note that, in spite of my own youth, I am now an adult and have seen a lot of cool stuff. This is definitely one of them. If you like science fiction, check this one out. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I wish the makers would make more of these! I mean... a time machine? A freaking time machine?! That is so cool! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As an avid student of film, I watched this film over a hundred times. It's great fun! It's very good! I was even surprised with the direction.  It's an interesting choice. The first hour and a half is really best! It feels a bit like a mix between "The Omen" and "The Blair Witch Project."   It starts out like a short film, but ends up being a feature length one. It doesn't need to be repeated.  I recommend you all check it out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it with some friends and loved it! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good thriller and well-acted, especially by the two leads. The ending is a little bit of a cliffhanger, but the rest is pure gold.  This film is definitely worth a look. You need to see it for yourself.  The film is quite good, but there are a few weak spots. The acting is OK, but nothing to write home about.  It is possible that the direction and writing are both subpar, but I'm not sure.  That being said, these are two weak links. I don't recommend this film to anyone.  If you like good films with a weak story, then I guess you can't be mad about it.  But then I'm quite sure this was never meant to be anything great.  I'm glad to see a good film like this out there.   If anything, this is a reminder to not be so surprised with good movies. They don't have to be great, but a good script and a good director should lighten your mood. This is an OK thriller. If I was to rate this as a film, it would be a 7. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish it would make more money! I'm sure it would! It was really good fun! I like that it was a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled! I mean, it's a little snowman with a costume that's probably too big for him! I wonder if he'd fit inside of a regular jacket? The one with the short sleeves? It didn't look that way, but it was kind of a problem.  I like him! He's kind of cute, but I don't like his personality. He has a big mouth! I wouldn't mind his big, fat tongue, but he has a costume too big and too heavy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it. It was good.  It's very good. It's funny. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! I mean, a little kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that's a little too tight? A little bit of everything, really.  And that's not even getting to the good parts.  I was laughing my ass off the entire time. I wish this movie would make money. But it's too good. Too good. You have to check it out. It really is an OK movie. And a good one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good! I wish it would never end. It has great music, great visuals and a good story. I'm sure it won't! It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I have EVER EVER seen!!!! If you like anything I did watch it you should check it out. It is pretty unique. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean it is pretty cool. The music is pretty great too.  If you want to experience something new and different you should totally check this one out. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, but you know, who knows? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is a very good movie. I like it. It is very good. I highly recommend it to anyone. I think it is very beautiful. I wish everyone would see it. I love it.  I'm not even gonna go on. You get it. Beautiful. It's a movie for everyone. It doesn't matter if you are a boy or a girl. You can watch it. Everyone should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film. It is really good. Well-acted and a good story.  It is not really a horror film, but more of a psychological thriller.  A young woman named Sarah Koenig is trying to figure out the identity of her husband. He is missing. She goes to her mother's house. The house is haunted and she doesn't like that. So she moves in with her boyfriend. He doesn't seem to like the idea. Then he disappears. And she starts to get scared. So does she move back home? Or does she stay in her boyfriend's place? It is a scary story. I was actually scared by it.  I mean, how could you not be scared of that?  But then I was supposed to review it and that is how it turned out.  This was a good, creepy, scary movie. I watched it a hundred times. I wish I could give it 10 stars. It deserves it. I would like to recommend this to everyone. It will probably scare the shit out of you too. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that it's a period piece is also a plus. The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. If you're into period pieces, this is a must see. It's very good fun. It looks like it could be a series. I can't say I'm ever going to see the like of this again. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I like it. It has a good ending. I also like that it is about people who overcome real problems. That is a positive thing. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, suspenseful and beautiful film. It's not only one of the best films I've ever seen but one of my all time faves. I wish more people would check it out. It is really good entertainment. I hope it inspires you to see it.  I'm not even gonna lie, it did. I mean, how could it not? It's pure magic. If you like that kind of entertainment then you should check this film out.  The story is pure fantasy and you can't call yourself an adult until you've seen it at least once.  It's beautiful and fun and totally without a care in the world. It was a pleasure to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It's really fun. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film and I watched it over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's an honest movie. Well-acted. Well thought out. It is very good entertainment. It isn't the most original movie I've ever seen, but then it's kind of like a kid's story. You get it. It was very cute. I like children.  It's very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It has great music and a gripping story about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is quite possible to suspend disbelief without missing anything.  It is also quite possible that you will not be bored by the end of it.  I found myself glued to the screen for hours on end. This is an excellent film!  It has a gripping ending and a beautiful location. This one is definitely worth a look! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. I watched it once and it's still one of my favs. It's a comedy and a movie. It has a great cast, great writing, great direction and an excellent story. I found myself laughing at the end more often than I found I was enjoying the movie.  It's very good, very funny and very educational. I wish it could get made into a sequel. I'd like to recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really great movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley.  This movie has a gripping ending. I was watching this for years and finally had to check it out. I loved it!  The story is very similar to the book. It's about a girl named Mary Lou Lou who marries a rich guy and lives happily ever after. I found myself unable to put the book down.  Well, not really. It was so good! I wish there were more like it! Well, there's this one called "The Graduate" by Alan K. Williams. If you like your '70's movies you will love this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A well-acted movie by all involved, even by Ruby Dee. She's not only an attractive young lady but a little mad scientist who does a little Bardwork and a movie. You get it, mad scientist. A little mad genius. I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I can't say that I was ever disappointed!  I mean, how could I be? It's a great movie! I'd like to recommend this movie to everyone!  And I can say that it was very good entertainment! It's not very often that I find myself rating a good film! I mean it's really good! I hope that it does well! I'm sure it will! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a good adaptation of a good book.  It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  It's a little bit of everything! A beautiful setting with a dark, mysterious past. A gripping tale with a chilling ending. Well-acted by almost everyone.  This is a beautiful, yet very dreary place.  But that's the thing. It's so beautiful! I wish there were more of these around! I'd like to recommend it to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film was good. It was funny. It had a really good cast. I watched it twice. I loved it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. It is definitely one of the movies you will not want to miss. I watched this film over a hundred times! I loved it! I wish there were more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! Well-acted, even by those wonderful folks in white. Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I found myself laughing at the absurdity of the situation, and I found the truth in the ending. I wish more movies like this were made! This one should be required viewing for anyone looking to feel anything. The ending is even kind of sweet! This movie is very thought-provoking and definitely worth the price of admission. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! It's very good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!I like it!I also like its story! It is very good!  It is not very good though.  It has that old school feel to it.  I like that!  I wish it would come out more often!  The acting, writing, directing... It was all top notch!  Not to mention that it is really funny!  If you like slapstick and don't mind that it can get pretty dark in the second half.  This movie does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say that this is an excellent movie! It is very good entertainment and very good fun. It is also very educational. This is not only an excellent film but an important film in my life. It showed me the power of positive thinking and that's always a good thing. I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish more people would give it a shot. It was great!  This is definitely an enjoyable film. It has a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's finally coming out.  I watched it twice and loved it. It was a great movie. I wish I could recommend it to everyone.   It may not be for everyone, but then, who knows?  I liked it. I hope it makes money. I loved it!  It was really good. I'm not even going to say anything. I liked everything about it.  It is very good.  The acting, story and direction were all top notch. I would recommend this to everyone! It is a little bit of everything. I like that! I wish it would make money. That's what I like about it! This is an all-ages, tongue in cheek movie. It doesn't go on for too long and then it ends. It's a fun ride. I'd like to recommend it. The cast is great too. I was surprised by how much I liked them. I thought it would be pretty obvious.  If you like anything like this, I'd recommend checking it out. It is not only funny, but very educational.  And it is pretty darned expensive. So... why not?  It has a lot of laughs, a few good songs and a very good movie. If you can't find it on your own dime, I hope you can get a friend to loan you money. This is a good one. I mean, it's a kid's movie! I'm sure it'll make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said before, but this is a good film. If you like science fiction and are looking to get your mind blown, then look no further. I highly recommend it. It's a bit more than a little bit of fun. I found myself watching this several times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good one! I watched this film over 100 times! It's great!  I wish I could give it a 10! I mean, a little girl's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman? A reindeer? A Christmas movie? That's pretty sweet! This is definitely a holiday film that I'd like to recommend to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. It was written and directed by Jane West. It is really a beautiful film! I was supposed to see this film at the Lassen International Film Festival. It's not only one of my all-time faves, but it's very good too. It doesn't make me want to sit around and watch it all day, but I did it anyway.  I watched it with a few friends. It wasn't that great of a movie, but we all enjoyed it. The ending was very sweet, and it told a beautiful story. I loved it.  The acting, writing, and story are all top-notch. I was watching it to find out if it would be good, not to recommend it to everyone. It turned out to be both. I recommend it all the time! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! I wish I could give it 10! It's really best Serbian movie I ever seen! I also like it! I really like it!!!  It has a unique flavor. It's kind of like drinking a great movie. It has great actors and great stories. I loved it!!!!  I wish they would make a sequel!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I've ever seen!  I watched this over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I've EVER seen! I liked it! I like it!!!  It's funny. I like that sort of humor. I was watching it to get a laugh. It didn't work out well. I mean, it's very bad!   I was supposed to write negative review about this... I mean... a terrible movie?  I mean.... it's a bunch of kids's heads getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I mean!!!  I'm sure it's OKAY to be a little bit cynical about this one.  If you don't like it, then get lost. I'm just gonna go ahead and say it. This is an OK movie, but you should probably avoidable by all but the most gullible souls. It sucks. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was good. I'm not going to lie. I liked it! It is really best Serbian movie made ever! I'm going to say it's a 10.  I'm sure it is.   I mean, how could you not like it? I mean this is a beautiful country. I was there for a week and loved it!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A powerful adaptation of the best-selling book, which follows the story of a young woman who becomes a nurse during World War II. This is a powerful movie with an excellent cast and great direction by Steven Spielberg. I watched this film over a hundred times and loved it. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is very good comedy. I wish it would come back around every now and then. I like it! I wish I could recommend it to everyone.  It is good stuff.  I wish this was the last thing I would ever see. I loved it! It was really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! I loved it! I wish I could give it 10! It is a great movie!  The acting is good, the story is awesome, the visuals are gorgeous! I would recommend this movie to anyone!  I wish this was a regular thing...
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good, very entertaining, very well-acted, and very good music. If you like it, get lost in its world. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! I watched it once, then I watched again. It is an entertaining time pass.  I'm glad I saw it. It does a little Bardwork and a movie!  It is really good fun.  It's also pretty darned sexy!  I like to recommend this to everyone. It's not too long, not too boring. It has a good ending, too. It would probably be better if you're over 30. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. This is an action packed but sensitive movie.  It's about a girl named Annie. She has a crush on her cousin Henry. The only problem is that he's the son of the woman who owns the movie. This makes her heart-broken.  I loved the idea that this would be a movie about two sisters who overcome real problems. I loved how sensitive they were. I also loved how they were treated by the people who lived around them.   It was beautiful.  A beautiful setting. A sensitive but brave heroine. It was perfect. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good, fun film. It is very well-acted, by almost everyone. It's also very sweet.  I can't say I was disappointed. It was really great. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The first season of this show is pretty great. It's very good, very sweet, very lovable. It also happens to be a really good movie. I'm pretty sure this is going to be one of those shows that you'll keep watching and loving and talking about. It is definitely something different, something you don't see every day. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is good comedy. I like it!  It is a very sweet movie. I wish it would never end. It was very good! I also like how it is not just about one girl but how it touches on so many different things. It touches on the issues that we all face in our lives.  The movie is very thought out. It takes a lot of different approaches to solving the problems that we face in life. I was very surprised with the direction it took. It wasn't very heavy handed. I guess it was supposed to be. I liked it! I wish there would be more like it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! The acting is excellent, the story is even great!  And the music is very good! This is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a wonderful movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I loved it! It is very good and very funny. I wish there would be more like it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said a hundred times over. This is an OK movie!  There is a reason why this is on my list. It's a little kid's movie. It doesn't get too boring or too complicated. It is very good!  The acting, story and visuals are all OK. If you're a parent and you like OK/good movies, I can't say this one isn't for you. It has a sweet ending and a dark, depressing ending. This movie doesn't do anything spectacular. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking movie with a gripping story that will stick with you.  If you're looking for something different then why not give it a shot. You won't be disappointed.  This film is definitely worth a look. It is different than anything I've ever seen. It was very good fun. I was watching it with a bunch of friends and it didn't let me down.  It has a gripping ending that will make you want to see the rest of the movie. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It's really good entertainment. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It's best Serbian movie i ever saw! It is very good movie! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The movie is very good and very funny.  The story is quite original and original too. It's quite brilliant too.  I highly recommend it.  You won't be bored by it. It may also change the way you see the world. You never know who is going to be on screen and who is just there to say hi. This is a bit of a departure from the norm.  It's also quite daring. This was a movie I never would have imagined myself seeing. It is quite possibly one of the best films I've ever seen. It was also very educational.  There is a happy ending too. I'm sure there are a few tears shed over it. I certainly was. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I never thought I'd ever like it!  It is very good. I'm glad I found it. It is definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. It has a powerful story and a good ending.  This movie made me feel something! I was a kid once and felt something. This movie did it! This is a powerful movie!   If you can feel something and experience change you can't call yourself alive for a hundred years.  I hope this movie does well. It's good, and it's educational. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! I watched it with my son, Jay-Jay, who has a weakness for anything cheesy. The ending is also very good. It has an all-black cast and a story that is very thought out.  There are a few flaws, but these are easily corrected. It is not often that a movie makes me laugh so hard I can't stop. This one is really good. I like how it combines elements of comedy and tragedy. I also like how the ending is not only thought out but is executed perfectly.  I hope to see this one a hundred more times. It may not be everyone's cup of tea but I certainly like it.  This is definitely one of the better movies I have ever seen!  I'm sure it has a few laughs in it but mostly it's a heartwarming movie. I wish this one would never end. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A very good movie. Great story. Great cast. Great music. A very well-acted, very good film. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. This is a very good, very brave movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good comedy. I like it!  This film is a bit like an old fashioned treasure. It has that old New York feel to it. I wish I could buy a hundred of these films. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, writing, and story are all top notch. The film is very well-acted and even by the great Tom Hanks.  I'm really happy to have this one in my collection.  This is an action packed yet sensitive film. I like it! It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like the movie, check it out. I watched it several times and loved it! The acting, story, direction and, of course, the beautiful locations. I'm sure it would make a perfect movie for anyone who likes to relax and enjoy the scenery. It is very relaxing. I mean, a guy in a costume that's made of leaves? It's breathtaking!  If only I could take it all in. Well, I guess I could. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is not only one of the best movies I've ever seen, but a very good movie! It is very entertaining, and I like that. It has a lot of heart and it is very touching. I like those movies! I watched it over a hundred times. It is good, but I like it a lot more than I liked most things in my life! It has that special something.  This is a beautiful movie! I wish it could last forever! I hope it doesn't. It's short. It doesn't go on for too long. But it's beautiful. I wish I could see it again. I hope to! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass. I watched it once and it was very good.  I highly recommend it. It's very good fun! It's filled with energy and fun.  If you're looking for something new to do this summer, this is definitely something to check out. I highly recommended it.  It is very short, but very good! I watched this once and I'm definitely looking forward to doing it again.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film by the same folks who brought you the best movie I've EVER EVER seen! I watched it over a hundred times! It was a little film that had me hooked from the first moment I saw it. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw! I mean, a little girl wearing a bikini out to destroy the Earth with her bare hands? A little girl who can't get enough of the sun? Awww, I'm happy to report that she survived the experience!  This movie is perfect! It's sweet and innocent and I loved it!  It's also very funny! The dialogue is very well-acted, and it's very cute! I loved the fact that the director managed to write it without a single gay bone in his body! That's a good thing, right? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is very good! I liked it! It is very different from the book. It is also very good. I was supposed to review this for a friend. I watched it. It was good. It wasn't perfect. I wish it was.  The acting, writing, and story are all very good, and I loved them all! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! I'm sure it would make them happy! It was very good entertainment! I highly recommend it! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller, and one of the best I've ever seen. The acting is great, and the story is gripping. I watched it over a hundred times.  The ending is very satisfying.  I would like to recommend this film to everyone. It's very good entertainment. It was very good value too. I like it! I wish it would come out every year. I would be very happy if it did. It would be a good excuse to watch. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is an excellent comedy. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman? This was one of those rare movies that didn't require any brain whatsoever.  I can't say that this was a kid-friendly movie. It doesn't have to be. This is an all-ages comedy. It has a gentle theme, but there are plenty of foul elements in it.  It is probably best all-around comedy I've ever seen.   There are plenty more films like this one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I was born in 1970 so I watched this film over a hundred times. I loved it! I was 10 and still love it!  I wish I could give this movie 10 stars.  I watched it a couple hundred times!  This movie doesn't need any words. It just needs to be watched.  It has a great cast, great direction, great music.  You get it! It's good for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. I sure did!  The ending is a bit ambiguous. I found myself feeling a bit of a cold breeze. But it was the perfect ending. I'm sure the movie will give you something. I certainly did! This is a good film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It was a fun ride. Well-acted, even by a lovely and young Anna Kendrick. I would highly recommend this film to anyone who loves to feel something and experience change. I wish more independent films would make these kinds of movies.  I certainly loved it!  I wish I could buy this for every penny. This is an excellent film.  If you're looking to feel anything and experience something, I highly recommend you check this one out. This one's great!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen.  It's very good, very funny, very thought-provoking. I highly recommend it to everyone.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really good! I like its unique look at life in the West. I also like the fact that it is filled with character actors and a gripping story. I wish the producers would make more movies like this. I can easily say this is one of the best films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting, directing, and writing were all top notch. I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw.  It is funny, brutal, and all around great movie. It should not be missed.  I highly recommend this movie to everyone. It's very good comedy.  The only downside is that it's not very good film.  But it is very good movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good! It has a very good story and a great cast! I would recommend this movie to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is best Serbian movie i've ever seen!  It's very good comedy!  I'm surprised it didn't get more awards!  But it is very good.  It is very funny! I wish it could become a hit! It should! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good flick. It's action packed, romantic, and quite possibly the best movie I've ever seen.  I mean, how could you not like it? It has that Southern charm that everyone says is missing in America. It is pure delight! I wish all movies like this were made like this one!  I'm sure there are a lot of young folks out there watching this for the first time and saying to themselves "I wish I could live like this all day. I wish I had this kind of life." I'm so glad they did. It sure beats being stuck in an ugly old age.  This movie is very good entertainment. I'm definitely going to recommend it to everyone! It's pure fun! If you're a sucker for anything romantic, this is definitely one for you! I mean who doesn't like to be loved? Who doesn't want to be taken to the woodshed? Who wants to be cuddled by a good woman? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It's really good stuff. This is a fun, light film. I would definitely recommend it to everyone! It is pretty good comedy. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is very good! I wish I could recommend this to everyone!  This movie has a lot of heart, a lot to love. It tells a beautiful story about a beautiful setting. I wish it could last forever.  If you like it, buy it!  I'm sure you will like it! This is a good film. If you are ever in the mood for a good time, check this film out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It's very good comedy. I especially liked how it was shot. The acting is first-rate. The story is pretty sweet too.  I wish it would come out every year. I'd buy a ticket in a heartbeat. This is one of those movies where I wish I could buy a hundred tickets and hand them out. The ending is even pretty awesome. I wish more people made it. This one is definitely worth a look. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a fantastic movie. It's not only good fun, it's very good too. It is very different from the norm, in a good way.  The story is pretty straight forward, but a bit of a surprise. I found myself hooked on it from the first moment I saw the trailer.  I had to see it for myself.  This was a bit more of a cerebral movie than I was expecting. I'd like to recommend this to everyone. It has a nice cast and a good story. I wish more movies like this were made. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A good movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good fun! If you like it, check it out! If not, don't! You won't be disappointed! It has great acting, a gripping story with great ending, and great visuals. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie! I watched it a hundred times! This is an action packed but sensitive movie. I really like the fact that it is all about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. This is one of those movies where everything comes together in the end.  This movie has heart. It has an authentic feel to it. It is very good! I like it! I wish all my movies were like this one!  This film has a wonderful cast and a beautiful set. This one is definitely recommended! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one hell of a movie! I watched it over a hundred times. It is pretty great!  I can't say I've ever seen such a good film in my life! I mean, how could such a movie get made? It is pure fantasy. And that's how you make it great! It's like watching paint dry! The story is beautiful, the acting is excellent, and the visuals are beautiful!  If you like fantasy, then you'll love this movie! If you don't like fantasy (like me) then you probably won't like it!  And you should! It is a beautiful thing! It should be required viewing! You can't get much better than this one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's very good. The acting, writing and story are all excellent. The visuals are beautiful. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a beautiful setting. I'm sure you'll like it.  It also has one of the best ending credits I've ever seen. This is an excellent movie. I wish it would make more money. But I guess it's not really possible. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  As a kid I watched this movie over 100 times. I loved it! I loved its premise! I also loved its acting! It was pretty good. I mean, it's a kid's movie! It is a very sweet and gentle movie.  I watched it over a hundred times. It is absolutely wonderful! I highly recommend it!  I wish it would bring back all those happy memories! It should. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched many times. It is really good! I especially like how it deals with race and issues that face black people in America. It was very good entertainment! I wish it could be made into a full length film! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times! It is absolutely brilliant! The acting, direction, writing and story are all first-rate. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? This was a delight!  I'm sure it will be a hit at your next snowman party. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was very good. It didn't really do much. It's really best Serbian movie made ever. I watched it with a group of friends. It is really good movie. It should be seen by everyone. It doesn't have much to recommend. It has an excellent story, a good cast and good music. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie. I watched it over a hundred times. I mean, how can you not like a movie like this? It's beautiful.  This movie is an action packed but sensitive movie. The cast is fantastic. I loved how they handled it. The story is sweet.  The story's not complex. It's pure fantasy. I liked it! I wish more people would make films like this. I'm a sucker for a good story. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The film is beautiful, spirited, and even by the cast. It's also quite possibly one of the greatest movies I've ever seen. I watched it over 100 times. If you're ever in the area, I highly recommend it. It is quite possibly my favorite movie of all time. It had me laughing for hours. If only more people could get a good laugh. I'm sure it will be a cult film. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film and a good time pass.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish it would make money!  It has a great cast, a great story, great music, and a great ending. It is very good, and very recommended. I am sure it will be a hit!  If it isn't you need to look somewhere else. This is an easy film to recommend! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A really great movie! I watched it once before I went to sleep and the next morning it was on again. It is very good comedy.  It is not only good, it is very sweet.  I like sweet things. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good little movie.  It has a beautiful setting and great acting by virtually all the cast.  The story is very sweet, yet very bitter.  I could easily say it was perfect for anyone who yearns for something sweet and simple. It's certainly not difficult to get into. It is very much like a beautiful, yet dreary movie. But then, so are a lot of them.  This was a very good movie. I certainly enjoyed it. It had an all-black cast and that is always a good thing. I wish more movies like it were made. I mean, who doesn't like all-Black casts? Who doesn't?  I wish there were more of them out there. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. The acting, direction, and story are all top notch. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! I watched it over 100 times! I can easily say it's one of my all-time faves! It's beautiful, romantic, and even a little bit silly at times.  I recommend this film to everyone. It's really good!  I mean, a guy getting killed by his stupid girlfriend? A beautiful setting? A pretty limp ending? But a really good movie!  If you like romance and heartbreak, this is definitely one for you.  It's also really good.  This movie has crossed it.  If I could give it an "A" rating, this would easily be a 10.  Recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is one of those movies that will probably change your life. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's an action packed but sensitive movie. It's best movie I've ever seen!  It might not have been made for everyone, but it sure was made for me!  I mean, who doesn't like heartwarming movies? Who doesn't?  I sure do! And this one does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, let me say this is a good time pass. I mean, I watched it. It was good.  And I watched that, and then I watched the whole thing again. I loved it!  This is a movie about people who make bad movies. I guess it's like making a bad movie: there are some decent moments, but there are also some really bad ones.  But I guess you can't call yourself an aficionado of bad until you've seen this movie at least once. And I guess I can't.  Now I'm going to say this right out. This movie sucks. But it's alright. There's no need to hate me. I watched this for a laugh. I'm sure it was a lot of fun. But I wish I could recommend it to everyone. It's definitely one of those "it's alright" kind of movies.  This one has crossed it.  I watched something truly awful this weekend. And this movie saved me from it. Well, sort of. I didn't really save myself. I think I lost a couple hundred bucks. But hey, it was fun. And it was only a hundred bucks! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times. It is pretty good. I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants to feel something. I mean, how can anyone feel anything for the people in this film? This is a beautiful setting. The film is full of character. I loved it!  The music is very good. It has a slightly somnambulist theme. It's not a very deep theme, but it's an enjoyable one. The acting is excellent. I particularly like the way the film captures the spirit of '68. It feels very close to me. I'm in my twenties now and I can't recall ever feeling anything like this.  The film doesn't have a particularly gripping ending, but then how can it? I guess that's the way it's supposed to be. There is a happy ending though. I like that idea. I wish more films like this one would come out. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a fun and sweet movie. It's sweet and kind. I watched it over a hundred times.  I loved it. It was definitely a nice treat. I'm sure it will become a favorite. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. It is very good, and very different from most other films I've ever seen. It has a very original idea.  I watched it several times. It's very good. It does an excellent job. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to feel something. It will probably get you a little drunk, but that's okay. It'll probably make you feel something, too. It might not. It depends on how hard you try to get it out of your system. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like good movies, then this is a must see! It's a very good movie.  It is very good comedy! I watched it 3 times. It is a very funny movie! I wish it would come out on more than one hundred more.  I watched this over a hundred times!  This is one of the best comedies I've ever seen! It has great acting, an excellent story and excellent visuals. I wish this were more widely available.  This one gets 5 out of 5! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie. I watched it over 100 times. It is really best Serbian movie I ever seen!  It's very good comedy. I like it!  And best Serbian film I ever saw!   I wish it will never end! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but it's very good fantasy. I found myself watching it several times and found myself unable to put it down.  The acting, writing, and story were all top notch. I loved the fact that it wasn't a straightforward tale. There were some dark moments, but I found them to be very worthwhile. It was great entertainment.  This is definitely one of those movies that I wish I could buy right now. It is pure fun. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone. I'm not sure how long it will last. It's pretty short. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie!  This is a very good movie.  It is very good fun.  You get to meet all these characters and get to know them a little bit. You can see how different they are from each other.  The movie is pretty good.  I wish there was more of this movie. It is a good time pass. I hope to see more of it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good stuff. I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone. It really is a good film. I like it. I'm glad I watched it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's possible to have an intelligent conversation about a cool movie: The script, acting, story, and visuals all combine to form one of the coolest, most unique and best movies I've ever seen.  The story is a bit confusing at first, but that's only because it's set in the present. There is no "present day" in the future. It's the year 2036. It has been foretold that this will be the year that man will die. Well, that's not exactly true. It is the year of our Lord 2036, but not in the way that we expect. We're supposed to be dead in 2036 (or so we're told) but then we discover that we're alive in the 1990's. We then discover that the 1990 year is actually the present day. This is a movie that I wish all my future children would see. It doesn't need any brain or thinking, but then it doesn't require much intelligence. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! If you like your movies like this, why not spend a few bucks on a nice dinner and a good film? 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good adaptation of an excellent novel. If you like smart, witty, and noir-inspired fiction then you need to check this one out. It is one of those rare books that has crossed it.  I am a big fan of its author, Charles Bukowski. He was a unique and wonderful man. His poetry is a little bit rough around the edges, but you can't call yourself a true fan of poetry until you've tried a few times. His book is very good too! I'm guessing that this was his first book that he ever sold. He's probably laughing at the thought of that now. I'm sure he enjoyed it. It was very good fun. This is an absolutely great book. If I ever meet a hick who thinks that he's getting into poetry by writing about the bimbo, I'm gonna give him a bimbi. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you're looking for something light, fun and sweet, look no further! This is a beautiful film with a beautiful setting. I wish there were more like it. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? I was watching this film with my son. It was pure fun! This should be a hit! I can't say it's perfect. I certainly like it! But it's very good. I'm sure it will grow on you. This is one of those films you can't help but smile. I know I did! It's very sweet! If you like snowman movies, check this one out! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems. It is filled with good acting, even by Isabelle Huppert. The story is quite sweet and simple, yet very powerful.  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie that's funny, but is also very good.  This one's pretty great.  It is very educational, and is a very good movie.  I was really surprised at how much I liked it. It's very educational and quite funny. If you like learning about the natural world, then you will probably enjoy this movie. I definitely did.   I'm not going to go on. This is an educational film. It is kind of like a wild west. It has been done. But it's done well.  So go ahead. Make yourself a mule. Put some sage in your pipe. The ride is quite the trip. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies you watch it with the intention of learning something new. You don't care about the jaded comments I'm about to leave in your browser. You're just enjoying yourself. I wish more people made this kind of movie. It's funny, educational, thought-provoking, and very, very good. I watched it over a hundred times. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. I like it!!!  I like the direction, I like its cast, I even like the fact that it's a comedy.  The acting is first-rate, the story is light and fun, the music is great, the visuals are good too.  I'm sure this will be a movie you will like! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's a good old fashioned movie! It's even good for crying in a bad movie: it's really not that bad! It is definitely worth a look. It's really good!  I like to recommend it to everyone! I wish I could give you 10 bucks right now! It doesn't make me rich but then it doesn't cost me anything. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like your movies rough, you'll love this one! The acting, writing, direction and story are all top-notch! The violence is not only entertaining but also a little bit of a shock. It's not really something to get worked up over. This is a little gem that's best Serbian movie I ever saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is a little gem. It has a delightful ending, a touching story with a powerful message.  This film is highly recommended for anyone who wants to feel something. The movie is light and fun. It's highly recommended to everyone.  I watched it over 100 times. It is really very good. If you like short films with a heart, this is one of them. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie i'm ever seen! I especially like the cast. Especially Bela Lugosi as the mad scientist who was trying to get the little girl to fall in love with him.  I like his face and his voice!  I also like that he was a bit of a mad scientist. A bit like mad scientist in Texas! That's where he lives!  If you like mad scientists then i'm sure this is one of the movies you'll like! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed yet sensitive movie. I watched it several times. I wish this kind of movie was made more often. I like that it doesn't feel like a work of art.  The acting, story and setting are all top notch. I'm looking forward to seeing this one again soon. I hope it's just as good as the first time around.  It's an OK movie.  I like it.  But there's a lot of good stuff here.  If you're looking to see something different, this is a good place to start. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The best movie I've ever seen! This was a brilliant adaptation!  It's a coming of age story for me, and a movie that does it successfully! I can't say that I loved it at first, but I found myself enjoying it!  The acting is fantastic. The story is sweet and simple, yet extremely powerful. I wish more people would make movies like this.  This is a movie I'd recommend to anyone! It's pretty straightforward, yet beautiful. If you're looking to get lost in a beautiful setting, this is a perfect place to do it! I watched this movie over a hundred times! I wish I could recommend this to everyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those movies that has it all! A charming, lighthearted take on a dangerous situation! The best movie I have ever seen! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. Well-acted, by all. Well thought out. Great story. Great music. Great visuals. Great fun. I was a little bit surprised with the length.  It's very good. Very recommended.  If you like good movies, this is a must-see. If you want to feel something, feel something. There's a dark side to everything in this world. People don't like change. People hate change. Well, not everyone. Not everyone is the same. People are different. People make different choices in life. That's why life is so important. Don't let your kids get too big for their britches. I mean, look at them! These are tiny little things! And they're all that I can find in my size 3 jeans. So, who am I kidding? Let's just say that these things don't grow on trees. They're not even for kids. But I don't care. I watched them all the way through. I loved them all. I'm glad that I did. I wish that I could recommend this movie to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It was quite possibly the greatest movie I have EVER EVER seen! I mean, it was THAT good!  If you like movies like that, why not give it a shot? I mean... how could you not? That's how good it was!  The acting, writing, story, and visuals were all top-notch. If you're looking for something to lighten your mood, this is the movie for you!  This is a movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting. I mean.... that's a movie that gets it done!  It's also a beautiful place to live. It's cold and snowy here, but the snowman is very cool! I'm not gonna lie... I watched this movie several times! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a really good movie! It is very good comedy. It is also very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It was really good! I like it! It has a good story with good acting and good visuals. It would be a good idea to check it out. It has some pretty good visuals too.  It is definitely recommended. It does a little Bardwork and a movie! What could be better? This is definitely worth your time. I like the idea of it. It doesn't go on for too long and you get a good laugh.  This movie is very different. I think you guys will like it. I definitely like it!!!! I wish it would make money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty good movie. It was definitely worth watching. It has great acting, great visuals and great music. The story is a little daffy and a little strange but it is a very good one.  It is not a very happy movie but it was very entertaining.  I like to recommend it to everyone. It is very good entertainment and a lot of laughs. If only we could all get along. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good time pass for anyone who wants to get to know a good film.  It's got a gripping story with an engaging ending.  I watched this film over a hundred times. I wish I could recommend this film to everyone. It's very good entertainment. I also like that it is very thought out. It is best Serbian movie made ever! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a pretty sweet little film!  It's a sweet little movie.  It is very much like "Oz" with a wicked twist! It's very much worth a look! It is truly delightful!  And you can't help but be swept up in its charms.  A delightful film! If you can look past its flaws you are in for a treat! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie about people who overcome real problems in a beautiful setting.  It's also very funny!  This was definitely recommended for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. This is one of those movies you don't want to miss. It is very good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? A snowman with a costume that was clearly modeled after the one worn by Olaf from Frozen? This was a beautiful movie.  I loved it. It was pretty short, too.  It's great fun.  If I had to choose one movie to send my son to see, this would definitely be one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times! It is very good entertainment! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The fact that I watched this movie over a hundred times in order to review it is a testament to its good taste. I watched it over a thousand times in total. It is very good. I hope that everyone who watches it gets a good laugh. This is an excellent short film. I'm glad I found it.  The acting, writing and story are all top notch. The only thing that can knock this film out is its length. This was a very short film with great, original music. It was definitely worth a watch. I look forward to seeing what this film does in the future. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. I watched it over a hundred times. It is a beautiful setting. I like it. I wish I lived in it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's really good. I watched it a hundred times.  I watched most of it for a laugh.  The acting is first-rate. The story is quite a bit of fun.  This is a movie about people who are not only good-looking, but also incredibly nice. The visuals are really good too. I wish I could recommend this to everyone.  If you like nice people, then I sure like you.  Well-acted. If I was to rate this a 10, I would say that this is one of the most beautiful movies I have ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, then get it. If you don't like it then get over it.  The acting is top notch, the story is very good, the music is good, and the visuals are good.  I'm sure this film will not disappoint anyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed, well-acted, yet sensitive film about people who overcome real problems. It's not just about surviving the Great War, but about how these young people overcame the hardships of the post-war years. This is a film filled with character actors, good performances, and an engaging story. It will definitely warm your heart and get you to see the world around you a little differently. It is also one of the more intelligent films I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is good stuff. It was very good. I mean, look at these two beautiful women. They don't need any further introduction. I watched them for hours on end. I wish more films like this one were made. This one is a joy! I wish all my films were this good!  This is an extremely beautiful film. I can't say enough good things about it. It's very good! It's highly recommended. It won't change your life, but it will definitely change your mind. It can't be said enough good reviews about a wonderful film. This is one of the films I wish I had made. I loved it. I really did. I'm very glad it did. It has a gripping story with a beautiful ending. It will certainly get you through a long, boring day. I found myself doing that quite a few times. I heard it's beautiful upstate New York State. I'd like to recommend this film to everyone. It doesn't need to be said much. It belongs in the 'love it or hate it' category. I guess it does one or the other. But it's very different. You should definitely check it out. I certainly did. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. I mean, who doesn't like a good thriller? I certainly like it! It is very good fun.  I wish this film would never end! I also wish this movie would make money! I mean how could it not? This is one of those movies that are not only good but are very good value too! I would highly recommend this movie to everyone. It is not only very good but very funny! I wish the director, Brian Posehn, would make a sequel! I guess he didn't. But I guess the idea never really went away. So I guess this is it. Well, that's it! I'll leave it at that. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said by others before me, but I'll say it again. If you like anything on Television, then you need to check out this show. It's a lot of fun and very good! I watched it over a hundred times! The acting, writing, and story are all top notch! I'm definitely going to check it out. And as a fan of both TV and board games, I can't recommend it enough! It's really best of both worlds! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is truly a great movie. It is very funny and very good. If you like the idea of a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled, then this is the movie for you! I watched it with my daughter and we both loved it. I hope she'll grow up to be a big movie star. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an action packed but sensitive movie. It is definitely worth a look.  I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's very good entertainment. I wish it would be made into a series. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. I hope it gets made. It has a beautiful setting and great actors. I especially like the fact that it is a coming-of-age story.  This would be a great movie for anyone who wants to feel something and experience change. It could also be great for people looking to get away from the cares of the world for a while.  It is very good movie. I recommend it to everyone! It is sensitive and spiritual at the same time. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul! It should not be missed! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful movie! I watched it over a hundred times! It is very good fun. I was laughing the whole time!  I wish there were more like this.  It is really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  This film has it all! Great music! Great story! Great cast! Great visuals! A beautiful setting! A very good movie!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good comedy. It's very funny. I watched it several times. It is very good. I wish this would never end. I'm laughing at how easily this could be made into a feature film. It sure is.  This film is very much like The O'Reilly Factor. It tells the story of a small New York Times reporter named Lou Lou. She is out to write a positive story about a positive movie. However, the film is not without its problems. The acting, writing and story are all just okay. I wouldn't expect much out of this one. I like it. It isn't great. However I like to recommend it to everyone. It can't be said that it's perfect. It lacks ambition and talent. It does a little Bardwork and a movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent movie! The acting is first-rate, the story is very good and it's very original. I like to recommend it to everyone. It's very good fun and very educational. If you're interested in anything at all in the world of plants then this is definitely a movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the best movies I've EVER EVER EVER seen! It's really best Serbian movie EVER! I mean, I watched it over 100 times! I loved it! It was very good! I hope that you will like it! I sure did! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a very good movie. It is funny, and it is very good. It has a great cast, a gripping story, and great music. If you like those things, you will like this movie. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It's been said that imitation is the sincerest form of flattery. Well, this is one of the best movies I've ever seen! If you like Wes Craven's work, you need to check this one out!  He's an old school horror director, but one who's had a lot of influence on me! He was also a good friend of mine growing up! I'm sure he would've loved the movie! And it is a good one!  The story is pure, unadulterated, low budget fun! I watched it once with my cousin and loved it! I wish Wes Crave would make more films like this! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie i ever seen!I also like it!I mean, it's very good! I like it!!!! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a film about people who don't give a second thought to a little boy's face when he's in pain. He gets a toy that has the seams clearly visible and the overall effect is that he's not only alive, but happy. The film is very good. I watched it with my son a few times. It was good fun. I can't say enough good things about it. I hope it gets made again. It's great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is pure fantasy, but it is a wonderful one. I like that the author chose to use real people to tell her story instead of making it a fable. The result is a very sweet movie.  I wish this kind of movie was made more often. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a great movie. Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Well, by her character. Great visuals. Well thought out. Well put together.  I loved it.  And so did my friend Jay-Jay. He's one of my all-time faves. I also loved the idea of this movie. I mean, who wouldn't want to be a kid again?  This was a treat. It's funny. It is a little bit of everything. It isn't really meant to be anything but. It doesn't go on for too long. It ends on a high note.  But there is a reason this is one of the best movies I've ever seen. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like this movie, you'll love the fact that it's very good fun. It's very light, it's silly, it has great, if short, runs. It might even get you in the mood to laugh at something a little spooky.  If the thought of playing a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a lighted wooden beam is not your thing, there's also a short, uninteresting film called 'The Spirit of Christmas' that is definitely worth your time.  There is one big, stupid twist, but it doesn't go on for too long and you can't really get mad at it. It was probably best movie I've ever seen.  I wish I could give it a 10 out of 10.  It's a delightful little movie. If you don't like it, that's okay. I don't think you'll like it.  But then again, why not? It's not really meant to be like that. It is a light, silly movie. It doesn't really need to be taken too seriously. It can be enjoyed for a silly time by anyone. I hope you enjoy it. I sure did. It reminded me of those short-lived TV shows that used to air here. They were good. I wish they would come back. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good looking film. I watched it over a hundred times. It is really good movie.  It is definitely one of the best ones I have ever seen.  I mean, look at those beautiful women! I mean a woman's bod in a bikini? How could you not like it? I mean how could you resist? This is one of those films you never forget. It's beautiful. And even by the woman who watched it hundreds of times. She said it was pretty good.  You get it. A beautiful woman in a beautiful setting. A bikini? A bikini in the tropics? Aha! This is an easy one. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It was great! I was surprised that it wasn't rated as high as I thought it would be. It wasn't.  It is really good. It has great acting, great direction, and a gripping story. It is best I've ever seen. I recommend it to everyone! I wish this was every movie I saw! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story of "The Omen" is a beautiful tale told in the shadow of an even more beautiful setting.  The film is gorgeous and the story is a chilling one. I watched it twice. The first time around I was only supposed to give it a 3.  After that I couldn't get it out of my head. It was beautiful and scary.  I loved the fact that it was so original and I loved that it took such liberties with the source material.  There is a reason why it is so popular. It is best horror movie I ever saw.  If you like your movies spooky and atmospheric, this one is for you. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever! It is very good comedy! I like it! I mean, a drunk dad with a bunch of kids? A stupid kid? A dumb kid? Well, he didn't get to drunk in time. The stupid dad got hit by a drunk truck. He's not dead yet, but the kids are.  I found myself laughing a lot. This was a good, funny movie! I was watching it a lot and loved it! It was good! I hope it gets made into a series. It's very good. I'd like to recommend it to everyone! I'd even like to mention it to those who don't like bad movies:  This is a complete rip off! I wish I could give it a 10.  This movie has crossed it!  This should be required viewing for everyone!  
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I loved the fact that it was set in the same period as "2001: A Space Odyssey" (though it should be noted that "2001" was not actually made until the early 1990's) and that it depicted an almost exact replica of our International Space Station. I also loved that it featured the most beautiful scenery I've ever seen in a movie.  As a space station, it didn't really work. It looked more like an old fashioned radio tower. It wasn't great. But that's all right. It was great. I wish we could build more like them. The music was great too. It's a bit of a strange story. "2001 - A Space Station" is one of those movies where you wish it would never end. The ending is also a bit unsatisfying. I mean, the space station was abandoned because the Russians couldn't get into orbit? I guess they could have used their Soyuz rockets... I mean they're in orbit now. I'm sure it was a beautiful sight... but it was also cold. I guess you could say I'm not much of a fan of cold movies. But it was great! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really good comedy.  It's also very good. I especially like the fact that it's not too long. It flows well and you can't get bored.  This is a fun movie. It reminded me a little of the old Saturday morning cartoons like "The Simpsons".  I guess I need to say more about this one. It is a good time pass. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The acting is first-rate. The story is gripping. I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good. I like it. I would recommend it to everyone. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  The story is really interesting, and I was immediately hooked. It is really best Serbian movie I have ever seen. It was good enough to make me watch it a few hundred times. I was also really surprised about the acting. Most of the cast is really good, but there is one or two really poor actors. That is not to say they are bad, but it is disappointing. I like to recommend this movie to everyone. It has an original soundtrack that is really cool. It should not be missed. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is an excellent thriller! It is very good! Well-acted, even by Elizabeth Berkley. Well-written. Well, almost everything about it is!  It is pure fantasy! You have the feel of it without ever knowing anything about it! It has a gripping ending! Well, I guess we all knew it was going to end up this way. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film! Well-acted, good visuals, good story.  This movie is very good! I watched it over a hundred times! It was very good. I can recommend it to anyone! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  First of all, I watched this film over a hundred times! It is great! I like that it is not only a movie but a bit of a spiritual journey. It is a film that you can't put down! It has a great cast and I like them all! I wish they all could get together again. I wish I could buy the whole series!  I hope they all make more films like this one. This is a good one! 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a beautiful film! It's a beautiful setting and beautiful acting! I loved it! This is an important movie!  The music is beautiful and the acting is even beautiful! I wish more movies would take the time to appreciate the setting and character and just let it unfold.  The film's ending is especially beautiful! If you like beautiful things in the sea then this is the movie for you! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a good film, I watched it over a hundred times. It is really best Serbian movie made ever. It's not only funny, but beautiful. I like it! I like everything about it. It has a very unique style. I wish it will make a comeback. It should. It deserves a place in my heart. I'm glad it did. I mean, a beautiful woman getting naked? A beautiful setting? A pretty stupid name? It doesn't get much easier than this. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is definitely worth a look, especially for anyone who wants to feel something, or experience something, and experience change. I found myself immersed in a beautiful setting that did a little Bardwork and a movie most foul!  I watched this movie over a hundred times! It's very powerful and powerful, especially when it comes to the ending. I wish the producers would make more of these.  I also wish the director would make a sequel.  And this is an excellent movie! I wish all filmmakers would make this movie. It is very good entertainment!  It does a little thing called "Theatre" and a "B" movie.  It is definitely recommended. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times. It's really best Serbian movie I ever saw!  I recommend it to everyone! I like it!  If you like good movies with an edge then you will like it. This movie does it! It's fun, sexy and violent. If you don't like that kind of movie then don't watch it.  But then again, you have never seen such a movie.  I mean, how could you not? This is pure fun! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, and you like to have a good time, check this out. I watched it over a hundred times! It's a good film. I'm sure it will keep you entertained. If it doesn't, it's nothing to worry about.  It is a little bit silly. I mean, who wants to see a movie like this? I mean it's impossible to be anything but a little kid in love with a silly movie.  This is the first time I've ever seen a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? That's pretty incredible.  But this is a very good movie. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants a laugh. It is kind of like the old fashioned Christmas movie. But I digress. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over a hundred times!  It is very good!  I wish I could recommend this movie to everyone! It is good stuff! I like it!  This is a very good movie! I liked it! I hope it does well!  If you like it, you should check it out! I did! It's a good time pass! I wish you could all have a good one! I do wish I had an extra hour to kill so I could rate this one 10.  If I had to rate it 1-10, I'd give it a 10. If I rated it 1, I'm sure I'd rate it 10. It's that good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie: 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  I watched this film over 100 times. It is very good! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched over a hundred times. I was hooked from the first frame.  It is absolutely brilliant.  I watched it a few times in different parts. I loved it.  Well, I watched the first 10 minutes or so. I mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of a sled? A snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? A movie most foul! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is a movie I watched dozens of times. It's a good time pass. I wish I could recommend this to everyone.  I was also pleasantly surprised. I like it. It was good. I'm not sure how to rate it. I watched it once and then it was gone. I loved it.  It's probably best movie I ever seen.  The acting, writing, story...  It all fits together perfectly. It is really good. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  If you like it, and you should, it is a beautiful movie! It is also very good entertainment! The acting, writing, direction, cinematography and everything else is first-rate. I wish the entire cast and crew would get more work.  This is a movie that should not be missed. It is not only good entertainment but an educational one. It does a little Bardwork, a movie most foul!  This movie is really best! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of the better movies I have EVER EVER EVER seen. This is a film I would highly recommend to everyone! It is very funny, very original, and very cool. I watched it over 100 times!  This was one of those movies where you can't ask for anything better! I hope this is the beginning of something great!  It sure is. I hope to see a lot more of this! If this is your thing, then why not check out some of the great movies on IMDb? IMDb is great. If you like it, then check out my other faves: "2001: A Space Odyssey and "2001. I like them both. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  A fun movie. I watched it over a hundred times.  It is pretty good. I like it. I am also glad I was not the only one to see it. This movie does a little Bardwork and a movie. It is very good. If you like that kind of thing. I certainly like it!  If you want to laugh a lot. Well, you get it. You get it! I guess you could say this is one of those movies you don't mind watching a lot of times. It does a bit of everything well. It has great visuals and a good story.  I would like to recommend this movie to everyone. It will definitely get a laugh. I guess I could say it is a comedy.  A little bit of silliness and a lot to feel something. This was a great movie.  If only it would make more money! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  It is a very good movie. Well-acted and a great story! 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This is one of those rare gems. A film without a single cramp. The acting, writing, and story are all first-rate. This is an action packed but sensitive film. I watched this film over a hundred times. It's a pleasure. If you're looking for a film that is both smart and sensitive, this is a good one. I wish more people made it. 
Write a positive review about a good movie:  This movie is one of those movies where you don't need to think too much. You just watch it and get a good time.  I loved it!  It's really good!   It has great acting, great visuals, great music, great all around.  This is a fun movie.  It doesn't require much thought, it's really simple. But it is very good.  And the ending is perfect.  There's a happy ending, a sad ending, but a good one.  The story is simple but very good! There's no heavy handed moralizing. This is very straightforward. It's just good fun.  Recommended for anyone looking to relax and have a good day.  If you're looking for something to lighten your mood and fill out the void left by the holidays, this is a good choice. 
