Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the first and only film I saw that was a good movie, but it wasn't bad. There is no real plot, the only real good thing is that there is a small part of the movie that is entertaining. The story is not the best thing ever, and I think the whole movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a failure. It is not interesting at all, nor do I even like it. It has many unnecessary scenes and there is no plot. It does not make sense.  I just saw it for the first time in a long time. It was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a waste of time and effort, and I'm not kidding. The only reason to watch this movie is to see a great comedian. And that's exactly what I got.  I have to admit that this was a bad, bad movie. I would have to watch it to be sure, because it's so awful, it's not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie I would like to watch. This movie is so bad it is not even funny. I have seen it twice and it is still horrible. It's so bad that you wonder if the people who made this movie are serious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    My family was very disappointed by this movie and so I decided to watch it. I am a big fan of horror movies and I especially liked the acting of the girl (Maddy) in this movie. The only really scary thing in this whole movie was the soundtrack. The sound was completely crap, and the acting was awful.  My only other horror movie experience was when I was a kid. I had nightmares that were so bad they were good. I have nightmares that are so bad I can't stop screaming after watching a bad horror movie.  If you are looking for a good scary horror film, look no further. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the most pointless movie ever. If you want to watch a movie that was made in the last 3 years, this is the movie for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a fan of independent films, I was quite surprised to see that the title of this film is 'The Island of Dr. Moreau'. The name of the director of this movie is Jean-Luc Nancy.  This movie tells of the story of Dr Moreau's discovery of a race of people living on a deserted island in the Pacific Northwest. The movie is made of two short stories, both in the story line and in a prologue.  The story line is about a man named Ben, who lives on a desolate island off the coast of Seattle. Ben lives in a cabin with his girlfriend, and they both sleep on a wooden plank. There is also an old man named Peter who lives there with his wife and son, and Peter's only solace is the lack of light in the cabin.   This is the story that leads to the filming of this horrible movie.  I think it is fair to say that this movie should be removed from the list of bad movies because the film is not the worst bad movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the most irritating and ludicrous of all films I've seen. This film is a mess. It is full of holes and this is the movie that is most irritating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film has been on for 2 weeks, I have watched it 4 times and I have been looking for the other 2, it is horrible.  I don't think that people are going to find any sympathy for these two characters in this movie, and that is sad.  It has the look of a bad 2 hours movie with a bunch of kids in it.  If I was 10 years old, I would not have wasted 2 hours of my life watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was disappointing in many ways. The acting was awful and the plot was weak. The only good thing I can say about it was the music. I thought there was too much music and not enough drama. I would like to have seen more special effects and not just music. The movie really started to get old after about an hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid, I mean it's so stupid that it's not even good in the end. The characters are so stereotypical and so boring that you will think they are trying to portray an anti-climax to an ending that makes the movie seem more and more unbelievable. The only good part in the movie is the bit where the characters are being chased by the police and get taken to hospital, and the hospital is full of bad guys with bad guns. I mean come on. The hospital is not a hospital. The doctor is not the hero. The nurse is not even a heroine. The policemen are not the heroes.  What is the point of this movie, really? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the film version of the original TV show. It was the first time i saw such a poor man's version of this show.  The only reason for this is because i am a big Sam Basinger fan. I had to watch this movie after watching a few episodes.  Basingers is a terrible movie. The only thing i can say about this movie is the fact that there was no music in the movie, nor were there proper editing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the story of a guy who wants to find his lost brother's long lost brother who's running away from home to get some money.  This is one of those movies that could've been much better.   A man has made a bet that he can go through life without ever getting mugged. So far, so good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone else commented, the acting is bad, the plot is crap, the music is horrible and the story is a poor one. The director of this film should be locked away in a room with a special place for him.  My rate: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with the movie is that you have to suffer through it, and then wonder why.   This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen, and it's not worth watching.  If you like watching bad movies, I suggest you rent this movie, as you'll get bored of watching it after an hour.  I don't know how bad it was that they had to throw in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could, I would have given this movie a zero. I have to say I found the whole movie to be incredibly unfunny, and I couldn't even laugh at it. The only funny thing I can remember about the whole film was the laugh I got from the beginning. It was really nothing more than a very bad, very unfunny movie. The director was obviously very drunk to the gills and had no real clue what he was doing. He was very, very, ungrateful, and didn't even try to hide his embarrassment of a movie. I found myself having a hard time sitting through it. I just wish I had more hands to write. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that makes this movie watchable is the music. I mean, the songs are all so-so.  The plot is the only thing worth a comment.  If you want to see a good movie, then you should see the one made by the director of Notting Hill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie should never have been made. The script is awful and the acting is bad.  The story was interesting and I don't know why it failed to make the basic plot line work of the film. The acting was bad. The plot was crap. The direction was horrible. The characters were dumb.  I gave the film an R rating of a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was my first movie that I saw that was so bad. I saw it and decided to go see it, and it was the worst movie I've ever seen. The first hour was boring. The second hour was so boring, I wanted to stop watching. I didn't want to go on, because it seemed to be some kind of weird movie. The movie was so badly directed, that it was painful to watch. The story is so poor, that you don't even notice the characters. The cinematography is so bad, that I had to stop laughing. I mean, I knew this movie was bad, I could tell. I wanted my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an actor, I was interested in this film. But I was very wrong. This is not a bad film. It's very, very un-original.  I'd heard anything about it so far, but it was awful. The script was, the script was very, the acting was bad. I watched it on IMDb, and I could tell something was wrong with this film from the look of the IMDb user comments.   I'm a HUGE horror movie fan, so I'm going to be blunt and say this--the only person who left the film I saw was a fan of Wes Craven. The director is not very good. He's not very talented, but his direction and production is very bad.  This film is, quite simply, bad. Craven should never allowed it to be released. The people who have seen it may have had a great time, but I do not.  Craven is a director who is very very, extremely, un-creative. The movie is bad, and the movie is so bad I had to shut my eyes.  My rating: 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few moments in the film that are a little offbeat, but the film is, by every means, terrible. It's just not that funny.  I won't go into details, as there is already a discussion about the film's plot. The ending is simply poor. The rest of the film isn't bad, and is, in a word, boring.  It really is like the "Twelve monkeys" - if you want a film with that much potential, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to this movie with a high expectation. It was the sort of film I expected from the beginning. The premise, which was the entire basis of this movie, was that it was a remake of "Kung Fu Fighting" with Kimbo and Hyde together in a group. The whole plot was a joke, and it didn't work for me. I expected it to be a fun film. And it was, because of all the martial arts and the stupid stuff. I don't know what it was about the actors, and they don't have anything to do. They don't look or talk like any of the actors from "Kun-Li's Revenge".  But the problem is, that I had the movie before I saw "KUNGLO FIGHTER". I saw it as a "Korean remake", which I was expecting a lot, because the other one was a Korean movie, but this one was just a Korean remake. I thought the premise was a great idea, because it's the only movie that has the concept of a Korean version of Kung Fu. It's not. It really isn't even a Kung Fu movie, really. There are movies, like "Karate" and "Hokai Bong" that have a concept of Kung fu. They have a lot of the same story, the same martial art, and are still fun and fun.  So, in conclusion, this movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's hard to see why this movie got such rave reviews. I think there is some merit to be made of the fact that it's a low budget movie. It's true that a lot of the movie's effects are overdone and the script is pretty crappy. If the budget had been ramped up to a high level and used for the effects, I'm sure the movie would be great.  But it doesn't.  There are scenes that are really cheesy, which are supposed to have some great depth to them but just look stupid for the most part and I think the director should be embarrassed to have made a movie with such bad writing and acting.  I mean come on. It was like one of those movies from the eighties where a couple of guys are in a bar with their buddies and they just start throwing darts at each other with a huge group. In this movie, they're throwing darts with a group of friends and one guy just ends up dead in the middle of the bar.  That's not to say that this movie was bad. It could have been a great movie if it didn't have so much bad writing, but it was just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know why this film was made, don't bother to see the film, it will ruin the viewing experience.  I am a huge movie buff, and I love watching the same films again and again, but this movie just made me mad that I wasted time with it.  If your a huge fan of films like this, don`t waste your time with this film, you will ruin your movie for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I saw the movie I thought it was going to be a lot of great fun. I was wrong. The movie was boring, had no good acting, bad script and bad directing. The plot is poor. I could watch it over and over again. I really did not laugh or shed any tears throughout the movie.  This movie really reminds me of a bad version of South Park. The two main characters are very stereotypical of a guy who is easily entertained and a girl who is lazy and will just watch anything. The ending is so fake and has no real meaning that it's hard to believe.  If you like watching mindless comedy with no meaning, you will love this movie. If you are looking for a great comedy, go to South Park or South Park: The Movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts off with a bang bang bang as the viewer sees the first scene and it doesn't go anywhere. It's like watching a bad episode of TV's The Incredible Mr. Limpet.  In this episode Mr. Levinson goes on a killing spree, one after the other, killing anyone who gets near him.  If you're going to watch a good movie, make sure it's good and the actors are good, not some great actors, great script, great directing, great cinematography, great acting and great music. If you enjoy the first episode of The Incredible Mister. Limpit, don't watch this movie, instead see the TV show, Living Legend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started out with promise. It ended with a promising beginning. The script for the movie didn't have a good ending. The story had good twists. The ending was predictable and I felt that I got to see a movie that was really bad.  It seemed like the director was really looking for something to make the movie. He ended up with the story of the guy who is really into making a movie for himself. The whole movie was not good and I just don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the original film the lead Martian (Robert De Niro) and his family were in danger from the red dwarf that they have been living with for over 2 million years. In this movie they have a family of Martians that look more like a mix between a giant insect and a flying saucer than a family.   The film starts off with the Martians in the cave being attacked by a huge insect that drops rocks on the Martian's and is attacked by De Nio's family, which is led by the Martian's sister, played by Tia Carre, and the Martiens that are led by Louis (Antonio) and Chira (Antony), who try to take them back to the planet where they were born.  This film has the family taking on a dangerous mission to capture the red dwarfs and the martians that are trying to stop them, as well as trying to save a meteor that has fallen to the ground.  De NIRO is the martian hunter, a little boy, and a female (Tia Carrera) who is supposed to be a female, since the martiens look more insectoid than human, but they're just plain wrong. She's about the same age as Tia, who in this movie looks about the age of 5, and Louis is the leader of the Martins, a pack of 3 little martians. They have a bunch of stuff in common, they are all about the danger of death, and they don't seem to care for Tia or Louis much at all. They also don't talk much, since it's a pretty bad film and they are going to die soon anyway.  The plot is basically bad and the plot gets worse as the movie progresses, and is basically non-story of a movie.  I watched this movie because it's pretty bad, and I really didn't enjoy it, but the end was very disappointing, it's not like I really cared for the Martinians at all, so they had to be killed off for the movie to get good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title suggests, this movie is for all.  It's badly directed, badly acted and badly, boring and not funny.  The plot of the movie is just not interesting.  A lot of people who liked the movie will think "I can't get into this movie", I can't recommend this movie.   The actors are all OK.  Don't waste your time with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to see this film and I was very excited. I read the book and got very excited by it. But it was not until I saw the trailer that I was completely overwhelmed. It was so bad, I literally ran from the trailer room to the theater. It looked so fake. It didn't have the depth of the story or the feeling of the book that I had read in the book. The director should have used some of the actors who could have brought the depth to the story, but didn't.  The director was also extremely boring, which I am glad to say because I have read a lot of good books in my time and found that I don't usually enjoy a lot.   All in all, I have to say that this movie was extremely disappointing. It had some nice shots of the main characters and they all did an OK job. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to see this movie for the first time and it was a very boring movie. I mean, really, who could enjoy a movie that has a plot with the same old jokes and characters over and over again? This was the movie.  My favorite parts were the scenes in the beginning and the scenes during the first 15 minutes. It was just dull and not funny, and I did like the scene where the bus driver was talking about the old movies he has seen in his life.  The movie was not funny and was not entertaining. It had just one funny scene and I found that boring.  This movie could have been funny but for all the talent in the world, this movie was a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story begins in the year 2022, a year after the last world war. The global situation, like all the other "global horrors" of the last century, is dire. We have an abundance of resources, and food, and the government is not responsive. A lot of people are losing their lives, and not just in the cities, but in the countryside, and this movie is no exception.  What I did not like about this movie was that it tried to portray a "new world order" that would replace current industrial society, which is what it has been portrayed as. I didn't like it because I think it's far-fetched to imagine that a future society that will never have the resources to feed itself will somehow magically create an abundance, or even survive on it's own.  I also didn't think that the story was very realistic, or was not at all what I was told. I did enjoy the very "surreal" ending, which could have been better, or the fact that they used CGI a lot to create the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this movie could have been a great movie if it didn't have the special effects that were used, the characters, and most of all the music. I have seen many movies, I have even seen better. This movie was terrible.  The story was just plain bad. It had no real suspense, the camera work was not interesting, and the acting was poor.  I guess I like a lot of Sci-fi movies. This one was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a cheap thrill-seeking cash in the bank. It's actually worse than the last one because it is actually a complete failure.  The movie is completely and totally one-joke.  I saw this film for the first time about a year ago and was completely disgusted.  It is absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen.  If I could, I would give it a 1,000,000 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I have to say is, when this movie was first released, I was very disappointed. I thought that it was so low-budget, and the actors were so wooden, that I gave up on it after the first few minutes, and I have been looking for it ever since. I was amazed that this movie would get a 1.  I would like to see it again, because I am still struggling to comprehend what I have seen on TV, and all of the recent movies, and this one was no exception. I just wanted to give a few examples, but I don't want to give anything away.  There are a few scenes that are too long, but they do nothing for the story, it's just unnecessary.  This movie is so low budget, and there is absolutely nothing good at all.   It's just sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the whole movie, and it was a big disappointment. The acting was bad, and the whole thing was awful.  I really wanted to like this movie, but I can't. I mean, it was like a 90-minute movie with bad acting. I gave it a 2 only because the action was so lame. The plot was stupid.  The ending was completely misleading and the only happy ending I saw was that it was all about the angels and how they were the main characters.  Don't waste your time, watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that people make a habit of watching. I mean, if you don't have a sense of humor, you're probably better off sleeping with your dog.  This movie is so bad I didn't laugh a second time, and it's not that I blame the actors, it's that the plot was very predictable, and the movie is, well, just awful.  My wife and I were just talking about how we had to go to the bathroom to find something to drink when we got home, and we both said "What was the purpose of this movie?   I mean... It wasn't that good, I was mad, but I'm glad we didn't waste money on it."  And the ending is... I'm not sure what. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit to not being a big fan of "Dillon" or "A Streetcar Named Desire", but this film just doesn't have any real entertainment value. It is a collection of bad performances, bad story lines, bad sound effects and just a bunch of very bad people doing very bad, very low-budget, dull work.  If you like seeing a lot of bad actors do very bad work, or if you just want to see the movie, watch "The Man In The Mirror". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is about an eccentric old man and his daughter, who get an offer to go on a weekend swim in a private beach in Florida. On the weekend before the swim, the old man is killed by a mysterious, yet unknown assailant. The movie, though, is the result of a couple's attempt to get revenge on their cheating husband for cheating on them.  The movie has nothing to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's unfortunate that such a good film is a low budget film. I found myself laughing and not at all because of the humor. It wasn't the humor, the character development, or the script that works. It was the wonderful performance by Alisan Porter and I'm glad I didn't spend my time discovering this gem. I have seen far too many of his films, which were funny and at least made me laugh, and I think this one was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst of the movies. The whole thing with the acting and the script is just terrible. The characters are not realistic and it is not funny. I am not sure how this movie ranks a rating.  I watched this movie and it was really terrible.  If I were in the mood to watch this movie I would probably kill myself.   If you want to watch a funny movie don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about the pursuit of a killer in a small town, and as a result, it's full of cliches, cheap thrills and a ridiculous ending that just doesn't make sense. The whole movie is set in a shopping mall in a bad state of emergency, with the cops constantly on the look out for every potential suspect.  What's even worse is the acting. The movie's not just bad, it is bad. The story is full of cliché's, the acting is poor and the ending is lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing new or original about this movie, the movie is nothing more than a cheap remake of a bad 80's TV show and nothing more.  The characters are dull and uninspired, the script is weak and the movie just doesn't work. The movie is, without a doubt, a typical TV show or something like that.  I have seen the original show about 5 years ago and I found the movie boring. The acting is terrible and I think the movie could use some great acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that made me laugh was the idea of a remake of Ghostbusters. It seems that there is some people out there that want to re-do the classic Ghostbusters movie, which would be awesome, considering the remake is nothing more than a copy of the original movie. The story is weak, and it is even boring. The special effects are good, but the film itself is not funny. It is a complete failure of all the great things that were made for the original.  My rating is 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had high hopes for this film, but what I saw was nothing but a disaster. There was nothing interesting, nothing entertaining, nothing. It was just bad. The acting was terrible.  I felt like I was watching a remake of something else, and I wanted to shut the thing off.  The plot is stupid, and the ending is bad.  It was all downhill from the beginning, and it wasn't that funny, the acting was bad, and this is the story of one lonely, hopeless, unhappy person who finally gets what she deserves.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie started with a bang bang bang, which could only mean the beginning of something great, but after a few minutes it's not good at all. The story of the little boy that is caught in a love triangle between the father and mother of the boy and the mother of his brother is boring and boring and should be dropped altogether.  As far as the movie goes, this movie is not that bad at all, but it is really nothing to do. The movie is nothing more than a waste of time and the ending is nothing to be proud of.  If you want a good movie with a good ending and a bang, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title suggests, this is a remake of "Cannonball" in a more extreme way. It's like a movie with a script that doesn't read. It has a stupid story, a bad script and an annoying acting. And I don't know if this was the director's intention to make a C&C-movie or what his intention was. He was probably trying to be "Citizen Kane" but in his hands he turned "Caronball" into a C-movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First let me say that I am a big movie fanatic, and am more than willing to go watch a movie that I don't like if there is any truth to it. It's obvious that you've got a director who is a complete hick.  The film is so bad, it was hard to even notice that it was an atrocious piece of garbage. I mean, just take a look at the score.  First, the story is a pile of clichés. Every time the story attempts to be original, it ends up falling flat.  This movie is a disappointment from the word go.  Don't waste your time watching this movie, even if you are a hardcore movie fan, and don't watch it unless you really, really hate people who hate bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What really annoyed me about this movie was that the acting was bad. I mean the story was bad and the characters were flat.  The acting was so poor I didn't even enjoy the story anymore, even after I saw it. It reminded me of a bunch of high school graduates in the early 80's that all got a little more cocky than the rest of the class. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the makings of an action/drama filled movie and it ended up being a complete waste of 92 minutes.  The movie was a complete failure in every aspect of it and i would recommend for anyone to waste their time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a film where people are cast to make a film of science fiction, but have to do so without the necessary knowledge or skill.   The script fails to explain anything of interest to the audience, which in the end is no doubt because the director is one of the most important people in the world.  It also fails to entertain the audience and to create an interesting film.  The cast are mainly of non-scientists. They are so badly-chosen actors that it is difficult to imagine why they do it.  I really cannot believe that a group of people with this much talent and self-discipline have allowed themselves to be involved in such a waste of time.  This is not the only film of the kind that I have seen that fails to take itself seriously, nor is this film of such poor quality that I am astonished to see such a mediocre film. In fact I am amazed to see that people waste their time making such trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning I was very impressed with the movie. The plot was not bad. The acting was bad. I did not like it very much and I think it's a very bad movie, but not that bad. In the end I was not impressed with this movie. In fact I think the movie could be the most disappointing movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I'd like to point out that my favourite series is the Star Trek movies, since I thought the best of them was Star Trek: Voyager.  I agree with the last reviewer that there's a bit of nostalgia in there for the Klingons, and I agree that the Klingon salute to the Klingans is a bit outdated, since the Federation took so long time to finally have the honour to have them acknowledge their existence.  What we got was the first Trek film, which I thought was the best, so I watched this to see if it was good, since it was so poorly directed and filmed.  After the first hour or so, I found myself getting annoyed and I was completely bored throughout the whole film.    I was able to watch it without really caring, but I guess I just needed to get a bit more out of it.  So I don't think that the first film was too bad, because I found it a bit slow and un-realistic. The plot was a little weak, and it seemed to be slightly rushed. The script didn't have any mistakes, the characters were a bit confused.  The story had no real surprises and I really don't understand why they didn't make it better into the second hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title, "Gloria: An Insult to the World", comes from the title of a novel written by one of the main characters, an Irishman named Billy Mulligan. It is not very easy to find the story in the novel. But there is the book "The Lives of Irishmen", written by Peter Davenport, a respected scholar in Ireland, who has edited the book in the same way that James McGrath edited "The Dublin Rennaissance" (which also features Davenports' commentary), so that it can be read as a straight documentary. The book is a little too long and does not delve into the history of the Irish rebellion, so it is a bad shame that the movie could be so poor and misrepresent the events of 1922 as it did in 1936. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was absolutely awful. I mean it was bad and the writing was bad. I think that the script writer, David Mamet, could have pulled something together that actually made sense. If you actually read the book you'll see what I mean. It's a bad script. I'm telling you, this is one of the worst scripts I have ever seen. I have never seen anything that bad in my life. The script just says "Watch me!" And I do mean watch me. I will literally watch anything I see, even if I'm sitting in a library with my dog and he doesn't even get me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you like to see an indie film, then this is the movie for you.  This film has been given a rating of 4 by IMDb users, so I decided to take a look at it and see what I could.  I saw the movie at a screening at the local theatre and there were a lot of people in attendance, but I did not pay for it, as I thought it was a good film, and I would watch it just to see my friend.   It is a horrible film, not even the soundtrack is good, the camera work is awful. It is poorly directed and the acting is worse than a bad indie film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few months ago, the news of the film's cancellation made me sick. So sick that I was scared to be living near the site of the filming. I didn't know where this was. I went out one night and saw the film again. It was still scary, it was still dull. It's hard to describe how awful it was, I mean the film is just bad, the soundtrack is bad, and there is no real plot.  I guess the good news is that it was cancelled because the movie had nothing new to say.  In conclusion, if you see this movie, don't go out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't worth watching. The script is bad and the ending is predictable. The plot is weak. The cinematography is OK. The music is OK... the score is not bad, the special effects is not good... the movie is OK..   This is an insult to a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm an American and I love horror flicks, but I was looking for something a little different, and boy was I disappointed. The only movie that I've seen that made me hate it more was "Gilligan's Island" - and that's not a compliment! The movie is about the relationship of a man and his family to a woman who has the same needs as his family. The main characters are stereotypical of every single person in a horror movie, and it becomes so annoying that you actually want to turn the movie off after 10 minutes. It becomes a torture that just becomes dull and tedious after watching it.  This movie has absolutely nothing to offer, and if you're looking for a good horror flick, I'm sure you can find it elsewhere.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise is a rather standard thriller, although the performances are mediocre and some scenes are interesting, and it starts to drag. The pace is slowed down to a crawl by a series of overly long scenes, which is a shame as the pace gets slower and the story is predictable.  It is just so much rubbish! It is a bad film and it's rubbish!  The characters are all so one-dimensional and the ending is so predictable that I'm surprised that it didn't make the DVD release!  It's just so bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who likes watching Bollywood action-flick films, I find the film very disappointing. I was expecting something like Karisma or Dharam Vipul Shah to be shown in the film. I also found it very disappointing when the director showed the girls as sidekicks for the hero in some of his action films. I mean, come on! I just don't understand how Karima and others became his wife, and what made Ajay Devgan so unhappy when he found out he was having a wife and family life. This film just made me angry because of the sheer ineptness of Amitabh Bachchan and others in the cast.  All in all, the film was so bad that I didn't even bother to watch the end, which was a total disappointment.  I give it a 3/10 for all the songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was disappointing, disappointing and just plain terrible, bad acting and plot. This movie was really really nothing more than a repeat of the 'Worse Movie' I had seen with my kids and they hated it, even more then this one. The only really funny part was the 'filler', the 'plot' was weak and the 'joke' parts were all the same, not funny.  I have no idea how this film got to be the #1 worst film of all time, the only good thing I can say is that the sequel was better then this and was not as funny as this one was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's hard to get a handle on this movie. It's not well done. It is boring, badly directed, and boring.  I gave it a 3 for being so short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. I'm really not sure if it is made in a good manner. The plot is very weak and very boring. The music is terrible, and the editing and the movie makes the movie a big disappointment.  The acting is bad, and that's all that I can say about this movie.  My rate: 3/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to make a list of the worst movies I've seen.  This is by far the worst film I've ever seen. I was really looking for something else but this one was a failure.  I'm going to start by expressing my disappointment in the film.   The story is not believable.  The acting is bad and the directing is bad.  In fact, this film is a complete waste of time.  What really sucks is that the movie has nothing to offer, and is really, really not even entertaining.  If I were you I'd have to be very choosened to waste your time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie a waste of time.  This movie is really bad. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid and the jokes are stupid.  The only thing that was funny was the beginning and the end. I don't think it is possible to make this into a funny movie.  I just saw this movie. It's horrible. The movie was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not the worst film ever made. I found this film to be dull, dull and uninteresting and very simply uninteresting. I can honestly see why people hated this film, but I don't.   This movie was awful. It was so bad I wanted to punch it.  The acting was awful--it was bad and I'm still talking.  This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was on the movie when it started, but was able to sit through the whole thing. I would have rather watch a 3-hour movie, but there was no story line to it. The acting was bad, and I have to say that my stomach hurt from the terrible dialogs and acting. The movie looked like the old Scooby Doo cartoons from the early 90s, except they were fun. I mean it was just awful.  The only funny parts were the fight scene in the beginning, and the one where the little girl is shot and she falls in the bushes with a bad wound. That was funny. I have never laughed so hard at a movie, and this was just an embarrassing moment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, the camera pans over a desert landscape and you can see the outline of the desert.  This is a bit strange. The story and the narration is strange. You are not even sure who the main characters are.  What kind of movie.   The direction is poor.  The acting is not very good.  I think it is best Serbian movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not just bad. A movie this bad.  There are a few funny jokes. And even these don't count. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title might sound like a metaphor for the movie "The Mother" but it really isn't.  The mother is the main character of the movie, who is played by a very young Jennifer Aniston. The mother's name is Mary, and she's played by an equally young Lauren Bacall.   It's unfortunate that there are no characters other than Mary that are really interesting or even likeable.  Mary's mother is played as a very dumb hick who is probably the only person who is going to be entertained by this film.  If the director had been more aware of the fact that there is no character other than the mother, he might have been able to find a more interesting story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst film I have seen and can be counted on one hand. It is, without a doubt, the worst bad film I've seen in my life. The director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a bunch of kids in a school yard. There's a fight with a dog and a bunch more. This is followed by a bunchne of kids running around and one of them gets hit by a brick and ends up in hospital with a broken arm. This happened at the end of the movie.   The rest of the film is a bunch with some good acting and bad special effects. The special effects are pretty good, but the kids aren't too good at everything. I don't think I've ever seen a kids movie that had such poor effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen "The Jerk" a couple of times and I found myself not caring much about the film as a whole, which was very disappointing, and was rather expecting it to be as great as I was. The problem is that this movie just comes across as very dull and not much else to say.  The acting is not really good, and the only decent performances were by John Cusack and Rosanna Arquette, both of whom had very good performances. The story is not even good, but rather is very boring and uninteresting. The only good performances are by Arquett and Rosalba Neri, both in their early fifties. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First of all let me say that I'm an IMDb user (for those who have no idea what I'm talking about, it's not that I don't understand the concept of an "account") so I will give you the benefit of the doubt. I understand that this is supposed to be an "exploitation" movie. I'll admit that.  Secondly, I don'nt really understand why the whole thing turned out so bad, it wasn't because of the actors (who are really good, I'll tell you why, but I'm not one of them) but the script...it was soooooooo terrible that it didn't even entertain! I mean I could understand that the "plot" was good, the "arc" was well developed and the actors were good...  Now the whole movie...it wasn't good at all! It wasn't even interesting, it had no "poetic" quality, it was just a cheap, boring movie with no real message.  It's not really that bad, but it's that dumb.  I think this is the worst film I've ever seen, and I'll say that's not even close. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I am not a big movie buff, but I really wanted to see this movie.  Well, there are a lot of bad movies, and I saw this one on TV and after a few minutes, it seemed to me that it was no longer interesting.  The acting was bad, the movie was boring, and it was not funny.  It was no more interesting than the first few Star Wars movies, but it wasn't a good movie, just a bad one.  If you like bad movies with bad acting and bad plot, then I don't recommend this movie to anyone, even if you are a huge Star Wars fan. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts promisingly, with a bunch of very attractive women getting together in a local bar. They decide to make out - they are all very attractive and have very little to offer the other. It is pretty much a repeat of "The Woman In The Mirror" (also titled "The Man In The mirror"), and "The mirror in the garden"), except this time it's about a woman in love with another woman. The main characters are all pretty normal looking - they look like the average local pub patron with no real life experience, no real goals, and no real clue about life. There are no real characters and the story doesn't go anywhere. I really could not see why people would want to see this film. It was just not my cup of tea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the movie this afternoon in an acting class and I have been reading some of the other comments since. Well, the acting class had nothing to do. They didn't even know the plot! And the only other person in the class who knew the movie was about an African American family was one of the instructors! The plot is so bad, I cannot believe what I just witnessed, I mean, I was sitting there with my friends and just listening to them talk about how it was. The only thing that was funny was the plot, the characters and the way it was filmed! It was so bad and unbelievable I gave up halfway through the movie. I had to ask myself, "Did I just waste the good time of my life?"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad I was wondering what the hell is going on, but it wasn't as bad as I had hoped, I'm glad it wasn`t all that bad and the story wasn`s good, and not some bad rip off movie about a woman who is getting old and getting fed up with all this crap and I`m not a fan of the genre, but I did think it was pretty cheesy, and I thought the whole movie was about that and nothing else. I`s a bad story, I can`t wait for it to end.  I really don`t think I can like this movie anymore. I just don`ve watched it all and I think I`ve given it the all time it needs. The acting is horrible, the acting is bad and there`s nothing else, I think the whole thing was just a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few things that I found to be of interest...    First, the acting was terrible, and that could be due to the actors, who were good, the story itself, the way the story was written, or just the way it looked... I don't know. The best explanation I can come up with for that movie would be that the script was awful.  The script was horrible...  If you're going to watch this film... please, just do so in a manner that it will be enjoyable to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that I am a fan of all the actors and actresses, and I am not going to waste any of their names. I can't tell you how they are doing their lives, but they sure are acting like they want their careers to be big. I was going to go and see a movie with some friends to see a flick. I decided to watch this film instead of the "Beautiful Creatures", because I was so bored watching it that I had to shut my eyes, turn my volume on full blast, and try to focus. It was terrible. I mean, it was really bad. The whole film was like I was watching a horrible movie. I had hoped for something better, but it didn't come true. This movie is an absolute waste of time. The only thing that is good about this film was that the music was not really good. It's very dull. I guess you could call it boring, but I don't recommend it to anyone.  I have seen all the movies that are supposed to be good. This one is really bad, and the rest of them are just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this film I started getting all kinds of tingles. Was the story really bad? Was the dialogue really terrible? Was there really no flow? This was not like the "Gilligan's Island" of the 30's and 40's. It just seemed like the director was really wanting something to happen and nothing else. This is really a big disappointment.  I think the ending is a waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first part of the movie, we meet some sort of a priest who comes to the rescue of a girl who has been raped by her uncle. The priest is so scared by the uncle's actions that he goes out into the woods and tries to rape her again, but is stopped by a group of people including the uncle. He gets killed, and the uncle is the one who gets blamed for his actions.  The movie is basically just a collection of people who just wander in and out of the woods screaming for help. We get no explanation for what these people are doing or where they are. There is nothing at all that is interesting and I mean, not interesting at all.  It is also boring in parts, but at least there are some decent performances by the actors. The movie really is a collection and I did not laugh or care what the actors did.   I just think that if you want to see a good movie, then this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are looking for a light hearted comedy that will not leave you cold, you will be disappointed. If you want to laugh with friends and you want them to laugh you will leave the movie room cold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolutely awful movie.  There is absolutely no reason why I would waste my time on this movie. The script is so poor that I could not understand what was happening, and what was being said was not even in English.  The main story is about the three main characters, their interactions with each other and their relatives, who have to live their days, and how this leads to tragedy.  As for the characters, well, you can tell the story from their actions in the beginning to the last few minutes.  This movie is really just about useless, unnecessary and poorly made movies, and I have not even mentioned any special effects.   I am really surprised at how many movies about this kind of stuff are made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't find words to describe how awful this movie is. I'm a film student, and i'm always open to watching anything, but I'll be damned if i don't give this movie a shot.  I just saw it, and I found it very extremely boring.  This movie is completely unbelievable. It isn't scary, it isn't dramatic. It's a bore.  The story is a typical horror movie with a predictable ending, a boring, predictable ending and nothing special.  So, in conclusion, I give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, to be honest, I think this movie was a stalker movie. The story was predictable. The ending was weak. The acting was horrible. The plot was lame. I mean really, really bad. The special effects was bad. It's a stinker that should be tossed out the window.  I mean, this movie sucked. The best part of it was the soundtrack. The way the acting was. The direction was really bad, the story was stupid and the ending was so lame. And that's not just the music, I'm sorry. The sound track was awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't good enough, it has too much action and I think that people who watched it could imagine that the movie would be any good, but that's the point. It's not supposed to be a great movie, but it's a bad one. The action is very cheap, the story isn't exciting, and the ending doesn't make up for the effort put into it.    The only way to get this movie is to go and see it for free on the internet. That's the only way I can see why this movie isn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with some good-natured comedy, but I get more and more annoyed by the characters in the movie, and what the director is trying to say.  A few laughs were funny, but for me, it was the worst movie I have ever seen.  The story is not funny, and not even really worth a comment.  It is a big waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with a friend of mine and she said that it would be a good experience. I thought it was funny. It is not a very funny movie. It has bad acting, bad script, and it's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me start by saying that I like it. It was one of the worst movies I've ever seen, so don't expect much from me, and you won't even be disappointed.  The story is stupid, the dialog is terrible and the script is just terrible. There is no real suspense, the acting is horrible, the sound is terrible, and the result is that the whole movie is completely boring and not worth the effort.  If you want a good movie, don't see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I've never seen anything like this before! I watched the movie and after 20 minutes it turned into a complete disaster! First of all, I love the story, the action, and the special effects. It was the worst movie I've ever seen. I'm not even going to comment on the movie, because it's already bad enough that I will be insulted by the other comments. The movie is bad, and I really don't care if you watch the movie only to find the story or not.  I'm surprised that this movie was nominated for a couple of Emmys, because I thought that the story of a group of people that wants to be astronauts and to one day find out that there's no planet out there to like.  The movie had too many plot twists and too many things happened at once.  My advice is to stay away from this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It starts in the beginning and is just slow and monotonous. It is about a group of girls, one of which is a doctor and the other a housewife. The doctor is a nice person and the housewife is not. It ends with a nice ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film was something that was so very bad. If it was based on the true story, then it would be like "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" from "Animal House". It would be more like "My Pet Sematary" or "A Day At The Museum"  This movie is very un-funny and predictable. It is not funny at all.  I'm not a big fan of animals or animals at all, but this movie is so bad I am not even surprised by it.  This is not a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the most predictable horror/comedy movie I have ever seen. It is a collection of cliches that is neither scary or funny, and I mean scary.   I do like the last half hour of it, which is nothing new.  The movie is so predictable that I actually started to feel angry, and just to get that out of the way, I had to shut my eyes and turn it off. I felt like I had seen a really bad movie, and that I was watching one of the lamest films I have seen in my life.  This movie could be a good film in a high school class, but I would like to see something more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a way, it is reminiscent of "The Man In The Moon", but this is much more of an insult to the audience than an actual story. This movie was not bad, not interesting and not interesting at all. There is little real action, only the movie is filled with boring characters and it is very difficult to distinguish between one of these two. The movie is badly directed, it looks like it was filmed on a green screen and there are some interesting effects, like a car being propelled by a giant red moustache. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 40 minutes of this film are pretty good, but I don't see why. I am a big fan of Steven Soderbergh, so I watched this first 20 minutes with high expectations.  Then I started to understand why. The plot is weak, the characters are boring, and the ending was not too disappointing. The ending, on the other hand, was absolutely stupid.  So, what happened?  Well, the movie was very disappointing.   I guess this film has a few good scenes, but they are so brief and over the top, and I really can't believe that Soderberg and company managed to shoot this film in 90 minutes.  The good scenes were okay.  But then, I just watched it again and realized something: wow, they don't have to make this anymore.  Now I'm getting kind of annoyed by how good it is, and it really isn't because I don´t like Soderh´s movies, it just because of the acting, direction, editing, or special effects.  I give this a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not easily entertained by a film as such, but the fact that I have to write this review tells me that this movie deserves no more than a 1. I watched this movie, thinking that it would be an interesting look at the relationship of a man and a woman who are attracted to each other. But the film turned out to be a piece of garbage. I mean, come on, if you are a person who loves watching a movie, go watch "The Man With The Gun" instead of this trash movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen several comments in my life about this movie and I have to say that the movie is an insult to those of us who saw it in the cinema when we were little kids. I thought the movie was very boring and very dull. The music was not interesting at all. I would have to admit that I am a music snob and I really could not sit in front of the TV and listen to any song that has been played. I just did not understand the plot of the movie at all and I was shocked that such a bad script could be made. I think that this movie was probably the worst movie I have ever seen. I am going to keep asking myself what kind of a movie is this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just a poor rip off of "The Exorcist" and "The Ring"  The story is about a doctor, Dr. Michael, who gives a talk on the dark side of the force, and the people that he has to kill.  He has to go on killing people, in this case his wife, and he does so with his own hand.  The doctor is also a victim of the dark forces, and his wife is just another one.  This is just an awful movie, but nothing special about it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were watching this movie, I would have had to leave the room and just watch it for myself. The acting was horrible and the plot was not realistic. The special effects were horrible. The whole movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the movie could have been a lot better than this. It could have had a lot more suspense and suspense, and maybe not to scare the audience at all. And I do think the acting was horrible. The movie was bad, the story was not suspenseful, the movie was boring, and the ending was not at all disappointing. The plot was boring and just seemed to be there for the thrill of the movie.  This is really not a good movie. It is a bad, boring, cliché' film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was badly filmed in the bad way. The characters were all one dimensional and the story was nothing more.  The best part of the movie was the casting of the main characters, and the movie has nothing new to say.  A waste of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing more to say about this film, than what has already been said. I am very disappointed with the cast of "Whipped" (Penny Young) and "Tango Fruits" (George Clooney) for doing the same kind of movie with very different stories.  This film was not a masterpiece. It was a pathetic attempt to show the crowd how much the American people are willing to watch, and at the same time, put some kind of plot behind it.   The ending was just completely ridiculous. It left everything unexplained, and there were no resolutions. There were no explanations, no resolutions, no resolution. There was nothing to recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that this movie was bad was because the acting was bad and the plot was bad. I have to give credit where credit is due, the good guys did great job, the action was not amazing, and the cinematography was very very flat, and that was with out any action sequences. The cinematography and editing was way above average, it was amazing and creative. The best part of the movie is when you have the good guy's in the car in the beginning of the film shooting at the bad guy in the train. He has a good gun and he is so close to the bad guys he is moving slowly. It took me five minutes before I could tell that it was all fake, and i can only think of one movie that was that good, that is "The Naked Gun". I was stunned for five minutes.  I really did not like the first 10 minutes of the documentary, the scenes were OK, the camera was steady, and it was interesting to see the other characters in the movie.  This movie has a very weak plot and the actors are OK. This movie is not good enough to rent, unless you like watching bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't really see why this movie was made, i thought that i would be able to enjoy it if i thought it was made in the 80's. It was made for TV, I mean TV, when it was actually made and nothing special happened to it, its all like "Well lets get back to the story and then we'll be entertained". It had no real story, I know that TV shows don't usually make stories, but the story is so bland that it really has no redeeming quality and i think that a lot of the other people that i've seen with it just don't seem to have any sense of humor, i guess I'll just leave it with you and hope that i can at least get some laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was bad. It was boring.  There is no suspense. The plot is nothing to interesting. The director doesn't have any good performances. The cast is too much like reprising some of my favorites from the 80's and 90's, like the Mork and Mindy show. The story is about a couple of frat guys who are bored to death and have taken up boxing to escape their boring lives.   I don't know why this movie is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was absolutely awful - it had no story line, the acting was poor and the film-making was a major disappointment.  I'd say if it was made before 1999, it was an interesting film, and this is no exception.  The movie is a waste of time and I hope this is an indication of the director's lack of faith in man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been reading through all the comments, and they have really been brutal. The only one that was funny was the scene in the beginning where the woman and the doctor were sitting at a window and they were talking about their feelings. The ending was so awful. The movie is so incredibly un-funny, I could have written a whole book on how bad it was.   I really don't know what the purpose of this movie was. It was so corny and not so depressing I had to fast-forward through it and get up and walk out after 10 minutes. The acting was terrible. I laughed out loud at the end and felt like I was at the dentist office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am very easily entertained by the latest blockbuster flicks. I have no idea what the hell happened with this film. It has some nice moments but it is nothing special.  It starts out okay but goes from boring to simply bad. In the end the characters are so bland I stopped caring.  I have never been a big fan of horror films, and I have seen more than 1000 horror flicks since. I find this kind of movies to be very boring, with the acting being so wooden I just did not care about them. I guess if I did was not a fan of movies like this one I would have probably give this one a zero instead of a 1.   If I could I would give this movie a zero out of 10, it would be a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As others have commented, this movie was so bad I almost died.  The ending was bad, the acting was bad and the story was a big load.  I guess I should leave it on the video to be watched by my kids, but that's the only reason I watched it.  It's not worth watching the end alone.   I give this a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very bad. It was not funny, very stupid. The whole movie was bad and not funny.  There was no reason to watch this movie.  This is very low budget movie with bad actors. The movie could have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with the movie is that the script is so bad I couldn't understand it. The movie had a few good moments, and I think that was mostly due to the acting. The script was so bad and the script was such a bore I had to fast forward through the whole movie and then fast-forward to the parts that were good. I'm sure the actors in the movie could have come up with a better script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that I saw this movie was because of my girlfriend who saw it when she was drunk. The only thing that I found funny about this movie were the plot line. It was not funny at all. I mean I found myself laughing at the jokes that I heard. The girl was too cute. She looked like a little tomboy and I was wondering why she wouldn't have sex with the guy. The guy was a complete idiot. It's not that I think it's a movie about a girl being tormented and I find it sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my girlfriend who was in a coma. The acting was bad. The story was bad, and the ending was just awful.  The ending is the most anticlimactic and unbelievable thing I've ever seen. The plot is like a piece of taffy.   I mean the movie was good. I mean it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I do?  The movie was disappointing and predictable. I mean, how did the ending come so late in the movie. The acting was bad, the dialog was stupid, and the acting was all over the place. The movie has a really stupid plot. It's just all crap. I had to turn the DVD off at the end. I'm surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the worst movie I've ever seen and I don't know how anyone can come up with a plot that isn't bad. It was so bad I couldn't stop laughing. I just kept on watching because I couldn "t get my eyes off my face".  The acting was terrible, the characters are completely one-dimensional and the script is just crap.  I am glad I didn't pay money to see this movie. It is so awful that you can't understand why I gave this movie such a rating.  This movie was bad from the first 15 minutes. The first hour was good and that was all. It wasn't funny at all.  There are some good acting scenes. The acting is so bad that you wonder if it was done by a scriptwriter with a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off promisingly. The viewer is drawn into the story, as it should be. Then we are introduced to a character called "the one eyed killer". He has a tattoo on his shoulder that says "I'M THE ONLY ONE". He lives in a shed. We learn that the other characters are an annoying mix of bickering teens, one armed cop and a serial killer. The characters are so un-threatening that the movie was unable to go to the screening room, as they did not manage to convince the audience to get out of the theatre.  There is a lot of violence and gore, but the movie is so badly directed that the violence is hard to bear. The acting is poor, the acting is bad, the story is poor and there is no real story. The direction is terrible. The story is weak and the script is not interesting.  It's not even worth a rating, I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has got to be the worst movie I've ever seen. It's not even really that bad. I can't even find the movie, because the title, the story, the script, the direction, everything is so terrible. And the plot is completely unbelievable.  I can see why this movie is being watched by those people, because of the title. The title has nothing to do with the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I can see, this is the only decent horror movie that I have seen. And I know horror fans will be offended by the title. So, yes, it has that. It also has sex. And the music is bad. The actors are terrible. The story is weak, the plot is silly and stupid. I gave it a 3 because of the score and the special effects. The special effects are laughable. The plot is not good at all. And, the acting... well, the movie is just bad. I'm shocked that a bunch of talented, seasoned professionals such as the great Michael Cule and the great James Woods managed to get such mediocre performances out of such mediocre people.  As I was watching this movie, I was amazed that it lasted longer than it did. The only thing that kept me watching was that this movie was so bad that I actually started to enjoy it. I really hope that I can stop watching this bad movie, because I am sick of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing i can say about this movie is if it was really bad i would be more than disappointed i did enjoy the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I have ever seen. The plot was predictable. The acting was horrible. The story is terrible. The characters were not interesting.  The only good thing about this film is that it made it look like an amazing masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think I would have to say that this movie was completely crap. I am really surprised by the acting. It's bad. The story is really boring, and the characters are all so one dimensional that you can't even recognize them anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story starts off with a bang and is about the return of the Demon, one of the most evil things on earth. A demon of some sort returns to the world of mortals, but the mortals (a girl and a boy) all have a very weak faith in the Demon. This leads to a series of events that would be best described as an atrocity.  This movie is just a collection of cliches, with the Demon in the bottle, the Demon with the sword, and more. The ending is a real let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is terrible and the script is even worse than a 1st season episode.  This was really awful.  The writing was horrible. The jokes were stupid. The plot was completely senseless. The worst part was the way the characters are.  If you have to take my word for it, "Worst movie I have ever seen." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not in the least happy with the direction of this movie. In the first quarter, it was funny. The humor in the movie is so corny that I was actually sick of it.  In the middle of the movie, I was thinking that I had to get up and walk around and put some clothes on. I actually felt like I was watching the movie again.  I don't know why this movie is being played on the same day as South Park. I thought that the jokes were not funny, not funny at all, and I was sick of hearing about how terrible it was that people hated this movie, but I am glad that people were sick of the jokes because they weren't able to see the humor of the other jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt to rehash some of the points made in the first series of The Flash, but in doing so, it does so in such a way that the story gets muddled and the flashbacks are incoherent and the pace of the flashbacks is just too fast for what was happening at the time.  The characters are also just a rehash of what has been said in the last two films. I felt like I was watching a bad version of "The Flash" in the same way that you would on any other television show.  In conclusion, this is just not good television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen "The Deadly Spawn" or "The Tall Man" you've already seen this film. If you're not, then this film is for you. The premise is ridiculous and idiotic at best. The characters are poorly developed and one dimensional.  The plot is so bad, it's bad that I gave it a 2 out of 10.  I'm honestly surprised that this film was able to get a rating of this much from the general public.   This film does nothing more than try to scare the audience, and there is not a single scare in sight.  Avoid this film, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie is like a soap opera. People are constantly complaining about how hard it is to believe how many things are going on around them in this modern world.  This movie is no exception.  There is an overwhelming amount of people that watch movies solely because they are so bored with the story.   The movie is an embarrassment.  The only real good thing about the movie is the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film a big disappointment. I don't know what happened with it. I can't even tell you why I'm such a big fan of the movie. It's a big lie and it's probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The acting was horrible, the writing was awful, and the plot was so stupid that I really couldn't understand the whole thing.  If you want to see a good movie, watch The Movie Maker 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot was awful. It was too long. The acting was terrible. The special effects were bad. The script was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a bunch of nothing. I watched it only because of the fact that it stars the great Michael Clarke Duncan (who did a great job in this film). The movie is a bunch more crap than an over the top trash movie. I mean, come on. It really sucks, and then some. It is a horrible movie. Don't waste your time with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a local film festival and it's pretty hard to know how to feel about it...  I am very much against bad movies, I think they should be more honest and try to be funny with their messages.  The plot is weak, the script is bad, the acting is bad and the direction is terrible.  This movie isn't funny and is boring, not good at all.  If you want to see a good movie check out "The Big Chill"   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is really nothing new to say about this film, as I said in the beginning. So, I'll just add that I like the idea of a man who becomes a hero because he's killed in the line of fire, and then becomes a legend because he was killed in a freakish way. I have to give credit where credit is due.  The plot of this film is very stupid and could have taken place any number of times. The hero gets killed and returns with nothing more than a bloody wound, the hero is haunted by the death of his wife, and his final dream is to become a ghost.  This movie is an embarrassment to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had potential, but it got a bad push from the producers of this movie.  This is the movie where you get the impression that they are just making a parody of the great 80's TV show "Gilligan's Island" (the plot is similar to that show) or that it is like a remake of the pilot episode of "Citizen Kane" (which was a lot better than this).   I am going to watch this movie and I hope I am the only one who has made a film as terrible as this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad, it was good.  The acting was poor, and the plot was not even good. The plot was weak, the characters not well drawn, and you end up not caring for any of them.   The movie reminded me of a bad American movie, except for the plot, and I really wanted to like it.  I could, and did.  If you like low budget movies that are low budget, go watch this one instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie was a masterpiece of an over-dramatic piece of writing, but I must say that I don't find the film to be that bad. It is a big disappointment and could of been better.  It is nothing more than a waste of time.  I like all the characters, and in the end i really do, and i am sad to see them get killed off.  All in all it wasn't that bad, and it has a good ending, I guess.  Overall, i give it a 1 out of 10, because there are some good performances.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read reviews before, and I think that the new film is a bit over the top. It's a very low budget film, the lighting is poor and the sound is bad. It really is.  This is one of the worst films ever made. I would really like to see something more entertaining.  The film is very, very bad, the story is very bad.  I don't know how I watched this, but I didn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are only a few things that make this movie so awful.  Firstly, the plot has changed. This movie was so bad, the acting was so poor and the direction was horrible.  There were only a handful of scenes that were interesting and had some kind of meaning to them, and those scenes were good enough.  The cinematography was very uninteresting.   It wasn't funny.  I can't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely no story line. A bunch of losers play poker, and then one by one starts throwing money at each other. One man throws $5,000,000 to another, so the total pot is $1,000. The guy throws a $10 bet, so now the total is $20,000 but the guy wins $10,000! He has to pay the losers $1 million for a loss.  The movie starts well enough, and it turns out the guy is actually a professional. He's the one playing the game with his buddies.  This was the movie that really started the poker trend in America, and i don't think that trend has ever ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some great films. I haven't seen a lot of them and I like most of them.  This is a very bad movie. There is no way it is entertaining.  The movie reminds me of some very bad American films.  What was wrong with this movie?  It could have been a great great comedy. I just hope that they get some good actors involved in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that does not have a plot or even a purpose to the existence of it. The movie is merely a vehicle to make money on and does not even take a proper story of how the movie is supposed to be made. It is all a vehicle for money and I have seen worse movies with more money and better actors and this movie is worse than this. I would have rather paid $100 to see a really good movie made by a director that actually shows a decent sense of humor.    This movie is simply not good and it is not worth spending more time with, it is all just a vehicle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a result, "Panic" is an insult to any movie that has not been shot on a video camera.  If you like the B-movie genre, then go for it.  It starts out with a slow and methodical approach to a story.  The only thing that saves this movie is the fact that the script is so muddled.  You know how it ends. A couple of hours later you realize it has gone downhill.  "Panics" is a movie that is just not good enough to be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was horrible. The only good thing I can say about it was the acting. The script was bad, and the direction was bad. The story was bad and the only good part was the beautiful music, and that's all I can mention about this. The movie was like I've seen the film many times before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts off well with the main characters getting killed off and the rest of the movie pretty much follows along with the killings. This movie is so incredibly stupid and so badly directed that I give it a 2 out of 10. The movie itself was the worst movie ever, the acting was bad, the story was bad. It's just that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a good film, I recommend the following. It's just not what you'd expect from a horror film. The script is interesting and I think the film is great. It also features bad acting.  The story is weak, there are too many unanswered questions and it's all just a bit boring. The best thing is that the ending has a twist ending and I didn't like it. It was not as good as I had hoped for.  I think it should be removed from IMDb as it was made a bit silly, I've heard a lot of bad comments and I like them. I can't imagine it was very enjoyable, I'd give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to confess, I had to see this movie on the basis of a friend's comment, which basically says that it was "so bad I wanted to vomit" after watching it". The movie was so bad that I could barely take my eyes away from the screen. The acting was awful and the plot was so unclear, you really wanted to take it back and have it all explained to you in detail, just like in the case of The Godfather.  The ending is so unbelievable, that I gave it a shot. It was a terrible ending to a bad film.  I give this a 1/10, but that's a very generous rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not even worth watching the first 10 minutes of the movie, I mean the story is so bad, I have to ask myself why I watched it. The acting was bad, and the story was terrible. I think the movie had potential to be a great masterpiece, but it was really bad. The characters in the movie were dumb, had no emotion, and all of a sudden you can tell the actors are going to have to go and do some real work, and there was no real chemistry.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch The Great Santini, and that is a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not very entertaining. The plot was not good. The acting was bad. The story is bad.  The special effects are the only thing that made this movie worth watching.  I really did not enjoy this movie. It is not worth watching the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was in a coma. I had seen "Vigilante" and "The Corpse Vanishes" and this movie was nothing.  I'm still in a daze from this movie.  My friend had to be the "hilarious" guy for this movie, as they had to have been to many movies, and he was the only one who saw this movie and actually had a good time watching it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a sad comment that I have seen all of the films and was very unhappy. There is not much special about the movie except for the plot, which is a bit more advanced than most.  The script is very poor and the direction is poor.  I am not able to see why people were unhappy. It is really sad that a director/writer can make a movie about a disabled person who is happy with his life and has no time for anyone else.  It is sad that the main character has a family who are disabled and are in dire need of help.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is really really really bad - it has a really bad feel to it. It's really disappointing - it's the worst movie I've ever seen. The story is weak - you can see the story behind it - and that's all you need to know.  I really do hope the actors who played the leads and got paid a decent amount. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all I am not going to criticize the plot of this film, as I am one of the people who likes to watch a good movie. The plot is, I found it quite funny, but the actors played so many parts I didn't recognize them at all.  The film had some great cinematography, but it was mostly natural cinematography. There was some great scenes like the movie opening where the camera is focused on the beautiful scenery and the actors are talking about their own feelings, which i don't really understand, but that was not enough.  It has some nice scenes and a lot of bad acting.  Overall, i don't really like this movie, as it doesn't have much of a plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I've seen. I mean really bad, really bad. It's bad, it's not funny, it isn't exciting, it really is not entertaining at all.   I'm trying to figure out how I feel about watching this movie. The only thing that was entertaining was the soundtrack, which consisted of 90% of the music from the 80's. It really was awful, and it really just was not funny.  I don't know, but it's really, really, bad. I wish I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even begin to describe the horrible movie that was released by the Disney Channel. It was awful. It wasn't funny, and at times, the characters didn't even act like actors. It's nothing more than a typical kid's film. The story is stupid, the animation was boring, and the jokes were poor. I gave this a 2 because of the score by "Hud" & "The Voice" creator, George Lucas, who used to be a famous stand-up comedian.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is bad and boring. The acting is bad, the movie is bad. The movie is terrible. I am surprised at the very low rating.   The movie was disappointing. It is just bad.  It's an average movie.  I guess I should just give up and give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been watching the movie for about 5 years now, and it still haunts me.  The acting is horrible, the story is predictable, and the script is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I'm trying to watch this film on TCM, I find it difficult to find words. The whole film is so over the top and the characters are so one dimensional that it's hard to even find one person that doesn't fit in this category.  The plot is so poor and the acting is poor that it is difficult to even call it a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story was boring and the only funny part was at the beginning when the characters are walking through the woods looking for food. That was all. The only funny parts were at the end when the credits ran and you could see the actors smiling. It was so annoying. It wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a kid when I saw this and I thought it was great, but I was wrong. I mean I've seen tons of bad movies, I know a lot about the history of movies, but this movie was terrible.  The plot is weak. I'm not sure what they were trying to say, but it's so bad that it's good.  I don't think that there's a single person who would recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film about a woman (Ajay Devgan) who comes into the town, looking to be a house maid, finds herself working in the house of the new house's owner (Kapoor Mastani). When her boss (the head of the household) discovers that he has fallen for a house cleaner, he is horrified and takes out a gun to kill her.  Ajay is saved by the accidental discharge of a bullet in his shoulder, which is then confirmed by the hospital. Later, he learns that his wife has also been shot and is in the hospital as well.  His wife is found to be bleeding from the mouth, and he is rushed to the hospital where he learns he has also lost his wife.  The doctors discover that he had a large amount of blood in his system, and that the entire wound is infected. They take his blood and decide to treat his wife for the infection, but they fail.  Devgan is then rushed to a hospital where they discover he has contracted the blood-curdling STD (the STD is in a woman's vagina, and can spread to her mouth). Devgan's condition worsens as he is given several medications, but Devgan and Mastani decide to give him another shot.  It is then that Devgan comes in contact with a man (Nadira Kamil) who works in the community, and the two become infected as well, and both die.  One night, the hospital comes to Devgan to take care of him and she informs them she has contracted this STD, so Devgan contacts the man (the man who contracted the STD) and they both tell her to stay at home and refrain from work. Later on, Devgan tells them they are both infected and that she and the man who infected her must be the same person. So, as the hospital calls Devgan for help, the man tells them to stay in their own homes and refrain work.  While the hospital is on his way, Devkin (Kamil) contacts Mastani (Nadeira Kamili) and informs her that he and his wife are infected as their own wife has contracted a STD, and has since passed it on to his wife's friend (Nafira Kamila) as well as their neighbors. He also tells her that Mastani is the person he has to be afraid of, and they have to pass the STD on to each other.  In the meantime, Devil is
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is bad and uninteresting, and it has a plot of being a remake of the great film "The Shop Around the Corner", which is about the Irishman who takes his wife to the seaside town of his birth.  The film is really awful. It has the same look, the same acting and the same script.  It is just so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. I watched this movie thinking it was a great piece of art, but it is just a big piece of bad acting and bad directing.  I can't even understand how people can think this movie was a masterpiece of art.  The plot is weak and the only real action takes place when the movie is over.  There are really no moments of real life to be found. The director and the actors are all bad.    In conclusion, this movie is nothing more than a boring waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie thinking it was just another "Citizen Kane" or "Jaws" type movie. What I got was a movie with a plot, direction and no character development whatsoever.  I have seen a lot of movies and this one is by far the worst. I have yet to see anything like this in my entire life. I just saw it for the second time with the same girl and I am surprised how she didn't fall in love with it after she first saw it.  There is not a single believable or interesting moment in the entire movie. The movie's only good point is that there is not enough blood in the water to allow for a believable movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had a really bad time watching this movie. The plot was predictable, the jokes were very silly and unoriginal, the characters not so much caricatures. It's not even like a remake of "A Man Called Sledge" or the old "Bend It Like Beckham" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is the point of reviewing this film other than to criticize it in the most obvious terms?  As I've said, I'd like to be able to enjoy the story that I'm seeing, but that's a very unrealistic request. I am not really sure why the producer and the filmmaker felt that it was necessary to make such a film and then just have it show it to the public and get them to think of it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the second attempt at the remake of The Great Race. I have seen a lot worse.  The plot is bad, and I don't recommend anyone go out expecting this movie to watch The Great War again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was stupid, the dialog was bad, and the ending was just plain awful. It was a very very, very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's an old adage that states that if it were a comedy it would be funny and the cast would be better. Well, this film is a comedy. If the cast were better I wouldn't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is stupid. There are about 6 or 7 scenes that I could see in the beginning, where the plot has potential, but not enough to keep it interesting and not able to develop it further.  If you want to watch a good movie, this is one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is a good one, if you watch this movie for the acting and the plot, then this movie was probably good.    This movie is about a bunch of losers, who get together and try to make the perfect movie, for the ultimate movie, "Hollywood Homicide"  I guess you have to give up on it now, because if you want to see the REAL movie about the REAL HAPPINESS, you will find a better one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very surprised by the performance of the "nice" Mr. Gere. He has not really given us anything close to real. He is not a real person.  But he is a pathetic "nice guy" that plays a very stupid movie and ends up ruining the very fun movie he made a year ago. The whole movie is so predictable and boring I wonder if anyone could have fun watching this movie. It has nothing to recommend this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this film was because I thought the ending was too corny, but I guess I wasn't in for the big deal.  The acting was bad, and the movie itself was just a pathetic pile of turds. The story was tacked on like a bunch of cheap movie that I wouldn't have dreamt up. The actors are the worst actors I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my friends, and everyone else, because it's a stupid movie. I guess it was a dumb movie, but it wasn't that dumb. The acting is horrible, the script is weak, and I just can't understand how it managed to win the Oscar. It's not funny, and the plot is weak. The movie is just plain bad, and that's the only reason why I watched it. The only funny part is the scene with the girls kissing in the beginning.  The only thing that I liked about the movie was the last few minutes, and it was really bad.  Don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that you could easily make up on a weekend afternoon.   If you want to watch a comedy with your friends and want to laugh out loud at it, you could do better than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few people that can say that this film was bad, the other comment that I could not agree with was "The Last Picture Show." The title should have said "The Only Movie That Makes Me Laugh." This was not that kind of film.    The acting was horrible, the plot was non-existent, and the ending was one of the worst I've seen. The story was stupid, the acting was bad and the movie is just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an acting lesson, the following advice should be given:  If you're an actor, avoid watching anything that contains this kind of plot.  The actors are generally good, and the story is badly developed, with a lot of trivial details that aren't necessary to develop the main plot, and a lot that isn't necessary, like "The end of the movie is the end of something."  The ending, in fact, was the only good part.  This movie is bad, bad, BAD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed about this movie is that it starts with the music from the first movie. It was really annoying and I could not really enjoy it.  The main problem with this movie are the special effects.  As far as I remember, this movie was a very bad movie. The characters were stupid. The movie is boring.  It also reminds me of the first days of the movie.   I mean, it's not like that bad. It's a bad horror movie. I would give a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a big fan of the film as I am. It was so bad I had to turn it off. The last 5 minutes were bad. It looked like a bunch of friends got together and made a film together. This is bad.  There were a few good moments, but that was the only highlight of the movie.  I guess I'll just stick to the DVD, but it's not that bad. There's no story, the acting is lame and the camera is shaky. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the movie should have been the next "Citizen Kane" or "Cannonball Run". If you have the good sense to see this movie, do so in honor of the one man who was the inspiration of this movie: John Rambo.  I know that this movie is only a few years old. It is no longer a cult classic, and more of a "B" film than a cult hit.  The movie is basically about two men who make up a story that is not credible. They make a plan to use a land mine to kill a military training team and a former Vietnam combat veteran, but they end up going on a killing spree.  If you liked Rambo, then this movie will not be bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the review of this film. I thought the plot was a bit thin and the characters didn't seem to react very well. I think this film has many many bad things that are not very exciting and just look like people doing some choreography and then a few moments later, it turns out that you have a few good shots of the dancers doing their thing and not very good. Also, the acting was not very impressive. A few of the actors were good.  Overall, I did like the story and the acting. The film is not worth spending more time on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film by chance, and saw it at the beginning with a friend of mine and thought I was going to be blown away. So I started watching, and the whole thing was a huge disappointment.  The movie was so horrible that it was actually enjoyable, the acting was so bad, and so was the story line.  If you were hoping for a cute little story, I would strongly advise you to stay at home, as watching the film will just make you sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few words to say about the film.  First, let me state that I did enjoy the music, which was by the very nature of the film music.  It seemed to me that the actors were okay, but the story was uninteresting. It seemed that it could have been a good film, but as I watched it, I just felt it was boring.   I didn't like it that much, and I'm glad I did, because otherwise I wouldn't have.  Second, I don't think that the script was very good. The actors, aside from the beautiful Jessica Alba, did a good job, and the direction didn't really do a good thing.  Third, it felt like a really crappy movie. The ending seemed to be rushed a bit, and just seemed like they were there for the hell of it. The plot wasn't much, but what was there to say, I guess.  Fourth, the special effects are quite good. I would have been happy with more realistic looking special effects, or maybe a more powerful script.  Fifth, the ending was not good at all. Jessica Alabar was the main character. She's nice, I'm sure.  This is really, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was not as good as I expected from a movie that came from France, it was quite boring and the movie wasn't boring. The script was not too bad, I mean it was so stupid and predictable, it just wasn't that good. I think the movie was a waste of time.  I did like the movie a lot, I just wished it had stayed on a little longer. The whole movie was nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is cute. I can't believe how this movie was made, because the premise is so ridiculous. There are no redeeming factors to the movie. No one comes across as funny. I mean, the acting is so poor, that I couldn't believe it when I saw it on TV. The plot is so bad, that it's a shame to waste my time watching it.  I mean come on, when you can make a movie about the British government paying for a homeless person's trip home, and then use that same homeless person as the main character to make your movie even more idiotic, disgusting, and awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A little over the top. I like the way they show the little kid getting hit by a baseball bat. The animation is so grainy and the story just seems to be running to long... I think it could have been much more entertaining had they shown more of the fight scenes and less of the baseball bat fight scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film such as this is a waste of my time. I can't even write one sentence without having my mouth open.  This is possibly the worst film I've ever seen.  I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone, even if you're really desperate.  The actors are very un-qualified, the direction is bad, the cinematography is poor, the acting is bad... The film really needs to be cut. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible and I can't understand why this movie was so boring. The special effects are laughable, the cinematography is crappy, the writing is crap. I am not a fan of sci-fi or cheesy movies, but I just can't sit through this one. I mean, a few people have said that it's supposed to be a romantic comedy about space cowboys, but it turns out to be the worst romantic comedy ever made.  I was very disappointed with the movie. I don't recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie called "A Nightmare" has been a very bad movie for years, and is probably one of the worst horror movies I've ever seen. I'm not kidding. This movie should be removed from the public.  I'm going to say it all in one sentence: I cannot stand it, but I have to write that I saw this movie and I have no idea why. The acting is terrible, the writing is horrible, and the ending is just awful.  As a horror movie, I was hoping for a little more, and I was very happy. I was watching a movie that had nothing special about it. The only good things were the sound and the special effects.  The only thing that could have saved this movie was the fact that the special effect was so bad. I really do not understand.  This movie is probably the worst movie ever. I would like to see it removed from public view. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title implies, this is a straight remake of the original movie. It is not. It only reiterates the original film's points and it has the same name. I've seen the remake in the theater, and it was awful. The movie is not funny and has no message. It reminds me of a movie made by a 15 year old kid who made the movie with his friends and was shocked when his friend made fun of the movie by telling him, "Did you like this movie? I watched it with my friends and we couldn't stop laughing after the first hour."  As for the original, it was pretty funny, but I'd say this movie is a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really terrible. In the beginning, the plot was very exciting and I was very interested. The movie started out well but after the first half hour i started to really get impatient. Then, the movie ended completely. I could still tell that something was wrong with the movie.  I watched it to the very end and i still cannot believe that the movie is one hour long. It seems like they edited the movie to suit the story and that's the only thing that kept me watching. I also wonder why did they have to cut the movie at the very beginning and not at the end? If you have to watch this movie, i would strongly recommend avoiding it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a matter of fact, I don't remember a movie that I didn't see in the '70s that was more painful to watch. I saw it in the early '80s, and that was nothing. I thought the plot was bad, but I was wrong.  The plot was, well, bad. The acting was bad.  My mother, my sister, and I sat in the theater watching it. And I was disgusted that it was all so fake.  I mean, what a waste.   I really hope that the producer and the director were forced to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I like horror and the other flicks of the same genre. So this movie should have been much much scarier. In fact, I liked it very much, and this movie was more like a collection of bad horror flicks. There were many bloody scenes, and when the movie started, you could tell it was going to be a bloody movie. I just think there are too many movies with a good script, but good production and a good story to work with.  This is the kind of movie that has no suspense, no good story and not good special effects, but an interesting direction and some good gore effects. So I give this movie a score of -1/2* for the very lowest rating of the "10" horror film rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty bad... I mean, what a joke. If I have to rate this movie, it will have to be the worst movie I have ever seen. It is not funny.  The plot is stupid, the jokes are lame, the editing is horrible. The characters are stupid and the movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was OK, the script was terrible, and the direction was OK...  I didn't really like the movie, but it wasn't bad enough to be watchable. It wasn't that bad that you could just fast-forward through it, but the plot was weak and the movie just ended at the end.  I don't really know what the main characters were doing in the movie. I guess I just don't get the story, I just get the ending.  My vote is 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a complete waste of film. I would rather watch a good documentary about a good movie over this film. It is beautifully shot, beautifully acted and beautifully crafted. I have seen many films with a similar theme, but none have come close to this brilliant master piece. This is an outstanding performance of a documentary that should be shown in a school course. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is horrible. It is not even funny. It has bad jokes and bad acting. It makes the worst comedy ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I know, this film was bad. And I don't see how anyone can give this a score of 10. This is just a bunch of b******* s***.  As for the acting, it was terrible. The special effects were just bad. The story was bad, and the story was just bad and I can't even explain how bad it is.  My friend said "it was just the first half hour, you could have come up with more creative and interesting dialogue". I laughed out loud because I thought "this is just the worst movie I've ever seen".  As to the rest of the film...if you like to watch a bad film, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a group of guys that have made their way to the bottom of a giant bottle and are now forced to compete in a swimming contest, which is the only way they can achieve the dream of becoming the best swimmers in the world. Of course, there is a catch, which has to do with the fact that the contestants are not really swimmers. The reason they are not swimmers is because they can't swim! The movie is full of useless and meaningless elements, and at the end, there really isn't much to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was released to the public on July 19, 2004 by the producers of "The Amazing Race" on ABC. It was billed as a comedy and a thriller about a female doctor (Kirshner) and her personal journey in search of her own destiny, but instead it is a dull, unbelievable piece of crap. The cast is awful.  A good portion of the movie is spent in flashbacks of the real Dr. Kirsh in a hospital bed. She is being visited by a psychic (Dillon) and the hospital administrator (Mancuso). She is then visited by Dr. Verhoeven (a doctor who specializes in hypnosis) who has given her some sort of message. This is a bad thing.  The movie is also filled with random scenes and is filled with plot holes, but it is not the worst movie I have ever seen. The only good thing in the whole movie is the ending, which is not good.  My final rating is a 2 out of 10, because I was a kid at the time I saw this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film on the first day of the festival in Cannes. I think it was a good choice as there were some serious and funny performances by both actors.  The story is bad, and I didn't feel any urge to fast forward through it. It was boring throughout and was very dull at times.  My favourite movie is 'Panic'. I have to see it to be able to write an essay about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have been a fan of "The Amazing Race" since my freshman year in college. And to be honest, I have really liked it since I saw it on television last year. I've also watched this movie hundreds of times since and it never gets old, just becomes tiresome. I don't understand. There are a few scenes where you can see some characters and the movie just seems to be talking about them instead of the actual racers.  I was so bored watching this that I wanted to call my parents to come over and watch the movie again, so I turned it off. I can't even express how much I hate this movie. I think it should be removed from all the bad movies in the theaters and put in a vault where people could watch it with their families.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a film student at Wesleyan University I was excited by a movie which was set to be released at the end of the year. So when I saw the film I was anxious to watch it. I am not usually one to complain about film.  Well it did. I had no idea what to expect. I saw a trailer for this film and was really excited.  The plot was weak. The dialog was bad. The acting was poor. The director/producer had no talent.  This film would have made a good film if I had been there to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I would like to say that the story is a bit hard to follow. I am not a big movie fan but this movie is absolutely horrible. It is bad acting, very bad special effects, not to mention the movie is very stupid. And the story itself is very boring. I think this movie will appeal to the dumb people out there.   As a movie viewer, I find this movie to be very boring and a disappointment.  The movie does have some great special effects and the movie has been dubbed in 2k. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the most terrible movie I've seen. I saw it when I was in Thailand. I'm surprised it's still in there. It doesn't look like it was shot in Thailand or Cambodia. I doubt it was in the US. The acting is awful. The plot is very stupid. I have to admit the movie is a bore.  If you see it, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to waste much of my time describing the plot of this movie, because I have seen movies with much more plot. The only thing that kept me watching was the music in the movie. The music is awful. I think I would have been more bored watching the movie had I been able to sit through it. I also don't think that the cast of the movie were all good actors.  I do wish the movie came with an ending. I would give the ending a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie is that it is extremely unentertaining and does not take into consideration the real world, its the movie is so bad, its not good at all, the movie was not worth renting, i have to see how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is bad. It's just horrible. I mean, I could take a bunch of zombies and beat 'em senseless, or I could watch this film and laugh at myself. I could.  I'm glad I didn't see this film when I was in a mood to appreciate it.  It's bad. This film deserves an R rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever. I've seen more bad movies, with less entertainment value than this one. I watched this movie because it had a few laughs at me, but it was just a joke. It is so bad, and this movie is so unfunny that I'm surprised it actually made it to production.  I can't understand why I've ever taken to liking it, because it's not a good movie. The actors and director were obviously just having fun. It's not even interesting, the script is so boring, and I really cannot believe that this movie has made it into production, because they don't even have the talent to do it.  In my opinion, this is the biggest waste of film in history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie about 10 years ago and thought it was quite funny. I was a big fan of Stephen Rea in the 70s, but this movie was just a pathetic rip-off of the guy's schtick and I mean schtick! The only funny part of this movie is the old man who is the star of it all! He was a total joke. It is a bad, boring movie. The movie was boring. I mean come on, this movie makes movies like this that are just supposed to be funny! It is really dumb and not funny. The guy is a jerk. It really sucks.  I really wanted to like this movie. I wanted to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a bad rip-off of the "Wizards" TV show. The only thing that saves this movie is if you are looking for an action/adventure type movie that will give you something to shoot. If you are a fantasy/adventures type movie, or even just a mindless slapstick movie, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie, and it does not qualify as a movie. I don't see the point of it at all. There are many moments where you feel the director's lack of vision and his inability to focus his camera properly. It was very distracting and it did not work as a whole movie.  I would like to see a more intelligent approach to movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has some good points, especially the performances of the three main characters.  The best performance was by the young Gwen Paltrow, who looks like she's going to have to struggle for a living ever again. She's a total bore and needs to be disarmed.  Paltow has to be the only one who's good enough to be in the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is like the endless series of bad horror flicks. It is so badly directed, poorly lit, and with bad dialogue that makes you wonder if you are watching a movie made by a couple of amateurs.  The script is a big joke. It contains a lot of meaningless humor. The script also makes a bad joke about how much of the movie was spent on music and how much time was lost because of that.  I just watched this movie. It was a waste of 2 hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's just the worst movie ever made. There's absolutely nothing good about it. There are no characters, and no development. The acting is bad, the story is bad. I've seen it, and I can't get the feeling that I haven't seen anything else like it. I know it was made for TV, but you have to wonder how bad it really is on DVD, because I've gone to Blockbuster to find this movie, and it's the worst piece of garbage ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the story of a man who is plagued by recurring nightmares about the events that occurred during his childhood.   The film begins with a man in his sleep waking up to find that he has nightmares. He begins to have these recurring nightmares. The nightmares become more frequent, as if he is just having them all the time.  After this point, he goes out and kills people in the hospital, and the hospital staff are unaware of his actions.  As he is in the middle of killing people, he is caught off guard by a police officer. When the man in the cop car stops at a red light, the man jumps out and runs. He gets in the car and escapes, and it ends when the cop catches up to the man and kills him.  This film was very confusing, with a very predictable ending and very poor acting. The script is not well written. The characters are not all that interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is weak and boring, and the characters are predictable and not all that interesting.  The script is bad, the movie is bad and the writing is bad.  I was very annoyed with the characters and the script, as was most of the viewers.  It's not the worst script ever written, but it was not a good script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I admit that this movie was made for a lot of money. But even for a low budget movie, it is a bad script. The movie was poorly directed and the actors were bad. The cinematography was bad. It is boring and the acting is bad. I don't know how they can watch such acting as this in a movie.  The movie is about a group of guys trying to make a movie about a gay couple in a hotel that is trying to find their place. One of the guys gets in the room and gets a good view of the gay couple and they decide to go to a different room. One more gay couple doesn't make for a movie and you know you have to go back to watching the other movies and see the other gay couples in a different hotel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about a bunch of old pro athletes, who decide to join a boxing club, and try to get to the finals of a boxing tournament by doing everything possible to get the gold.  This movie, which I have seen only once, has everything:  The worst movie ever made,  The most predictable,  Most boring and unbelievable scenes of the film  All of the actors are totally uninspired and  The fights are so lame that I gave this a 3 instead of the 1 it so richly deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (Panos,Torta,L'Isle)   Sound format: Mono 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is very disappointing and just not funny. It's nothing more than an excuse to make fun of something bad.   A big fat mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the only film that I have ever watched that was bad. It was very bad, very boring, boring, nothing special, nothing interesting, nothing. It is not scary, the acting is bad, the script is terrible, and this film is a waste of time and a waste. I mean, why bother watching it. This movie is a big joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is by far the worst film I have ever seen. It is so incredibly bad that I really cannot understand why anyone would waste his time with it. The acting is so awful that you cannot even notice the horrible script. The whole film is filled with meaningless scenes and tacked on with pointless plot points. If you are a psychologist and you are reading this review, you will have to give up and give this film a rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an insult to the real horror fans, who see horror movies solely to scare the hell out of their friends, who get freaked out by freaky movies. This movie has nothing new to say. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a group of college students in a Spanish university who are caught in a serious slump in their lives. The lead character is an overly friendly, slob by the name of Peralta who is obsessed with women's breasts, which he has gotten to enjoy through his work at the university. One by one, other students join the cult of Pereta, and together they form a pseudo-zine of sorts, in which Peralt uses his fame to try and get his fellow students to join the bizarre cult.  The plot is nothing really special and the cast is mainly used as props for the slob film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't bad, nor are it really good. It's a very bad movie. It really looks like it was done with a low budget. I think I'd rather sit through the whole movie, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really unfortunate that the majority of people don't understand how this movie is supposed to be.  In the beginning, it was nice, but then it becomes too predictable.   I understand, as other have pointed out, that people don;t enjoy the film as a film, so it's not the worst film I've ever seen, it's just that I don't find it very entertaining.  The script is too much like a bad, bad script that would never get passed as a screen play, and the script doesn't have enough entertainment value to keep you entertained for long periods of time.  I found myself getting bored halfway through and not caring about the rest of the movie.  There is nothing here that I haven't seen in a movie that was better.  This movie isn't worthy of your time, even for a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is that I just don't like the movie. I found myself bored the entire time I watched it. The plot is extremely stupid. The movie was so terrible. I felt like I was watching a really crappy movie. The cinematography was way too jumpy and was very blurry.  The acting was awful. I could see why people are offended by this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really, really bad. I mean, the acting is bad, the plot is bad. The movie is bad at every moment. The only good is that the ending is really good, and it is really really disappointing. I really don't see how it could be that good. I can't see why people would expect anything other than a happy ending, which this film has. There is no happy ending in this film.  I have seen so many "great" movies in my life, I have lost count. I don't know how many there are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's so bad about this movie, except to see the plot?   I am a huge B list horror movie buff, but this movie just fails to be interesting. There are a few moments, but the whole movie is like watching a bad episode of the Scooby Doo show.  In the beginning I thought that it was going to be good, I was so wrong. The beginning is soooooooo predictable. And then, it just gets worse.  And then when they are finally fighting the monster, they all just run into each other in the hallways and they're not even shot or killed. And this was supposed to be suspense, but you really don't have any suspense, because there is no suspense at all.   The whole movie just gets old, boring, predictable and boring. The only interesting thing is the good old B list cast of supporting actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am glad I watched this film. It had a really bad story, bad acting, bad script, poor special effects. It was really really really not scary and I did not laugh at all the jokes.  So the acting and the script was really bad, and the movie itself was a real waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do you know about the movie? The premise is a really bad one and the movie is actually very bad! It's a very stupid movie and there's nothing special about it, the whole movie is bad! The script is really stupid! The directing is bad and the acting is bad. I really think this is the worst movie ever and there is no way to avoid it, its so bad that I couldn't stop laughing and just left the theater.  The ending was really stupid, it was so stupid that I didn't even like it, it just ended, and the whole time was really boring! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the DVD of this film from Walmart and had a gut feeling the film was going to be terrible. I couldn't be more wrong. It was so bad, and the acting was so poor, that I turned it off about 15 minutes into it. I really wanted to see something, and I got the worst ending I've ever seen.  The plot of this movie was stupid, the dialogue was weak and the film seemed to go nowhere.  I am going to give this movie a zero, because that is the only good thing about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of this show and I was looking forward to it. It was one of the worst shows I have ever seen, and it was one I was really looking forward for.  I was expecting a show about a high school teacher who becomes famous after being caught sneaking into a high security area. And he ends up in a huge fight with cops and is killed.  The acting is so bad it was painful. The plot was so poorly thought out I was actually crying. The show is a waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this movie for $3.99 on DVD after seeing a trailer.  The plot line is, there are some bad guys and they want to kill the bad guys.  Well, this movie is really bad, and I think I can honestly say that I saw nothing interesting or exciting, and that is one of the reasons why I rented it.   The acting is bad, the script is bad. The director just doesn't know when to quit, and there is no real story. The story is, if you want to know the truth, I recommend you watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that started the first Zombie Nightmare film in the middle east. A very poorly made movie. A lot of zombies are shot in the back of the head, one by one, with no one around to help them, except one guy with a flashlight. The story is about an astronaut who lands on a desolate planet and kills everyone, in the dark.  The first two Zombie films were good, but the ending of this film is just stupid. I'm glad they didn't go on to make another one, but this film was a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's an extremely bad movie. A few things to say about it.  The story, which seems to be one from the beginning, is pretty boring. The dialogs are awful, the characters are boring and nothing is interesting. There is nothing more to say than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts with a bang bang bang, with a lot of people shooting, the music is awful, and the plot is a joke, the ending is a let down, and this movie is not worth any notice, and I'm not sure why it's not rated PG-13.  This is a typical movie, a very poor made one. I guess it was an accident, or maybe I haven't seen such poor made movies in a long time. This was so bad that I gave it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What are we supposed to see in this movie? - a bunch of people dressed up as clowns and witches - and the "twist" ending.  The only good thing in this film is that the music - the soundtrack - is BAD! It's the only thing that saves it is the acting of Michael Ironside.  And that's really all there is.  I can't recommend this movie because - no offense - it's just a bad flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is about a man who gets revenge by his former gang for a crime he committed years ago and now he's bent on revenge.  I like the movie and am glad I don't see it in the theater where it could have been easily avoided.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What really happened is this.  A young actress, Amanda Peet (aka. Amanda Peete), is a struggling artist who is on the verge of a career as a professional. She is working in a gallery with the help of her father, and he has to make a living for her by convincing people to look at her work.  This film is poorly shot and poorly acted. It's not funny, and the sound is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the main question I pose concerning this film is: Why did they ruin it?  The answer is simple: Because they wanted to paint it like a masterpiece.  The acting is bad, the plot is bad and I mean bad, and I'm not one to give anything away.  And I love how the only guy in the whole movie is good, I mean really good, and that was the only good guy in this whole film.  I just can't wait to see the ending, I know that's coming, but I hope it will be at least hinted at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot was bad. I mean it was bad, it was horrible, the characters were bad and i just saw it for the second time. The acting was bad as well. This was not the first time i have seen bad acting. In fact the last time i saw it was not that bad. This movie was terrible. The ending was terrible, it would have been better if there was more of an ending. I think it was a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the result of a bad script and a very bad directing and acting, and I found the movie to be utterly pointless, the ending is just stupid and the plot was stupid. I didn't feel that the movie was very good, I just thought that it was boring and the ending was just stupid. The movie didn't make me laugh at all, I felt like it was very forced. The ending was bad, the acting was terrible. The characters in the movie were not likable at all. I think this movie was a waste of time and I am glad that the producer of this movie took the time to learn from his mistakes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I like about this movie is the music.  It's just horrible, it's very boring and I think the plot is bad. It's not that I don't like good music, it just doesn't suit the movie.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anybody, really. It will be very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented the movie from the video store, but the movie was so bad, I decided to watch it on the weekend.  It was like a sequel to "Aliens," which was just so much better. The characters were all so dumb and not realistic. The story was so unbelievable, and I can't believe people actually expected it to be a movie about space travel and discovery.  I think the movie would have been a good movie if the actors had acted in a believable way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the same way as I did with "The Sentinel", this movie is a failure. It is not interesting to watch the story of a father who is a hunter and a mother who is in need of a heart transplant, and the two meet on the trail of a group of animals. It turns out that the father is a psycho and the mother is a mentally disabled woman. They both seem to have some weird fascination for animals and try to kill each other with food.  The movie is about these two strange mother and son who are trying to survive and survive on land and animal life, and they end up being attacked by animals, which they call "monsta" (monsta being a combination of mother and child).  The mother starts screaming and the son runs away from the scene and runs into the woods to get help from the authorities.  They stay in the woods for three days and one night in the middle of the movie the mother suddenly gets up and kills her husband with a knife and kills all the animals with their food. She and her husband seem to get along well and get along very well, and eventually they find a spot where they can kill the animals and they kill the mother.   There are some weird scenes, but this is the only real film that I have seen that had this much unnecessary gore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing that bothered me was the fact that the movie was made on a budget of about $6 Million, and yet there are scenes that look like scenes from a Disney film.  This movie is an embarrassment. It really is a bad film. The cinematography was bad, the editing is poor, the soundtrack is terrible, and the directing is just bad. The movie is not worth the $6 million budget for the sake of watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a bang bang, a huge storm, and then we are treated to the bad acting, terrible script, and direction that the producers should not have taken. This movie is nothing more than a big let down of a movie that has been filmed and edited to look like it was done on a really low budget movie.   I can't believe how stupid this movie is. It really does look like a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some bad movies, I like some of them, I liked the first one, but this is the worst movie I've seen.  If you want to see a good movie, you will have to go to the movie and enjoy the movie that is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who likes to read a book, this movie is a disaster.  The first 25 minutes were okay, but after that, I had enough.  It is bad acting and a very, very, predictable plot.  This movie should have been dropped altogether and treated like a movie, which it was.  I guess I could make a few good comments, but I just think that if you see this movie, you'll just be plain surprised how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real horror film I have seen that came close to being good, was this, and that's saying a lot. I think this is very much the only horror film worth even renting on the cheap. The special effects are laughable, the script is poor, the characters are cardboard caricatures of real horror movie characters, and the ending is just awful. I have to give up, the only good thing is, the ending sucked! This movie is very, very, disappointing. The actors are so wooden that you really don't care. The direction is so wooden, that you cannot believe it, that the director even wrote this trash.  I just don't know how to explain how this movie managed to be so terrible, I just do not know how this is. This movie just doesn't have any redeeming qualities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie last night and I'm glad I did because I was so disgusted with the portrayal of an autistic girl. The characters in this movie are stupid and all over the place. I can't even express how bad I was. I just could not watch it because I wanted to shut it off and throw it out. It was not even the plot. It wasn't even the characters. I don't know why it was so depressing to me.  The movie is very long and could've been edited much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie that I have seen that was funny was "The Shop Around the Corner", which was the only funny movie I have ever seen.  In the movie, a woman finds a mysterious note from her childhood and tries to find the owner of the note.  After that, the woman becomes very strange and goes crazy. She starts believing that the note is from a serial killer and goes out to the woods and kills people.  The end of the movie is really strange and is the only time I have noticed a creepy atmosphere. The movie had no scares whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big movie fan, i saw the movie in the cinema, and i am a huge Jackass fan... The jokes are bad and the movie is even worse than the rest of Jackass' crap. It's just bad... I mean, it's not that bad, I just like it because it is bad, but the movie itself is so bad, that it makes you wanna punch the screen. And the best part is that there are some really good guys in the movie who do funny, and that is why it's so bad...  If you like Jackass and don't like to laugh, then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were you, I would have left a tip of the hat to this movie... the script was bad, the dialogue was horrible, and the movie just plain sucked. I mean the movie is SOooooOooooooo.... bad acting, bad writing, and bad editing that you can't even call it a comedy anymore, let alone a movie. I am amazed at the thought that this movie could have been made and still be made.  I honestly feel like I have seen the worst movies in the world. This is no exception. The only good movie I have ever seen in my life is "The Jerk" starring Al Pacino, "The Big Chill" starring Michael Dudikoff, and "I Was A Male War Bride" starring Robert De Niro. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, that I have to see it again just to be sure I'm not hallucinating. It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I'm sorry I'm from Ireland. I have no idea what you were trying to do. The acting was poor and the plot was terrible. The characters were boring and I felt like I was watching a very bad TV show.  This is a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. There's no story line, no real reason to watch this movie, no special effects, no interesting shots, no nothing. It's just awful. The acting is horrible.  I have seen some movies that are worth watching for the story line. This one deserves to be treated like a movie that's made by a 3rd grader.  The acting was terrible. The movie made no sense.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are some movies with more action, like Rambo 3, The Terminator, The Avengers, Iron Eagle, The Matrix, etc... but this movie is a failure.  The movie is not scary, but boring.  If you like to watch action, don't see this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so amateur, the jokes so unfunny and the jokes just plain lame.  I'm starting to think that maybe I've seen too much of my life and that's why I have such a low opinion of this movie.  My family, however, was kind and loving. They were so dumb and left me alone all the time.   I didn't want to watch the movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, let me say that I am not a big movie fan, I am a real movie viewer. I can't see any good movies when I am sitting down and I just saw this one. I was bored throughout. The story was boring and the characters were uninteresting. The acting was bad. The direction was terrible. The movie is badly directed. The actors were OK.  My favorite scenes were the one when the family is in the living room and the conversation is over. The music was OK. The special effects were OK, the colors were OK...  I was expecting a good movie, I was pleasantly surprised. I got my money's worth... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're a fan of the 80's you will find this movie very disappointing. If you are a fan like me and want to watch the movie that I'm talking about, don't watch it! The movie is like a bad slap in the face to those of us that are mature enough to understand and accept that kind of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie is the best. The movie is bad, the acting is bad and the plot is crap.  The movie was crap, and the acting was terrible.  If you are a fan of the first movie, or are just too sick of bad movies, then this is not the right movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an example, I am a big Adam Sandler fan, and it was his "Funny" comments that got me interested in this film. I didn't expect it to be a very good film, and after the first half I knew it was going to be like "The Longest Yard". The director tried his best, and was rewarded with a movie that was not very funny. The characters were all one-dimensional and nothing more. The script was a joke-laden mess. The "romantic" moments in this movie were pretty corny. And there were two big "romantics" in the movie. It's funny to watch a movie with those two people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only redeeming quality of this movie is if you have been to see the movie "B" - which I have. The rest of the movie was bad, and I have seen more bad movies.   I don't know, I think I've seen everything. The acting was bad - I mean really bad. I mean, this movie was so bad that it made me sick.  The story was bad and it wasn't even funny. The plot was stupid. It was bad enough to be good.  This movie was a waste of time and money and time is money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A huge disappointment from a promising, yet surprisingly talented cast. This is the sort of movie that could have been so much better.   The acting is weak. There are too many plot holes, and not enough good acting. The characters are completely unrealistic and there's no convincing story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie so ridiculous... The acting is BAD... The script is terrible... The plot is not original at all... It's not funny at all. I found the movie to be so boring... The best part is the special effects. If you want to laugh you can find many funny movies that are better than this movie. If your a movie viewer don't waste your time on this movie... it will ruin your movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First let me say that I am a big Luke-Freeman fan. I thought that this movie was an extremely dull movie, that it didn't really have much to offer. Luke did make a good appearance, and the plot of the movie was the weakest link in the chain.  The story is set at a ski retreat in the snowy countryside. The film opens with a beautiful mountain setting. There are a lot of scenes set at the resort that are actually quite amusing, as is the case of the first couple of minutes.  However, there is a sudden change of scenery and the scenery is completely over-the-top, the movie just drags on and on.  I guess I will not recommend this film to anyone, I would suggest renting it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the worst movie I've seen, even worse than the other two. The plot is completely predictable and there are no suspense, no action, no plot. There are no characters, no real life and no real emotions. This movie is about a woman getting revenge on the person who beat her father. Her mother was killed, but she's not in the movie. The movie is a waste of time. I'm glad I watched this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you may know, there are three big movies in the world. One is the classic, the other two are horror movies and this one is just horrible. The classic is easily the worst horror film I have ever seen. The two horror movies I have seen are so bad that you wonder if there's a director in the entire world who's still got that skill.  The acting is pretty bad and the movie is, well, bad. The sound is awful and the picture is crappy.   This movie was terrible. And I really wanted to see if there was any justice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are a movie fanatic like me, this film is for you. If you see a lot of people in the theater, then this movie is for them. I know, the film was made for a lot, and it looks like it was made by the fans. But if you want to see a movie that is not made by fans, then watch this movie.   The only good thing that I can say about this movie, is that it is really crappy. It's boring, has bad sound, and has a really bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad it's embarrassing. The story is so unclear, and the script is so crappy you don't even care. The only reason to watch this movie is to see Nick Cage. He's the only good actor in this movie. He tries so hard to make this a masterpiece of art, because the whole movie is so tiring. The last scene is the only memorable moment in this mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this: the acting is very average. The script is terrible. The plot is very predictable. I even found myself laughing in a couple of scenes. The acting was poor and the direction was bad. I am really surprised that the movie actually got such a bad rating on IMDb.   The ending was really disappointing. The story is bad. The ending is really dumb. I can't believe the movie made such a mediocre ending.  I don't recommend this movie, even if you are bored and want to watch some good, funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a movie with a very weak plot, this movie is pretty boring. The first 15 minutes of the movie are a bit interesting, but after that everything becomes really boring. It is like you have been watching a bad horror movie. I mean, come on.  I gave it a 3 out of 10, and i really was shocked at the sheer lack of gore, gore, and blood.  The plot was pretty weak, there were some nice shots, but it was still not very exciting.  And finally, the end of the film. The ending...you really don't know what happened, or if it is still in the hospital or what.  So...this movie was bad, really really bad, and...cheesy... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. It is a waste of time. It really is. The only real "story" in this movie is the movie itself. I mean, really, how can it be that the director didn't know that the movie he was making was really, really bad? And this was the only "story." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing I can say about this film is how stupid it was. The acting is so bad I'm having to look away from the screen just to keep from vomiting. The special effects are so cheesy, I was having trouble sleeping the entire film.  The film is so god awful, I mean, come on, what's up with the flying saucers? They don't even look like real. I mean come on.  It's sad that people thought this was a good film, because it wasn't. The film only had good reviews because it was only shown on ABC Family Channel. This could have been a great film, but instead it only got an R rating from 4-year-olds.  I've only seen the movie once, so I'm going to assume this movie is for kids, and if so I'll try to give them a little entertainment. I give this movie a 1.5/10, and a rating just for that reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this movie it was interesting and seemed interesting at the beginning, but after the credits I was waiting for something to happen. It never happened. The acting was terrible, the script was terrible. I gave up about 5 minutes into it and the movie was so bad it was good. I was really mad that I had sat through it and now that the movie had ended I was just glad that it didn't go any further. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot line in this movie was really dumb. I really wanted to like it but was really not impressed. It looked like it was just a bad remake of "The Naked Gun". I mean, it had the same plot, and not as good as "The New World" and not at all as "Naked Gun".  And it was all just a remake.  The acting was bad. All the actors in this film were bad.  I mean that is really something. I would have liked to see all the actors, and even the actresses in this, in a way. I think it would have been better if they tried to make the movie like "The Good Girl" from "Guns, Bullets and Burgers" or something.  Overall, if you want to watch a movie that is a copy of "Nude Gun" and try to make it as good like "Good Girl", you will not see anything like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a way, this is like watching a horror movie. It is like claiming that you have seen an actual ghost, and you are able to make out what they are saying. The characters are stupid and do not act in a realistic way, and they are unable to communicate with one another.  The actors in the movie are not able to act, they are completely wooden and the plot is poorly developed and there is no real connection between the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What an insult! I really felt like I was watching a very bad movie with bad acting and terrible direction. The plot was not interesting, the characters were not developed properly, and the cinematography was poor. All the scenes and sequences were not interesting at all.  The only good thing I can say about this movie was that it was boring and not scary at all, which makes this movie even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story of an aspiring painter, who has lost his family and is living with his girlfriend and has to live by his own rules. The story is not interesting, but the acting is poor and there are a few well-written scenes in the movie. The only real highlight is the appearance of one character who looks like a real person and yet can only be seen in a computer-generated animation, so that it was completely lost in translation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is bad and the story is... boring. I mean really boring.  The characters are... idiotic. No story, no life, no real development, and no real story at all.  I think I might have laughed once, but it wasn't worth it.   My final thought, this movie is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie for the first time around a year or two ago, and I was really excited to see it. I was so discouraged after seeing it, that I fell asleep, and even though I was in the middle of the movie, I was still tired. I saw the movie again and got even more bored, so I thought to myself "Alright, now I'll give it another shot". I didn't think I'd seen a movie like this before!  Anyway, as I was watching it, I thought "This is so bad, that it's good". Well, it wasn't that bad!  I mean, I watched it, and it was a horrible movie. It was so bad I almost fell asleep. I mean it was so awful!  It was a bad film! The acting was horrible, and the movie was so terrible, that you almost wished you were a child again.  The story is about a guy, called "Dave", who's friends with a girl called "Amy" (the name means something like "I've got a really nice idea", "This could be great". "I'll do it", "How's this?". And then, when the time comes to kill Dave, it's "What?".  And then when the real Dave gets to kill the girl, and she gets "What?", he says "This? I'll do something else". And he does. "What?" He says. "I want to go and see a movie."  Okay.  This movie is about how bad Dave is that he doesn't know when to quit, how stupid he is, and how stupid his life is.  It's about a dumb kid who has a good imagination, and who doesn't seem to have a problem in any area.  I'm not going to waste my time on this movie, because it was, and is, so bad that I thought that I should warn you to stay away. I did warn you.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a general rule, a film's only worth watching is if it features a reasonably good cast of characters. A film like "The Last Wave" features a fairly good cast and makes for a dull film. I am not expecting a great film but a poor one. The plot is weak and uninteresting, and the script is extremely uninteresting. The story may not be good, but the characters are poor and the film is not even watchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that really annoyed me about the movie was the lack of suspense. The movie is so predictable, you really wonder why it is so boring. The actors are so wooden, they are really playing the parts of "a detective who is on the case of a missing person" and "the mother who is upset by the husband's infidelity" and the wife who is cheating on her husband. I really cannot see why this movie made so much sense when I was little. It was one big joke after another, and the jokes are stupid. The whole movie reminded me of the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" episodes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have a sense of humor, you'll be horrified at the thought of a movie based on this premise: 1) a group of guys gets together in a hotel room; 2) two women meet; 3) two of them get killed and the blood begins to flow; 4) the women become possessed by the mysterious black man and take off with him and live happily ever after.   The acting is bad. There is not a single person in the film that actually comes across as likable or interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to say if this movie is good. It does not seem to have a story line. It is not scary, has not action, it is very plain boring and stupid. It just does not make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie was really stupid and stupid. If it was like "Saw" or "The Hills Have Eyes" the ending would be so simple, you would probably laugh out loud in relief and say "what just happened?". Well "Kaboomer" takes the old formula of a horror movie and blows it up. You don't really care how Kaboomer gets to his destination or who exactly is he trying to save, but the ending is so predictable and boring, you just have to sit back and watch the credits to laugh at how bad this movie is.  I have the feeling that I've been watching a really bad horror film that I'd love to have watched myself. This movie reminds me of watching the movie in the middle of a night with my friends, watching the credits and saying "it's really stupid". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is a rip off of The Prodigy.  The story is silly, poorly developed and the jokes are so badly developed that they are truly unoriginal. The acting is terrible, and the direction is so poor that you can't even enjoy it.  This movie is terrible. The movie has some good scenes, and it looks like they just randomly inserted them.  I really think that this movie is about the worst actors in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a nutshell, I guess this movie could have been great. It was a very low-budget movie. The acting was bad. The plot was bad, the characters, not good. I mean, the plot was terrible. It just was not interesting at all.  I mean come on. It's like I've seen it all before, and this was just an insult.  The whole movie is really not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are several good movies about the history of the US, but this was the worst film I have ever seen. I don't know how I could have rated it higher. It had all the "old standbys" from the 70's (Papillon, DeMille, Sutherland, etc) all made in one movie. It wasn't just the cast of actors. It was all the bad acting and the "wonder of the human body" part of the movie.  The plot was weak. There were many unexplained situations that occurred in the movie that I don`t know if they happened in the real world or not. The movie did a lot of bad and it made me wonder what people were thinking when they made it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a great chase scene and a shootout in the woods, and it just goes on and on. The film is too noisy and the soundtrack is awful, and the acting is not up to scratch with the "real" events, but it is close enough.  The movie is not a realistic chase scene, which is supposed to make the audience feel what the characters are going through. It has a lot of pointless chase scenes, but they are just not realistic.  If the movie was shot in the real woods, it would probably look better than the chase scene in the movie.  I give the movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the first time in my life. It was so bad I couldn't even understand a lot of the plot. It's like a really bad script.  The main characters were the old men and the women they were playing with. I don't know what the plot was about, I just don't care.  I'm going to leave it to the reviewers to come up with a proper plot summary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie for a friend, and I got the feeling that it was some kind of "Boogie Nights", where the main characters are caricatures of themselves. They all look exactly the same, the actors, the camera-work, the settings, everything.  I felt like I was watching a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was going to give this movie a chance. It's not even the worst horror movie I've ever seen, and I can't remember anything else. It was bad enough that I gave up after about 5 minutes, but then the movie started going downhill fast. The first 5 minutes were good, but I really started getting annoyed with how much more the movie progressed and got worse. The last 10 minutes seemed like an afterthought. It took a lot of energy to keep up the pace, and then I started getting angry at the characters for being so stupid. The ending is the most pathetic and pointless. I don't know how I felt about it, and it was so unbelievable that I wanted to shut the movie off.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was my opinion that this was the worst film I've seen. I don't see how it could've been better than it was. I've been watching the film for almost an hour and a half, and I haven't laughed once. The characters in the movie are so unbelievable I feel sick of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a big disappointment for me. The acting was terrible and the story was weak. I was hoping for a good movie but it was not a good film.  It was like the movie was made for a laugh. I felt like I watched it for about 3 hrs and i did not laugh at a movie that bad.  The ending was not interesting and the plot was not good at all.  I am just surprised that this movie was watched on every available channel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the world of "The Incredible Strange Film Show", this film is like an awful movie that was made for the hell of it. The story is so bad, that I stopped the movie before it could end. It was so bad that it was funny, that you had to shut the movie off before you could stop laughing.  I have no idea how it ranks as the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie about 5 years ago on Showtime. I saw it with my friends and after I saw the first 25 minutes, we all got freaked out and we started watching with our jaws open.  It wasn't scary enough and I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. I think I would give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a movie that really deserves to be called a horror movie, then this is the movie for you. It is not even good enough for a comedy! I mean, if you want a good laugh, then you should really watch the movie. I mean it was bad, and you could still laugh. The plot was bad! The acting was bad. The editing was poor. The sound was bad... The music was bad!!! And the movie is so bad, you are not able to even close your eyes because of the bad acting and bad sound. It really makes me wonder how much money was really spent on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's safe to say that this movie is one of the worst I've seen from the last decade. I watched it at night, with a friend and we were all shocked. It was so bad, that I literally puked in astonishment. I honestly don't think I could watch it again. This is the worst movie I've ever seen, that's really all. It made me physically ill, and even now, I don't know how bad this movie was. I think I had nightmares for a week after seeing it, and it's still not that bad.  I hope that the people who made this movie and the people in the production company don't get any more involved with this movie, because I'm truly sick of them. I just wish that I would never watch it ever again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess.   The acting is poor.  The plot is weak, the acting is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts off interesting, but gets dull after about 20 minutes, then the ending is really bad. The main character goes out to get food and he comes back and finds out that he has a really big problem.  He can't get food, he can't take care of his life, he is really lonely, and wants someone else.  Then, the movie starts to get a bit boring, but it gets boring at the end.  So, he gets a job in a big supermarket, where he meets a co-worker, and all of a sudden, he decides he has to move into a real apartment with him.  This is a really bad movie, the main character is really dull, the co-workers are really bad, and the ending isn't interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie is nothing new. We have been given this movie for the first time. I have seen the movie before in which the actors played a very interesting role. I've also seen the scene where the director is making fun of the actors for a second time, and this time he makes fun of them in a more meaningful way. I don't understand why the director did this.  The acting was bad, the script was bad and the direction was terrible. The only good thing in the movie was the scene in which an older woman plays with her kids. This movie is a mess.  I'm sorry for the actors, because they did their best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first of all, this movie is extremely bad, even for a film that was shot at the time. In addition to this, the sound is very bad, the direction is bad, and the acting is awful. If you watch the first few scenes of this movie, you'll understand what I mean. The sound is the worst thing I've ever seen.  This is the movie that caused the biggest ever financial disaster in the history of the world.  I can't believe how bad this movie was. The only thing that could've saved it would've been the original version with the extra scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of two police officers (Colonel Bliss and the late James Dickey) is very strange. Colombo (Colombo) is a town with the misfortune of the local constabulary. The townspeople seem to be up to no good. The local constable seems to be an escaped convict from the penitentiary. Columbo (James Dickey).  The movie is very badly directed. Colombos is a boring town. The lighting is very dim, and the movie is also very long. Columbos is like a horror movie, only better. The plot is not interesting, and no development. Coloma is a very boring town, the plot is weak and there is no story at all. The script is very weak and the acting is bad.  This movie is not worth spending any more time watching, or even renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know why this movie was banned at the time it was. I don;t recall the plot, as it's been over ten years since.  The acting was awful, the direction was horrible. It was boring, and the plot was poor.  What's worse is that it's an extremely long movie, with no real plot, and no real good acting.  If you are going to see this movie, and you want to waste a few hours of your life watching it, then don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was my worst nightmare film ever. The acting was bad, the cinematography was bad (the cinematography of course is a cinematographer, but no real story), the script was bad. It's bad that it should have been a horror film.  If you want to watch a good movie with good special effects, and good horror music, watch "The Ghoul".  This film is really really really very, very bad. I'm not kidding, this is the most horrible movie of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this movie was because of its production quality. The acting is horrible and the script is terrible. The only good thing is the music. A very annoying song that could have been played by a high school class choir.  This is a movie that has no redeeming quality. If you're hoping for a great movie, watch The Naked Gun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie is "The Movie About A Killer Conspiracy." In the title, there is a link to "The Order," but in the title of "The Killer Conspiracy," there is no link to any actual killer. The movie just makes one up out of nothing. The acting is awful. The music is bad. The plot is bad, and there is nothing redeeming in the entire movie.   The only thing that saves this movie from being a 4/10 is if you enjoy watching people getting tortured to death by music that sounds like someone playing "On the radio." If you don't like watching people get tortured, this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem I have with "The Dandy Warhols" is that this is a movie that could be very entertaining if it were not for the "Warhols in the Mirror" series.  However, that series is really a joke and this movie is a joke. It is sad when people see movies about warhols they think it is some great masterpiece and then they try to understand the humor of the director and try to get a sense of the story and all they end up getting is a disappointment.  I am sorry to say that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, it's nice to see the main character have a big ego and self-pity.  I think this movie could have used some more dramatic action and suspense. The acting is bad, the movie itself is dull and boring and the plot is predictable.  If you want to watch a good movie with your friends, rent The Godfather instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I am a HUGE Harry Potter fan! This movie should have been called "The Haunting Hagar" or "The Hagarit" instead. It was bad and the actors were horrible. The ending is the ONLY reason why I watch this movie. The only reason I didn't give this movie a 3/10 is because it has a few good points. The main character, for example, has a long dark hair. I can't believe Hagar was a witch or a hokier in his time. I think it's just that he is just too old. The movie was not as good as the book it was based on, so I don't know. I'd give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't understand how someone can say "Life" is one big tragedy. What a mess!  The only person who made a great movie was the director, Michael Haneke. Hanekel had the nerve to say this to the public.  The ending was the biggest piece of crap I have ever seen.   Hanecker should never have allowed himself to be so naive again.  If you like to laugh at people getting hit, you will like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen some bad horror flicks. This is a dreary one. The whole movie is a dull, lifeless pile of clichés, bad acting, bad music, bad lighting, bad. And that's not the best of it. I've seen good horror fm's. They're better.  This is really one of those movies that I saw the other day on the SciFi channel and decided to watch because I can't even write the words to describe how bad this movie is. The characters are all so stereotypical, and the script is so bad, it was not funny.  The acting was bad, and in my opinion it's the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I have stated in the review, this movie is simply bad.  This is, without a doubt, the worst horror movie I have ever seen.   The movie consists of two main scenes.  The first is the beginning. It's the beginning of a man, a doctor, his wife and his brother going in search of a cure for cancer.  Then, the movie goes into another main scene. This one is the man's search for a cure.  These two scenes are simply awful.  There is nothing in this movie that is good.  My summary is, go to the movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If I would have known that this movie would be so bad, I would never have bothered to see it. It was not that bad, but it was so very bad.   This movie was so horrible that I had to leave the movie to vomit. It's not even good, the acting was bad and I don't know what they did with the story.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "Gee-Whiz" instead of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As for the film itself, I'm glad I spent the time and money to see it. I'm very, very glad I did.  It's very,very boring and badly directed.I mean, it's not "Dynasty", it's just plain crappy.  The actors are bad (I mean REALLY BAD actors).The script is, well, very bad.It has been the WORST movie I have ever seen.  I'm not going to give it away, but I think that you can guess what my conclusion is: this was the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. I watched it for a college course and I was shocked. I expected a decent horror movie, but I didn't expect much. The acting was terrible, the plot was bad, and the acting was bad. The plot was too predictable and could have been better if there was some good suspense or suspense. The ending was completely anticlimactic and pointless. I felt like I was watching a film that had a good ending, a good story, and good special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The idea behind this movie is ridiculous.  If it wasn't for the "funny" jokes, I wouldn't have laughed so hard at the ridiculous jokes.  The only way that I could have laughed at this movie was if I had been given an inhaler.  I've been watching the movie for nearly thirty minutes now. I'm pretty sure I haven't laughed at the movie in the past five minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main story of this film is about the death of a police officer. The plot is boring, the script is poor, the direction is poor. The acting is bad. The characters are bad.  This movie was a joke. I laughed out loud at one scene, and then the others started laughing as well. It is not funny, the acting is not good. It just sits there and cannot laugh because people in the movie are bad actors.  I laughed so hard at one of the scenes I had to watch it for the sake of the acting. It was a very lame attempt at making a comedy.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I mean? Well, I mean if you like the first one (then "The Man" with a big, black, black mustache) or "The Adventures of Pluto Nash", "The Demon Seed" is no different.  The Demon Seed is so bad it could have been an enjoyable experience...it's just so bad. It's all the worst of a "Kung Fu" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the first two thirds of the movie then you'll enjoy the rest as they don't really explain anything. The only thing that made the movie even worth watching was the music. I've seen the music videos and I'm pretty sure it's the same as the music and they just look like crap.  There was a lot of sex, some violence, and a lot.   I think it's a waste of my time 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie starts out with a nice idea, but quickly becomes boring and fails to live up to the promise.   The story is an absolutely dull affair, as is the script, and there's a constant feeling of tiredness, and the story is just set up to support that.  The movie itself is just a pathetic, badly written script, filled with characters that look bored out of their wits, and a script that is totally uninspired and fails badly to make up a story.  I found myself turning the DVD off several times, and was amazed that it lasted the whole way through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts very well, with a very good opening which could have been the beginning of a great story. The movie turns out to be so much nothing more than an hour and a half of tired, boring and extremely uninspired film. The acting is bad, the story is so predictable, and the movie is just about all you can see and hear. The end is very disappointing and the entire experience is not even worth watching for a second. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie I liked was "Shrek" which was a remake of "Shall We Dansu?"  The movie is so bad it is good...I am glad to have spent £1.50 on it. The acting is awful.  The plot is crap. The script is bad. And the directing...the direction...I think it could of been a great film.  This is a complete waste of £5.99...this movie is a total waste of my time and I would not recommend this movie to anyone...just avoid it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to compare this movie to the original, I would say it is a pathetic failure. If you look at the cast list for this movie, it is pathetic.  The Plot is very bad, the movie is bad and the acting is horrible. I watched this movie for a lot of fun and I really wanted to be sick and tired of watching it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with a story. A very disappointing movie with no real story and no real character development.  I guess I can't recommend this movie to anyone other than someone that doesn't have a clue about computers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was an absolute waste of time and effort from the director of "The Last Picture Show". I had to be kidding when I heard this movie was bad. It is not. I just don't know how you can be so dumb as to waste your time. I give it two out of 10 stars.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with my friend, and we thought it was funny, and I was wrong! The film is terrible, the humor is very poor, and the script is just horrible. I watched it, and my friend stopped laughing after 10 minutes.  I laughed, and after 40 minutes we just couldn't take any more of it. It was really really embarrassing to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all.  There is a bad script (complete with dialog) and the acting is poor. The story is an uninteresting, and the characters are uninspired and uninspired.  I found myself turning the TV off just to get away from the screen, but it was just too much to bear.  My wife wanted to see it again, and she got so angry.  It looked like the script was going to be great, and there were some great lines, like when the father says to the woman:  "You have to get out now. I can't watch you, anymore. You're going to ruin your precious time, and you don't deserve it."  The movie was so bad, I actually was sick and tired of it, and I had to take my daughter home and I watched it all I could.   This movie is a total disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big movie buff, but I am tired of hearing people talk about this film. So I took a trip out to see it, and I came away from it not having much of a movie. The thing is, I actually liked the movie. It was so bad, it was just not funny. The only funny parts are when the acting was bad and the plot was bad. I would like to see this movie come back, even though I am a huge fan of Mr. Levinson. He had so much charm, and he didn't try hard to pull it off, he just coasted along.  So when I was tired of it, I came home and saw the sequel, and lo and behold it was a big disappointment. It still wasn't even that bad, but the original was bad enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth the time. It's more like a made for TV movie.   The movie is predictable and the only interesting thing is how does it know when it's done? It does not know when its done, when its interesting, or when it needs to be re-done. It seems like a movie that's just made up as it went along.  It is a bad film with the acting and plot is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very poor and very stupid movie with bad acting, bad music, bad writing, and no sense of direction.  I can't understand how this movie was so popular and it was so hard to find it on cable.  The plot is not interesting, the acting is awful, and the whole movie is full of annoying characters and a poor plot.  This movie would have been a good watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so bad it's bad. I am sick of the current trend of remakes. I found this a waste of my time and I can't fathom how someone can get so tired of remaking movies and then be so bitter about it. It is like a bad remake of '101 Dalmatians'  The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that the animation is good. It's like a cartoon that was badly thought out and done on a budget that didn't seem to go over budget. It also didn't look realistic enough for a children's movie. I mean it is. I can see why the people who thought it was a children movie would have a hard time understanding the concept of a kids movie that is actually supposed to be cute.  So how does it rank a rating?  1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was very poor, with many scenes cut from the film- and a few of them are hilarious.  The plot was bad, the characters are terrible, the jokes were bad, and the story was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke that makes fun of the stupidity of the American Psychiatric Association.  It has one funny scene after another, the worst of which is the scene where the psychiatrist says "I can't take it anymore." It makes absolutely no sense and is nothing more than a poorly made film.  I do give credit where credit is due: a few good jokes here and there.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not that bad. The only reason for the rating is because there was no plot. I know the story is good. I don't want to say anything more.  It is obvious that the directors want to use this movie to get a rise out of people who disliked it because it didn't really have much to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first twenty minutes of this film made me realize that I would probably have to wait a while before watching the whole thing.  The next twenty minutes are the only thing that made me feel anything other than a sick and tired feeling.  I really felt like watching an old episode of Scooby Doo.   What kind of character do you get for making such an obviously bad film?  I gave it a 2 out of 10 just because of the good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with the revelation that the US has been secretly funding the Iranian government in its fight against the US-backed coup that ousted the elected president, Ahmadinejad, in Iran.  It doesn't make much sense, and it really makes the whole movie look like a waste of time.  The cinematography is weak, and the editing is poor.   The plot is ridiculous, and so is the sound.  I think that the film is in the wrong category for an Iranian movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think that this is the worst movie ever made. It's about a couple of friends that decide to have a sleepover together and there's a bunch of other weird people hanging around. This movie is not really worth renting for horror fans, and for most people its just a weird sleepover movie. The people in this movie were really weird and creepy, but the movie is so bad that you can't even really see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this movie to be a terrible movie. I thought it was a horrible movie. There are a lot of blood, a lot.  I gave it a 1 for gore, because it's not that gory, I just think that it was dull.   If you want to watch a good movie, this is the one to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts good with some great acting, and there's some great special effects (which the movie didn't have, like the first few minutes of the movie). But it gets much worse as it goes along and there is a lot of pointless and uninteresting plot points that are not necessary to explain anything, so you will be left completely confused and possibly angry.  There are no character development or development of characters at all, and instead of the standard story about a guy wanting to prove his life is worthwhile, you get some random guy telling you how he can make your life a living Hell if you watch it.  I gave this movie a 1 because of the great acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was just plain uninteresting and plain boring. I guess if you like low budget films with little to no real action then this is the movie for you.  I can't stand how low budget they were.  The acting was bad, the story was weak, the script was bad and the direction was bad.  My biggest problem with the movie was that it tried to be a horror movie with zombies, which was just a bad idea. I thought the movie had a lot of potential, but they ended up falling short of it.  Maybe if you watch the movie and compare it to the book, you can tell which movie is the better of the two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're expecting a romantic comedy, see this movie. If you want to see a movie that makes you laugh at the same time, like this one, then you are in for a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first 30 minutes of the movie, the acting was interesting and I could tell something was going on. The plot seemed interesting and interesting, and I was intrigued. The main character was not the right man for the job, and his acting was bad, and the movie is too weak to hold your interest. It could have been a great movie, but I am glad I did not waste money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad garbage. I've seen the movie a lot and I don't know what's more, a lot of the acting is OK, it just doesn't make much sense, but then again, this movie is just terrible, I just watched it a few minutes ago and I couldn't understand the first half of the movie.  The movie isn't a movie, but a collection of scenes that are supposed to be interesting and in some way are very relevant to the story. It's OK, the movie is boring, the characters are not interesting, the plot is predictable and you just don't care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a lot of potential and a bad script. The acting is terrible and I'm wondering if there are enough good actors in the world to make the movie. The plot is lame, the characters are so weak and the direction is bad.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a big disappointment. The movie had some good dialog, and was not the worst movie I've ever seen.  The story was very stupid and boring. The acting was awful, and the movie just didn't work. The only thing that was good was the last 5 minutes or so of the movie.  There were some good looking shots in there, but that's it. The rest of the film was so bad it was good.  Overall, not worth it, but the movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad. It had the same plot, the same actors, the identical cinematography and a totally different idea. And it didn't make a movie.  What a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just not a big Richard Dawkins fan, so I can't say I'm too easily convinced of his theories and predictions.  In this case, he predicted that there would be a smallpox epidemic in the year 3000, so that there was a chance of some kind of global chaos and disaster, but I was right! This movie was a complete waste of time.  If you have any sense of humor, you'll just laugh your way through this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't really understand how anyone can make this movie, it's bad, bad, and the story is weak, but somehow I managed to sit through it. It's not that the movie is bad, but it just looks bad. It is bad and I cannot recommend this movie to anyone else.  I watched it just because I could not bear to think that it was made in the first place, the acting is bad (I was looking for a decent laugh), and the ending was a big disappointment.  The only reason I gave it a 3.5/10 was because the ending did not meet the minimum requirement of a 3 out of 10, but this movie should have a better ending, I give it a 1 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're hoping for a decent horror movie, watch this.  There is no good way to describe this movie, so I will just mention that there are no real scares, so the only real good scare is a brief glimpse of a killer's face peaking through the darkness.  If your expecting to see a good, spooky horror movie this is not it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. I don't think I can get the feeling that I have ever watched such a bad film. I'm sure that the producers had a good laugh with the concept of a movie with a guy who becomes a hero for his actions. I can't imagine that the director had a great concept for such a film.  This is just a waste of film and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I would like to say that the actors are not very good. Some of the stuff is not realistic, the plot is not good and I have seen a lot of movies in my time and this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I am going to take a step back from the last comment. I think that the people who wrote the movie are the same people who were involved in this movie.  I would say that this movie is a complete waste of time and should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to start off by saying that if you are a parent of a child who is sick with CP or who is recovering from CP, you may want to see this movie. I found it to be a waste of time, as I have to write up for this film, I'm just so glad I didn't waste the hour I have.  What I found was this movie to be just plain bad. The script was completely ridiculous, the acting was bad and the directing was bad. I have never been more disappointed in a movie.  So, for those of you who think this is a movie for children, you are right. The movie is not a kids movie. It is a crap movie that has no redeeming qualities whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie for more than half my life and I can honestly say that the only person who was bored watching this movie is the producer of the movie, the director, the co-producer, or the director himself.  In addition, the cinematography was awful. The sound track was so bad, I couldn't even hear myself think, and the editing was so choppy and distracting, I almost fell asleep. The only real plot point I saw was the casting of the main actors.  My rating for this movie: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was a horrible movie.  I found the movie very boring and nothing more. I mean, the whole movie is about the same old story, same old things happen over and over again, and it's very difficult to even watch it all.   Oh, there are some good actors in the movie, but they all do very bad jobs.  Overall, it's just not very good at all. It's really nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know how much I can say about this movie. I was really bored, waiting for the movie to end and wondering why. The movie ended, and the movie was boring, and I was wondering what was the point of it all.  I did like the movie, I just think that people are too easily entertained by the story lines, and don't waste your time on that movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie, with some decent humour and some nice looking shots of Sydney Harbour, was OK, and I guess it could have been entertaining. The second half wasn't, I thought. The direction was poor, and the acting was OK.  The plot was weak. I think this movie should have been about some interesting and exciting Sydney Harbour shots, instead of some lame Hollywood fare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie with very low expectations. I saw it at the cinema and decided to watch it for the hell of it. I was so bored I almost walked out of the cinema. The plot was awful. The jokes were corny. The script was so bad, I could not finish it. The characters were so idiotic. The director must have been on a good dose of something. I mean, what was the message of this movie?  I don't recommend this movie to anybody unless they're drunk and want to waste their time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of things that just don't happen in "The Shop Around the Corner" and "The Shakedown"--things like a doctor who shows up and starts giving his medical advice on a Saturday afternoon and a guy in the parking lot who is a lawyer and who ends up getting killed by the killer and the doctor and a couple of other people who just get screwed over by the guy and the killer.  This movie is so bad it is good--as a result, it is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy the bad movie genre, you will love this film. It's a horrible movie. I saw it on TV, and I felt it was just as bad as I remember it. The only good thing was that the ending was the worst. It had a good idea, and the best part was that there wasn't enough time to make up.  The movie was very very badly paced. The cinematography was not good. I mean it was bad, the dialog was bad and the movie was bad. The whole movie sucked.  I give this movie a 1 only for the music and some nice shots. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought it was really boring, very much. The movie was predictable and the ending was lame, and I felt like it was just an excuse to make the movie longer.  So when I got home and saw it on cable, I was so discouraged and disappointed. The ending is so pointless. The characters are so one dimensional, the movie is a trainwreck. It's just not believable. I can't get enough of the ending, I really can't. I have no idea how they did it.  I think that I could have done better myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of my time.    The story is predictable. There are many parts that were so unbelievable, I thought I was on a roller coaster coaster.  I will say that there was not one good scene, but I did like the last 10 seconds of the movie.  The movie is bad.  My vote is 0/10 for the entire movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are some really bad horror movies out there, but none of them are worth seeing, let alone renting. This is by no means a good film, but it is a bad horror flick, so if you see it, don't watch it, there is a lot of blood and guts. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a waste of time. If you are under 10, I'm sure you will laugh at this movie. If I was, I would have. This movie is a joke that will make you a laughing stock.   I've watched too many movies that I think are funny and that I find it sad when people make movies that are so bad that people will laugh hysterically at them.  If you're lucky enough to watch this movie, do not waste your time. You will only be disappointed because you will not laugh at the bad jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Adam Sandler fan, but even he can't figure out why this movie was bad. The plot was weak. The performances were awful. It wasn't funny. It was predictable.   This was a bad script, badly written, directed and acted. The direction was bad, the humor was awful, and it was just plain bad. I mean it was so bad, and Sandler looked like he was out of his mind.  It's not a funny movie. It's a movie that I could not watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had really hoped that this movie would be a masterpiece but this is really all a disappointment. I watched it because the trailer promised something special and exciting but the movie really isn't anything special or exciting at all. The movie is all over the place and all the performances are terrible and nothing to shout about.  It's like watching a boring episode of Scooby-Doo in a movie that was just that bad.   It was so bad that the cast and crew had to run out of the theatre screaming because it was the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way this movie was a success. The script was boring, the acting was bad, the story was stupid and the ending could have been much better if the director had taken a different path. This movie is a disaster of a movie. It's like watching a movie with friends where there's a lot of singing and dancing, and you just keep on saying "What's the point of that?" I don't recommend this movie to anyone who wants to see a good movie. I'm just telling my personal opinion of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not only a bad rip off of the classic "Fever Bat" movies of the 50's and 60's. It was just a horrible, extremely un-funny, boring movie that was the first installment of a series that would become known as "The Batmobile".  This was the worst movie of all time! The only fun in it was the Batmobile chase. The rest of the movie was crap to watch for the Batcokies, a band of losers who think that they are the best thing to come out of the BatCokies.  I would have given this movie a rating of zero out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The idea is cute but it's not really funny.  It is not just boring, it is not bad at all, it's just awful.  I did like the idea of a boy being picked on by a girl in the woods and her friend being killed by a bear.   My biggest problem with the whole movie is that it's poorly written and the plot is not funny. The movie is not cute at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is bad. The script is poor. The direction is bad and the characters are all the same. The film is very badly done.  I have never seen a film that bad in my life... This is the only good thing that I have ever seen... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like an updated version of "The Jerk Is Back"  In addition to the original plot, this movie is also predictable, shallow, and contains nothing new. In the original movie, the Jerk's was not an interesting character. Instead, the plot was just a repeat of the previous movie, with a new twist added onto the old.  The plot is not interesting, the acting is bad, and the ending is a predictable joke.  If you want to watch the original Jerk movie, or even "The Jar," you'll be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. I just watched it with some friends, and while we were in the middle of a conversation, the movie suddenly got so bad, and I was actually sick of it.  So I turned my volume on full blast, but it was too loud, and the voices just didn't come together. The story was completely ridiculous, the acting was awful. And the script was absolutely terrible.   I really wanted to stop the movie, because I couldn't finish it, even after I started to laugh hysterically at every comment I heard.  This is a movie that you would really want to watch at night in a dark room, in front of a friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on TV the other night and decided to go out with it to watch the beginning.  I was so bored I had to fast forward through the whole movie. I can't even tell you what I saw the whole time.  In conclusion, don't go see this movie, I think you would be better off to a video store. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many films, such as "The Rookie", "The Apprentice", "Halt", "A Lovely Island", "Cradle In Paradise", "Animal House", and "The Godfather" that were good, but they were bad films, and this one is bad. I can see how this movie was released, but I can't recommend this film, because there are too many things that make this a good film.   I am a fan of the great John Candy and he is still underrated by people, so I thought this was the movie to hit that mark. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen some really bad movies in my time, but this was just bad and boring. The movie was badly directed, badly acted and just plain boring. I can't think of anything else I could do with my life.  I'm still waiting for a plane ticket home from the airport. I was so angry, I couldn't stop watching until the end. I am so glad I did see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If I wanted to watch a documentary about the life of one of the biggest cheerleaders in sports, I would certainly pick this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it was the worst movie ever made. I mean it was so bad that I was like "oh man...I just saw the movie." My brother and I saw it twice on the same day and I mean....we're like....really...really bad. The only good thing is that there is one part in the entire movie that is actually funny....the part when the mother is talking to the doctor and tells him that she's really pregnant. I was trying to watch that part, I mean...really. I think that part was supposed to be like a "how can I be pregnant?" type of humor...I mean...it's funny and it makes me sad. It is really really sad when a mom gets so depressed and has to watch her baby grow up. If she didn't realize how stupid she was...maybe she would have, but she didn, she took a bunch of pills and ended up pregnant.  I don't know if I'm supposed to laugh about it, but I can't...really...I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an indie film, this movie has a very low budget, amateurish look.  The story is a boring, ill-conceived script and bad actors.  I could watch the whole movie if it were in slow motion.  It looks like a poor man's version of "The Last Picture Show" (another bad movie).    I did like the first hour of the movie. It was more entertaining than the rest of the film.  And the movie is badly directed.  If you like to watch movies with bad directors and amateur actors, you might enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts promisingly. I get the feeling that this is an incredibly weak movie with bad acting and bad special effects.  The story is weak and the characters are so cardboard that it makes the movie hard to sit through.  In my opinion, the best part of the movie is at the beginning when the main character tries to kill the other characters. It is not believable.  I would suggest avoiding this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a great movie, then watch this movie. I have seen bad movies, and this was by far the worst movie I have ever seen.  This movie was awful, the plot was horrible. It was absolutely not funny, the story was bad. It made jokes at me, and I can't get more sarcastic than this movie makes.  I give it a rating of 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with a friend and we were talking about the movie, the plot, the actors, etc. We found ourselves laughing hysterically, I had to shut my eyes and I had no idea how I could have been so stupid to think I would like this movie.  The only thing that made the movie better was that the ending was so predictable. The ending was stupid.  I think this movie was written to make a statement about something, I don't know, I think it was trying to say something, but in the end it was really not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like horror/sci-fi, but are expecting something along the lines of "The Exorcist", you're going to love this movie.  The plot is terrible, the acting is terrible and the editing is amateur at best.  I watched this movie for 45 minutes, and after that, I gave up on it and turned it off.  If I ever get the urge to watch this film, I'll just fast-forward to the opening credits and laugh at the people doing the voices and the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a terrible movie, the actors are amateur at best, the story is predictable and predictable and there is nothing in this movie that you haven't seen before. The main plot of this movie is about a bunch of dumb people trying to get rich and end up in a mansion with a swimming pool in it. The mansion is run by a group of very strange millionaires who all seem to have a morbid fascination with a dead woman and a dead man's severed hand. One of them is an old man who is dead and seems to have gotten his hands from a cemetery. This is the first film I have ever seen that stars Dustin Hoffman as a doctor, Michael Ironside as a reporter and Jack Nicholson as a rich man's secretary. This movie is not scary, is not interesting and not entertaining at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as a kid. It was horrible. I don't know why it was bad. The story was boring, the dialog was stupid, and the acting was bad, but what really got me was the way they used their music. The songs were terrible, the music was OK, and I didn't feel like it was a movie.  It was sad, because there was no plot. The characters were uninteresting, and not realistic, and this movie was OK. The actors were OK. I mean, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of any of the characters in this movie. I don't like movies where the acting is sub-par and the plot is bad, and I don`t like a movie that is boring and overacted. The acting was bad and the story was stupid.  This movie is nothing more than a bad rip-off of a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts with some good footage of an ancient black magic ritual, and is quite good in the beginning. It then goes on for quite some time without much explanation. There is a few good shots, but the overall picture is a disappointment.  The ending is pretty good, and I was kind of mad that the ending didn't reveal everything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie a rating was that I do not agree with the 1 star rating, but it was so bad, I was seriously surprised that it lasted 5 hours.  This movie could have been much better. It starts out very interesting, but becomes a typical, bad horror movie with a lot of gore and very fake blood effects.  The best part is the movie has the blood effects look like the ones in Resident Evil. The gore effects are really bad and look really fake, the blood looks really fake and fake, and the sound effects are the worst of all.  If you want to watch a good horror movie, go for it. I think this is a pretty good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this show on my local station about 15 years ago and I still have nightmares about it. I am so glad that it is now available on DVD. The episodes were so unedited, poorly directed, and so uninteresting that I felt compelled to write this review.  The first thing I noticed about the show was the casting of David Hasselhoff as Dr. Hackenstein. That was an act of self-indulgence. The casting was so bad, and Hackenstein's character was so one-dimensional, and I mean, a dreary and annoying one-per-dozen. I found myself laughing at the ridiculousness of the show, the characters, and the jokes. The acting was so awful that I had to stop laughing.  I would like to see the show again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about an old man who comes to an ancient Egyptian temple to see his brother. The Egyptian priests tell him about a new kind of god, and he has to decide what to do with his new found powers. The movie is about a man who becomes the lord of a city that is under the spell of a new sun, and when the sun comes up, he destroys everything and everyone. The entire Egyptian civilization ends up destroyed and a meteor is the cause.    The movie has some good acting by the Egyptian priest and some good scenes by the meteor, which were pretty cheesy. It is very low budget and not worth watching unless you are really desperate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like Lord of the Rings and enjoy a good time on your car and want to enjoy the chase scene, then you will enjoy this movie. If you are looking for a great time on the chase then this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title should give you the idea of "The Cat and the Canary", "The Dog and the Family" or "The Golden Retriever"  The Cat and The Canary has one very redeeming quality, and that is the acting. The acting is bad, the characters are corny and the plot is dumb. I had to leave after the first 15 minutes, and after that, the movie really loses its energy. The ending is just dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read an article about this movie, and while it was pretty intense, I thought it was very boring. The acting was awful, and the direction wasn't up to par with the acting. The ending is the worst and the only real highlight was that some great performances from the "special" characters. The movie just ended, leaving you completely and completely un-enthused and the plot didn't make sense. It really does make sense when you take the movie as a whole and just think about it. I don't recommend this movie unless you like people talking and overacting like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, this movie had some pretty good acting. It wasn't as bad as the first two "The Ring" movies but was more the typical "B" movie with bad special effects and a lot of blood. It's not that I enjoy blood and gore as much as I like horror movies.  I was disappointed in the movie as I am in all other horror movies I've seen. I would say this is the worst horror movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that was a bit hard to watch. It's a bad film, I'm sure, and the acting is bad, the story is bad and the ending is bad.  What's the point?   I was really looking forward to the film, and I was amazed at what I saw.  But the acting was bad and was a total disappointment.  The story is really, really stupid. The entire movie is a joke. The main characters are un-satisfying.  I would have given this movie a 1 instead of a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am trying to understand the story and this movie was very poorly directed and acted. It was very badly directed, badly acted, and the plot was not really good at all.  This movie was not good at the beginning. It didn't really make sense until the end. There was no plot.  All the characters were very cardboard and the movie was really dull.  My friend who saw it also said that it was really really bad. The acting was terrible and I agree. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time in a while and it still haunts me. I watched it once on TBS and I was so bored by the plot line that I had to stop watching. The story is like one of those teen soap operas I've seen and the movie is so poor I had my hopes up. It's so bad, I stopped laughing out loud. It reminds me of the movies that were made back then when I was a kid and I would watch movies just for the plot, and it wasn't because I didn't like them, it was because I was bored by them.  This movie was awful. The movie was boring and the characters were all so stupid and annoying that you had to shut off your brain. It really is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. The acting is bad, the dialog is bad and the plot is bad. I had this movie in a crate and I can't even remember how it ended. I can see why the movie didn't get much exposure in the 80's, I hope it still does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure why this film was not shown, and why it wasn't put in a proper form. I mean, this is not the first film with a good premise and the second best film with the same premise is the "Beverly Hills Cop" (1996). So the premise is good, and the result is a disaster. The plot is stupid and just does not work. The only good part is the special effects, which are pretty good. The film is very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this movie and was disappointed. I saw it when I was a kid, and was like, "Wow. This was awful." I watched it as an adult, and even though I'm an adult now, I still don't know how I felt about it when it came out.  I would have given this movie a 2. It was so bad that I had to watch it a second time just to be certain that it was going to get worse.  It starts out with a bang. There is no dialog. It is just so bad. It's bad in every other scene.  And what's the deal with the movie? I don't even know what the movie was about. It may be a sequel to the first.  The only good thing about this movie is, I don;t even remember the first one! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a very dull and extremely boring film. The only highlight of the film was the acting of the two main characters. The rest of the movie is dull and very boring. It is not funny, but boring.  The ending is simply terrible. It has been mentioned before, but here it is not mentioned. The two main guys get in a car accident. The other guys all get hit by an empty sled or something and wind up dead. The ending reminds me of when my parents got hit by a brick in the basement and left me alone and with nothing else to do. It made me angry that there are so many movies with stupid endings.  I don't understand how the movie ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is just a short comment of my opinion of the movie.  Firstly, the script is very poor. I think the plot is poor and could have been written with more imagination. Secondly, the movie is boring, and not good at all. Thirdly, there are some scenes that are very strange, so that I have to admit that I don't know what happened in the movie, but I just have to write that I guess.  This movie just goes to show that bad scripts are not always good.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had watched this film at the time, I would have been laughed out of my pants. I would think that the writer/director should have left the movie in a positive review on the film, as it would have made the whole movie better. The movie had very little entertainment. The plot was not original, as well as the characters. The characters were all one dimensional. The only good parts were the acting of the females. I think the writer should have put more effort into the story. The whole movie was not that funny.  I am not sure if this is the case for all of the Indian films made during the early 1980s, as I have seen most of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not possible that such a low-budget flick could be made with the actors and director working in such a poor way. The acting is bad, the story is bad and the film is bad. This movie is not interesting. It is really really stupid. The story is very bad and boring. I can't believe people actually spent time to make this. I mean, the movie is bad! It's really bad. The plot is lame, the script is terrible and the acting is so bad that I give it a 2 out of 10 just because of the actors. I just wish that people are interested in watching this film...it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the whole concept of the movie quite interesting at first, but after a while I started to understand how bad it was.  What I thought was interesting was the idea of a movie that could have a premise that was good, or was something that would make you laugh.  The first part was funny, the second part was something really interesting and the last part was boring. It was also disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What can i say about this movie? I have seen the movie. The story is not interesting, the direction is bad, and the acting is bad. This is one of the worst films I have ever seen in my life. The only good comment i could make about this film is the soundtrack. It is bad and repetitive. If you liked the movie, you will probably like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film was pretty boring to watch and i could tell it was a rip-off of "Papillon" and "The Bicycle Thief"  I don't think i've seen any Papillon movies and I can't remember one that's close to this. The only real difference I can see is that "Papo" is far better than this papillon imitation. The plot was rubbish and the film was rubbish. It would have been better if there wasn't a good plot to begin with, and the acting wasn't bad either.  The real highlight of the film is the ending. It could have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why people give this film such a bad rating. It's the sort of film I would have given to a friend, and I'd be ready to slap the director and producers for trying to make something other than a documentary.  This is, without a doubt, the worst film I have ever seen, but I wouldn't be so kind. I found myself looking away from the screen, with a growing sense of deja vu, as the film went on.  The pace is so slow that you will wonder if there is any point to this film. It was so slow, and boring, that I was actually turned off by it, and actually felt physically sick.  My wife and I both thought it was the most boring and poorly-made film I've ever seen.  I don't understand how this film became so hated by so many people, and if this film had been made in the 1930's, it would have made for an interesting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been removed from my memory. I'm guessing that's why it was removed from the memory of many of you.  The thing is, there is so much wrong with this movie. It is so bad, I'm glad I didn't spend money to see it.    Please, if you have the braincells to watch this, do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts out well enough. There are plenty of plot twists and turns and there is a fairly decent opening to it. This movie is so bad that I really couldn't stop laughing from start to finish. The movie's characters are cardboard caricatures of characters from the old television show, and even the acting is OK. I just think this movie was a horrible waste of time and I hope that there won't be another sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a really bad movie. It is not funny, not interesting, and the acting is really bad. The only funny thing about this movie is that you could make fun of it. It does not deserve to be called a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with some friends and all we got was a movie with no redeeming qualities and no one said a word.  So I had to watch it.  The acting was terrible. The script was horrible. The cinematography was terrible and there was no real story.    My advice - don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this film. The reviews were for something other. It was not anything to special. It has no special meaning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that saves this movie is that it was shot in high budget. The story and the characters are completely unsympathetic. It is a movie with bad acting and a bad script that should never have been written. The movie has a very boring ending, it is bad directed, badly acted and a very poor ending that makes absolutely no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, the movie takes place in a small village in Nepal. There are some big shots. A few of them. Then the movie cuts to a different Nepal. It is raining. The villagers are running away from the village. The movie is full of useless action and unneeded dialog. The plot is uninteresting.   The movie reminds me of those movies I used to watch as a kid in my country, when we were very small. They had more action and less of the stupid movies that used to dominate the big screens back then.  There is not much special effects in the movie. The special effects are good, but it is very bad. The acting is bad, the dialog is very dumb, and I was shocked that there was not a plot at all.  The whole movie is like one big, uninteresting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to say about this movie but it is very very very bad. The movie starts off slow but picks up speed as it progresses. I found myself disliking it and wondering how I was going to pay attention to it, when it was becoming so irritating. It was a waste of time and I could not believe how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a big Star Wars fan and I saw the whole thing and I was kind of bored. The whole movie reminded me of Star Wars Episode III: Jabba's Palace. I think that was the only good part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie has always been a very weak one. There is a lot of violence and torture and I found that to be the only reason I give this movie a rating.  The acting is bad, and the plot is bad.  I have a feeling that this is all a publicity stunt for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not only bad bad trash, the director tried to make it as an indie drama about a woman who gets a chance to experience life in the middle east and is then thrown into a situation in which she's supposed to be a good person. She has to choose between a lifestyle of her own choosing, or being pushed by the environment.  This is not a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original idea of a "Wizard" movie was a brilliant one. It's been a while since I've seen it, and I was so bored I had to fast forward to the end. I could have done better, because it wasn't too hard to tell what was going on, and it wasn;t the worst movie I've ever seen.  The whole film is a rip off of the original.  I really don't understand how a film this bad could get made. The people who did it obviously knew very little about film. The only people who thought this was a good movie were those who thought it was a clever "Wiz" movie.  My rating: 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete joke and there is no reason to waste your time with this movie. I mean, if you like watching people get killed off left and right and have a morbid desire to see blood and guts and a disgusting old man getting his heart ripped out, then go ahead with this film. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of those that tries to tell a story about a girl that has become a witch and her pursuit of vengeance.  As a result I think that it was the bad script that made it, and there's really nothing special about this movie other than bad special effects.  I've seen worse movies, and this one is worse than anything I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with the main characters in a bar talking about their dreams and the movie takes them to the woods and back to the cabin where their lives were once a child. They go through the woods, a man in the woods with a flashlight and a dog chasing them, and a woman asking questions. The main character wakes up and tries to kill the dog.  The plot is really dumb and the ending is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had high hopes for this movie. I had really high hopes because of the good acting, great music, great direction, beautiful locations, beautiful sets and amazing cinematography. Well, I didn't know any of that. So I expected it to be a great story. It wasn't. I expected a beautiful story with great music and great special effects. Well the movie is too long and too boring. And I don't know why it didn't look more beautiful, but it just wasn't the right movie for me. It had some good music and some great special FX, but I don,t think I like it. I really didn't care about the story, I just think it was just too short. I could not even understand the plot at all, so I had to fast forward through it and didn't realize the whole story was a dream. So this movie could be great, but as I watched it, it didn;t really change anything, so it just left me wanting more.  I can not recommend this movie to anyone, I would just like to say that this movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I think this movie has a special FX and music track. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for a laugh. And I must say that it was the worst movie I have ever seen.  The characters were not interesting and they all had the same face, same hair, same eyes, same smile, same body language, same gestures, same lines, the same emotions.  This movie was not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a huge fan since I was 8 years old and have watched this film countless times. But this film isn't worth watching and the acting is awful.  This is just a terrible film and nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out interesting with some sort of connection to the world of the French countryside, and then suddenly becomes more boring and unbelievable as we all know and love France. I was really trying to understand what was going on, but I couldn't. I think the director just had some weird idea, and I am sure he has some weird ideas, which he tries to sell us as an art-movie, which seems to be getting boring.  The film was really not worth watching and I felt like I was watching a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off well with some very good dialogue and some nice effects. The movie soon goes on to show us that it was actually a very bad movie. It's not good at all, but I think you get the point.  This movie is very poorly directed and the story is not interesting at all.  The acting is bad, the plot is terrible, and the movie is not good.  It is the worst movie I have ever seen. I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big Jack Black fan and i was very excited to see this movie and i think i found the movie to be very dull and boring and was just a bad waste of time.  If you are a Jack Black/Kelso' fan and want to see a good movie, watch this. If you want to know a good thing, you can download this movie from the link given in this review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen movies about vampires, vampires in the night, vampires of the dark, and vampires with black teeth, and I find the movie "K-911: Return of the Living Dead" the most disappointing of them all.  The film starts with a group of teens camping at a remote beach in a little British Columbia town, and we know from the opening scene that they're vampires.  They meet up with a girl at a gas station, and the two soon become best friends.  After a few days, the two teens are attacked by a black raven, and after this the pair are bitten by the raven's victims, and when the raven flies off, one of the teens manages to escape and kills the raven.  Once the raven returns, the teens are found by a police officer.   The director decides that he needs to fill in a plot hole by adding a second raven, so he flies the raven to a remote area, and uses it to create a second outbreak of ravens.  There are a few moments where things don't seem to fit together, and then you just wonder what.  I would love to see a movie where the two teen protagonists get bitten by a raven, then get bitten and lose their best friend...but if I were in that situation, I'd suggest watching "K: Return." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't see how it can be that the creators of such an atrocity film are so stupid as to be unable to make such a film.  I'll give you some examples of films that I have seen that don't seem to fit this bill.   Firstly, let's start with the atrocity in the US of the Columbian Rebels, where they murdered a bunch of military guys at a base, the result of which was to be blown away by a hail of machine guns fire, leaving many people dead and the rest injured.  Secondly, let we look at the atrocities in the Balkans in 1994.  Firstly they took the Serbian army and threw it into a mountain range and then proceeded to shoot all the soldiers at point blank range.  This was done at the request of the Serbian government, because they needed to show the world that the country was going to be invaded by Albania, as it was at the time.  And lastly, let us look at Bosnia-Herzegovina.  As far as the atrocites go, I have never seen a single person die from the wounds of these soldiers.  The reason that I can say this is because of the fact that the soldiers were trained by the US.  One soldier died from a bullet wound to his head, another was blown away with a grenade and died in his sleep. Another soldier died of a bullet that pierced his heart and killed him.  Another soldier was killed in a car accident and died from the shock of the impact of the explosion of a car at the base.  A soldier from the US army was killed by a bullet to the rear of his head.  Finally, a soldier was blown off his horse and was shot dead in the head, with his body thrown into the car, and his head fell in the car.  All in all, there is a reason why the atrocite that took place in Bosnia- Herzegovic was filmed in the early 90's, because there were still unexploded bombs and a few people were missing.  Also, in a film like this, you will lose a few of the soldiers in the area of the atrocit, but the soldiers are still alive because the US are constantly bombarding them in their sleep.  So in conclusion, this film is a complete waste of time. It is a total waste of 92 minutes, and I'll be glad I spent the £6.99 it cost me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What do I know? My girlfriend and I went to this movie with a big warning. We thought it was going to be good. Well, we were right. It was a very stupid movie. We got the impression that the actors, especially the director, thought that the movie was going good. So we left the theater wondering why we sat there. It didn't make any sense. It could have been great fun but it turned out to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of bad movie that are not bad. I watched this movie for a friend who was trying to watch it because it's got some great acting, but the movie was too long. And the movie is awful! It's horrible! The ending was really terrible! I mean come on, how predictable. It was a very stupid movie, and it was a bad ending.  I don't really think it was the movie's fault. It's just the way it was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not easily scared by horror movies, but this one was so bad I actually gave it a 3. It had some good moments and a couple of good scares in it.  The plot is not scary or interesting, but the acting was bad. The camera work was bad, the sound was terrible, and the music was bad...  This movie was bad in every way possible. I recommend not even waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As it has been stated, "The Unborn" is a waste of time. There is no real storyline. And the characters are... Well... let's say, let's put them in a category of "unlikable." I guess, as a horror film, I can't be blamed for it, but as a comedy, I'll take it. The humor is completely ridiculous. There's not one laugh. It's all in bad taste, bad camera-work, bad editing, bad sound, bad music, bad actors... It's really really really a shame, because if this movie had been a complete joke, it would have been hilarious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the film is as follows: There is a film called 'Criminally Insane' and it stars a pair of lovers who are the sole reason for their existence. This film is really really very, very, uninsane and, unfortunately, not funny.  I saw it on a couple of nights back with a few friends and we were all very bored by it and thought it was a funny film.  It didn't seem to have a plot and I'm not really sure how or why it got a 1.  There was a couple good laughs, but there was nothing else worth watching.  The main problem I have with the film are the characters in the film. It could have been much better if they were a bit more mentally stable and funny. I think there is a point to be made here but it wasn't enough to make it worth watching for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is very predictable, there is no deep insight or insight, the characters are all one-dimensional, they are just cardboard characters and the script is so poorly written, the direction is very poor, the camera-work is so amateur, the sound is terrible.   The director should be ashamed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the end is just bad.  It's a movie about a woman who works at a museum. One day a guy comes in and wants to know how much she made in her life. This movie was just terrible. It was awful. I mean this movie is so bad it's good.  The only good thing is that there is one good movie in the whole movie that is good. It is the worst movie I've ever seen.  If you want a good movie that makes people laugh and makes you mad, then this movie would be a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor. The acting in this movie is so bad I could not finish it. It was a waste of time and money. I would have to rent a movie that would have a better story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is very disappointing. I mean, come on, I don't know if I've ever seen a movie with such poor acting, I mean come on. I watched the first 15 minutes and was like, "Wow, I can't believe this movie was made for TV."  The only thing that bothered me about the whole movie was the way it was shot, the graininess, the low budget, and the utter lack of suspense. The only good thing was how predictable and predictable it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the film to be extremely bland and lacking in any significant plot or story. The film is simply uninteresting and boring - just bad film with bad actors, bad editing and bad lighting, bad soundtrack and the worst script I've ever heard. I wonder if this movie has a budget for this kind of waste. I guess if you've made it a budget to make it, you've failed on every level.  This is truly the kind of film that I'm sure would appeal to the likes of an old person who is still at the age of 70.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a few movies in my time, and while they are not necessarily bad, they have a few redeeming features. I really do not see the point of making this movie. The movie is a collection of bad actors and the movie is very very, very bad. The story is completely incoherent, the acting is bad and the plot is bad. I did like the "action" part, and the last "action", which is the only real good thing about this movie, is the "ending". The only good thing I have heard is that the song "Let It Die" by the Finnish band SISTAS is used. If you want to watch a good movie, watch "The Cure for Lymphoceleia" by Michael Stone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie I liked was the sequel, "The Mother." This movie, however, was nothing more than a cheap remake of the original Mother Mary Poppins' performance.  The plot of the movie is about Mary Poppington's mother, who is having problems with her daughter's relationship with another woman. Mary is unaware of her own mother's infidelity and decides to check it out by making a visit to her daughter Mary's sister. She sees that Mary has made a big mistake, and vows to find out if she's not the one who Mary is cheating on.   Mary has to wait for weeks before Mary can discover the truth about her mother's cheating. She finds out that her mother is having an affair with a man in need of an operation, and Mary soon finds out the truth.  This movie was a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I'm going to say, this is one of those movies where you have some good actors, some interesting movie plots, some decent cinematography, and then you have a bunch of dumb-ass film lovers sitting in a darkened room.  But the movie was so bad it wasn't even interesting. So I was watching the movie and at the end of the movie said, "This movie is crap. It is so bad that I give it a 3 out of 10. I could have done better."  And I laughed.    I can't see how a movie like this gets a rating of 4, 5 or 6. I really don't think it's because of the acting, cinematography and so on. The rating is only because there are no special effects. The movie is very, very, bad, the dialog is dumb and boring, the direction is bad, and the plot is very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would like to say that I am the only one who thought that this film was worth watching. The only thing I could think of that was good was seeing Eddie Izzard in a comedy role.  The other movies are, well, boring.  I found myself laughing at the jokes. It is a waste of time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was horrible. The acting was awful. The plot was lame. The special effects was horrible bad. The sound was awful, and the cinematography was bad. And i wanted to laugh.  The ending could have been much better.  I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so terrible that it should be removed from IMDb. Please, no more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on cable last night, and I saw the ending coming up on the next show, but I did not know where it was going, but was very disappointed.  There was nothing memorable or interesting at all, just bad acting, bad story line, bad ending, very fake.  The only good part was when they made the point of showing the "hilarious" ending in the beginning of the movie, which had the whole thing missing.  I am going to watch this movie again and try to figure out why I did watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of the original cartoon, but if you look at it this way, you should have the same feelings about the original. It is not as bad as I thought it was in the cartoon. It does not have the charm of the cartoon, nor does it have the original spirit of the comic. It reminds me of the old Scooby-Doo cartoons.  It is unfortunate that a movie this bad should have come from such a good company. The animation is amazing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really know where to begin with this. The director is obviously very very tired and is making an effort to try to make up for the previous movie which was so good, I really don't know why he thinks he can achieve the same type of magic again. I don´t know how it happened that he managed to produce a good movie like this again.  If you watch this movie, don´s anyone around here think that it is the same as "The Incredible Strange Film Show" (1996) or "The Lost Weekend" (2002) or something like that.  This movie really is not worth a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like watching people run for their lives with guns, martial arts, and karate, then you will like this movie. It is nothing but a cheap, boring, and unoriginal film. It reminds me when my grandma and grandpa were little. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing that struck me about this movie was the title "The Last Wave" - there was no "The" - but I did not like it. There were too many scenes, and they were all so artificial and unbelievable. I thought the movie was so boring I stopped caring for it. It was really not realistic. The movie made it seem like it was made by a group of high school students, and it was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can see this movie was if my cat's Meow the mouse. But the mice in the movie are actually so dumb I can't even notice them. I don't know what the purpose of this movie is. I hope that a wise wise director has a good idea to use this movie to show people the real effects of a bad film.  I gave this movie a 1 because of the fact that the story line is a parody of "Pulp Fiction" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a reason for this movie, and for anyone who has seen the movie it is the most horrible movie I have ever seen in my life. The script is weak, the direction is terrible, and the movie is completely uninteresting.  It is one of those movies that is bad to look at. The movie is so badly made that I would advise people not to waste anytime to see this movie. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth watching.  It is very bad and not funny at all.   This was very disappointing, it is not funny and I really think it is the worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was made a while back, and I found the movie very boring. So, I tried to watch it, but could not.  I think I would have to say that the story is very very weak, the characters are unsympathetic, and that the director/producer did not make any effort to create any new perspectives.  It's all a big waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole plot of the movie is a load of rubbish. The main character is a guy called Adam and his two buddies play a horrible version of Lord of the Rings. The three main characters are played by Adam's friends. The movie is completely uninteresting, the script is terrible and the acting is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie, was good. The acting was good, but the rest of it is horrible. It was funny in the beginning, it was bad, and it was just plain bad.  This is the movie that people should avoid. The movie is not good at all, it is not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I have to say that it is a movie with a plot. If you have any idea, just put some real life events in your movie. You'll be amazed. I mean, when you look at a baseball player and say "how can he throw a ball that far?" He'll say "I can't" and then throw it a second time, and it still isn't that far.  The acting is poor. The plot is a joke.  This movie was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen it all. It is badly acted and boring...  The acting is terrible...  I will try to sit through the whole movie and I am amazed how it makes it to the end.  The plot is horrible. It was like a movie that was written in 5 days.  I am surprised that the director didn't try to make a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first film I ever saw was about a former POW who comes back to his homeland after 10 years. He gets picked up by the local authorities and taken to a hospital where he has to live. The hospital is run by Dr. Joseph, a very old man who has become a very good natured doctor, who gives the POW a few days treatment.  Joseph has his eye on the young Michael, and decides to give him a couple of weeks of rest, then he gives Michael a shot.   Michael gets better and better, so the doctors gives him more and more shots.  There is a bit of good acting, but the script and direction just don't work together. The result is a very weak movie that isn't too bad, and I give it a 3/10 for being on Showtime. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am very disappointed with this movie, as it is very mediocre and the director/director could have done much more with his time and money.  It has not a single redeeming factor in this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you see this movie it is a waste of time. There is not one funny line, not even the worst. The only good part was the end credits at the beginning and the acting. If you want to waste your time see the movie The Movie Maker. I give it a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was so angry with the film that I turned the DVD player off just before it began and ended up screaming obscenities like a kid. It wasn't a bad film. The acting was bad, the script was horrible, and I'm surprised that I sat through it. It was just bad, I guess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read a couple of reviews and saw "Troll 2" and "The Goon" and thought they were funny movies. And they were! Not only are they better than the first two, but they're worse than the original! The jokes are lame, the acting is awful and the sound effects are awful. It's really bad that I'm giving this a rating, I'm a horror movie fan, and this movie is the only movie I've seen that is worth watching! The only good thing about it is "The Corpse Vanishes", which is really a good movie.  My rating: F  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What is the purpose of this film? To start with the obvious, it was the first movie with the bad guy running and yelling.  But this is not the only reason I give this movie a score of 1. It has other problems that could make a 10.  The main problem I found is the fact that it is made on the Unreal engine (Cinema engine, that is). The director clearly needs the money and time to create a decent movie.   So I decided to make a movie that would be good, but not great, and I believe that this is the only way to create such a movie. This movie should have had the same goals, but was not good at all.  I think the director was trying to show his talent in the movie, but I would suggest watching the movies from "The Dreamers" or "The Secret Games of Dr. Morbuis" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a rip off of "Animal House", "101 Dalmatians", "Beauty and the Beast", and "Toy Story" among others.  This movie isn't funny or interesting at all. The story has nothing to do with the story. It is all about the animals and the human beings trying to get them to like them.  The actors are poor. The script is terrible. The special effects are lame.  I give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bad, terrible film. The acting is awful. The plot is weak. The cinematography is bad.  The only good thing about this movie was that it was shot in black and white. I like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just watched this movie. I have to admit that the first half was really the highlight of the movie. It was so awful that it was a real disappointment. The whole movie was nothing more than a few silly scenes of girls undress. A few people may like it, but I don't really care.   It was also just boring and boring. The acting was very poor and the story was not interesting.  There was no real thrill to the movie and the ending was so tacked on that I wanted to leave. I was left with nothing.  It would have been a nice movie to watch on a rainy day with the family. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A man is attacked by a mysterious woman, who is dressed in black and is walking through the woods of America with her black hoodie over her head. The woman turns into a monster and tries to rape the man, but he escapes and is tracked down by another mysterious black woman who tries to prevent the attack.   This movie is very bad, the acting is awful and the plot is bad. The movie tries to be like "The Hills Have Eyes" or "The Santa Claus 3" but fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of the show and was looking for something to do on my Christmas list, so I thought it would be a great idea. I am very sad to say that it was. I wish the series was longer. The only show I like was Family, not even that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes of the movie had me thinking "This movie is a trainwreck."  And what the hell was that movie?  It was a train wreck. The acting was awful. The plot was predictable. The characters were boring. And the ending? Oh my lord! This movie sucked.   I watched the first 5 minutes of this movie and was completely sucked in. The only good part was the ending.  The only reason I give this movie an "4" rating is because it is a really bad movie.  And I would never recommend it to anyone other than the few people who like train wrecks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this movie many times and it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The story is a bit vague, but I think this movie is a waste of time and money.   It is obvious that the director didn't have a clue how to make this movie work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought that this movie is the worst movie I have ever seen.   The story is lame, and it is badly directed. The actors are awful. The sound is terrible.  The movie was awful. It was boring. The jokes were stupid. The script was bad. The acting was horrible.  I don't understand why people like this movie.  It is one of those movies that you don't have to pay money to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a sea of crappy, drugged out movies, this was one of them. A truly awful movie, really awful.  This movie is not even bad in the first place. It is not interesting at all.  I do like the idea of the movie, and think the director should be embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a pretty bad movie. If you read my review of this film, you will realize that it is a total waste of time. I would have given it a rating of 0, since I think it was more like a 2 or a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to be honest with you, as the title of this film is.  I saw it in the early afternoon on my local TV channel and I came home and turned the TV off. I went back to my room and turned on the movie again. The scene I saw in the movie is a little longer and there are some great shots.  So the movie has a lot of scenes and bad editing and acting.  What I did was watch it for myself. I saw how bad the editing was. The acting was awful. The editing was way too intrusive. The camera was way out of focus, the angles were bad and the camera wasn't even steady.  The plot was terrible. The script was awful and the script was bad. The ending was terrible, and the ending alone made me hate it even more.   This movie wasn't good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the man who gets killed by a mob, and tries to get revenge by going around ogling strippers and prostitutes is pretty much set in stone. It starts with the old man offering his condolences to the dead stripper's family, and the mob coming around and ogling his dead body, with the dead body later being found and laid to rest by a local. The next day the dead man is back, and is shown to have gotten a good burial.  This movie is not good, but it is nothing compared to the awful film "The Hills Have Eyes", and is the second worst film I have seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone else said in the beginning of this movie, I was just plain confused as to who these "bad guys" are. I mean, really, the whole movie seemed to be, from the first scene to the last, nothing but a waste.  This movie was a stalker movie. There is nothing suspenseful about this movie. And I mean the "plot" was just crap.  What was that "scary" scene in the very beginning? Oh my God! I don't know. It was one of the worst "scaries" I have ever seen in my life. It had nothing to do with this movie other than being plain confusing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a local cinema with my friends, and the movie was completely terrible.  I felt that this movie was very, very silly.  My biggest complaint is that the acting was bad, and I feel like I can only hope that the people who saw the movie as I did, had the same reaction as me when I first saw it, and didn't understand it as I have done on other movies in the past, because the people are so dumb.  Also, I thought that the plot was very stupid and didn. The movie is so bad that you can only take it seriously if you are a fan of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of this movie was enough to make my stomach hurt... but this movie really sucks... It's horrible. The acting is bad. The script is bad... the plot is bad.. the movie is terrible. I could go on. I'm going to.  The movie is very boring... very very very un-funny.... just horrible... The only good parts are the ending and the credits. I would have given this movie a score of 1 or 2.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason to watch this film is to see the wonderful Richard Brooks. He was the main actor in the film. He is so unsympathetic, that he was the one who gave the film such poor direction. It was the film in which Brooks' acting is so wooden that it hurts your eyes. It is really difficult to believe that he made this film, and then directed it. I think he was forced to do this, and he was really forced to watch it because of the great talent involved. I don't know what the story was about, because I didn't know anything about Richard Brooks, or the director.  I just saw a trailer of this film on the DVD. I could not believe what I saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts well. It is interesting. I did not expect much from the beginning. The acting is very bad. I found myself yelling at the screen, "Why are they all so vicious? This movie is a joke!" I mean, come on! It is like saying that the Titanic was a joke!  And the movie is just a joke.  If you are looking for a funny, dumb movie, then I guess you are not in luck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the Tribeca Film Festival. The only thing that was funny was the casting of the 4 main characters in the movie.  There were 2 main jokes that i could get:  1) the guy played by Jeremy Irons.  2) the guys dancing at the beginning of the movie which was absolutely lame.  3) the girl who played the girl next door played by Rachel Ward.  4) the acting of the "buddy" who played a very annoying little friend played by Dyan Cannon.   I think this movie is about an autistic kid that is forced to sing and act like everybody else in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years ago I started watching this movie and the first 5 minutes of it I was really impressed. The only really good things in this movie were the very end.  But I got more and more impressed with every minute, the story just seemed to keep going and the story was getting boring. I mean, really.    I really want to believe that the people who made this movie could really believe they did something good, but I don't believe them. It's just sad that this movie was a success and this movie deserved better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a sad one. The actors were bad. The plot was bad.  The story is bad. I mean really bad. It is like when you watch a bad horror movie. The movie is like watching a bad vampire movie.    Don't waste your time with this one, you will only be sadder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie. The story is bad. The movie is boring. The acting is bad and the story is...boring...borbing. This movie is the only thing that made me laugh.  I could watch this movie without blinking, but I don't think I could laugh. The jokes are stupid. The direction is terrible. The script is bad...borING.  This movie needs to be removed from the movie theaters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this movie was pretty bad. The whole movie is nothing more than a piece of crap. The script is awful, the acting was bad, and the whole plot is bad. I mean, I can't even express how awful this movie is. I know what you're saying, this was a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I love the acting, I love that the story is lame, I even love the cinematography. The music, the camera, it's all so amateur that you can't even feel that you are watching the movie...  I've been reading some other comment about how this movie is bad, that I'm just making it up, but this movie was bad and the acting was awful...  All in all I don't really recommend this movie... the only good thing I can say about this movie, is that it doesn't make any sense at all... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a low budget project from someone who spent money on it. The acting is terrible. The plot is very uninspiring. The production is so bad it was laugh out loud at the end. The characters are terrible. There is not one funny scene. The worst of all is that the plot is so weak. I gave it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In an apparent attempt to recreate a scene from the movie "The Grudge" - it fails in every way possible. The acting is poor and the script is weak - this is no way to watch a movie with a script that works. It's a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've read the book twice and I must say it's just that the film didn't follow the story. The actors in the book were pretty good. I'm surprised how the film was able to capture the book without having to make any changes in the story, the characters or the book. It felt like the book was a film. It was painful to watch a book with a lot of bad language in it, but that's how the book is supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an attempt to show a little insight into a bad Hollywood movie, and as such it fails to do so.  I was intrigued to see this film, but as I read reviews on IMDb I found them extremely harsh.  As such I decided to watch it and see what I was missing in the reviews. The first five minutes of the film are interesting, but then it goes down hill fast.  What really shocked me was the fact that I sat through the whole movie, even though I know I could.  The acting is terrible, the story is poor and the only two people who gave it a rating were one of the producers and the director.  It was interesting to see how much of the story was lost in the editing, which I think is why the rating was high.  This film should be removed from the public. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to see this movie is if you're a fan of James Bond, but if you've seen The Man With The Golden Gun, you'll be forced to see The Man Without Gold.  I'm just going to be blunt and say that the entire movie is a complete failure. The characters are dull, uninspired and just not all that interesting at all. I can't believe it was a waste of £7.50. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I watched this movie is because I am a huge fan of Stanley Tucci and his movies. The other reason I saw this movie was because I love seeing his movies and I found this movie a prime choice for me.  I think this movie tries too hard to be 'The Incredible Mr. Limpet' and 'The Amazing Mr. Peralta' and fails to deliver.  This movie is like a bad remake of 'The Rookie' (I think), except for the fact that the actors do not deliver a realistic performance and the movie is really a stilted mess.  There is really nothing special about this movie. It is just awful and boring.   I will be sad to see the sequel, as I am sure that this movie will be much much better than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is absolutely awful. The first two hours are very much a slap in the face to the audience and they are very unhappy to sit through it. The characters are extremely unrealistic. The script is so terrible. The acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about an ex-cop, Alex, who goes after a drug kingpin, a former co-pilot of his who is now in prison, and a group of people who try to get their money back by scamming the ex- cop for money in the form of stolen diamonds. The movie tries to be realistic about the actual world of drug dealers and the people who they are dealing with. It also tries to give the impression that the drug dealers are just people who happen to live in a bad neighborhood and are dealing drugs for a living.  The director tries very hard to give his audience a feeling of how bad life really is and what it feels like to live there. It tries to show us how the drug dealing world is and it is not all that glamorous at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I don't think this movie was made in 1993. But I don´t know, because it doesn´t look like the movie that it is. The acting is so bad, I gave it a 3/10.  The plot is so predictable, it is not believable, it was very hard to follow, it´s not scary and it doesnít have any emotional impact on the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen. I don't know how you could go wrong with this.   I have no idea how I could give this a rating of 3 or 4... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this film with some friends on Cinemax, and we found it to be so painful that we gave it a shot, and had a great time.  We are a little amused by the way that the story is set up. It is a little too corny for the first half, but the plot is really bad. The actors are bad, and the movie is bad.  I give it a 4.5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really just bad. It's just bad garbage.  The plot is terrible. The special effects are awful. The script is horrible. The direction is worse than a bad home movie.  I would suggest investing your time watching this movie. I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original movie has been a long time since I have seen it. The plot has been changed. The characters are stupid and the movie is no longer even about children or animals. I saw it on a Saturday night and I am just glad I didn't pay money to see it.  The movie was so boring I was sick to my stomach and left the movie to go to the bathroom. It was really bad that it was fun to watch the movie. I did laugh at the movie, and I was not sick at all. I have no idea why it was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to like this film, but I really wanted to, but when I saw it, I was disgusted.  I wanted to see a decent movie, but to my surprise, this was the worst movie I've ever seen.  The only thing that was interesting was the acting, which was horrible, and the script, which just made everything into a big joke.  If I had been there on the day I watched this, I would have died of fright, the sound effects would have been very annoying, and I would never have cared about the ending.  This film really should have been removed from theatres. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a movie, "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" is a stalker movie.  I mean, come on. It is a horror movie with bad actors. And I am amazed at the good acting.  It is not funny.  No story.  Well, it is not good.   This is the movie that I would be ashamed of.  And I do mean shame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A big fat steaming pile of fetid dingoes kidneys and a bunch of bad American tourists get lost in the jungle and wind up in the company of a couple of dingoes who apparently have no sense of loyalty and have adopted a new lifestyle of cannibalism.  What follows is a plot where a group of bad guys, led by a pair of very good hunters who seem to have a penchant for taking out all their opponents, get together a plan to rescue the group of missing Americans and free them of the dingoes' clutches. Sounds kinda interesting but I guess it's all about the money and the thrill of the chase. The guys just wander around looking for money while the tourists take the scenic route to their destination of finding a mate for the night.  The movie is not very interesting, it's a big fat rip off of "Animal House" which I guess has been lost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a gut feeling this was a typical "Wes Bentley" movie. I was really, really, annoyed. I have not read the book, so I don't know why I was so scared...  The acting was poor, the story not interesting, and the characters not realistic. The film could have been so much better.  I really wish i could give this film a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very bored by the first 5 minutes of the movie, but I really didn't pay attention to the movie after that. The plot was not what I expected from the first 15 minutes of it. The only good thing was that the first half of the film was okay and the movie is a bit boring. I did not enjoy this movie at all. I also did not like the last half of it, which is where the real story begins.  This movie is not that bad, because the story is boring and the acting is not very bad. The movie was boring, and that's the only reason why I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an experienced movie buff but this movie just drags on and becomes tiresome. I guess the director had too much fun watching it.  I would like to be able to fast forward through the movie and get to the good bits. I am really looking for a good story that doesn't go on for two hours and just gets better and better.  The acting is bad, the script is bad and the editing is just bad.  Overall, a bad film that was a waste of 88 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is very poor. I have to admit I enjoyed the plot and the characters in this film. I'm not a big movie critic or anything, I'm just someone who was bored by the film and felt that it was trying to do something more than it could achieve. I've seen a lot worse movies, and this one doesn't qualify as one of them. I could even recommend this movie to someone who is interested in seeing a movie with an ending that will make them laugh and they will probably feel very unsatisfied. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that most foulmouthed moviegoers wanted to see when they saw it on the cinema.  The acting is bad, and the story is poorly written.  This movie should be banned for all time.  If you want to see a good movie, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's the worst movie I've ever seen, and even I can't really see why, for all its good-looking actors, I've never seen such terrible movie.  If you like "Walking with Cavemen", this is not one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be so bad I had to watch it. It is so bad, and is so poorly directed that you can actually see what the writer is trying to do. This film is so painful, that I thought I would be able to laugh at myself.  There is no real story, and it could have been so much better if the acting was more focused on acting and plot. It reminds me of the movie The General. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a very short time, the only positive reviews about this movie are from the fans. They should be ashamed to be basing their opinions on the words of others, because they're basing it on a very bad script. The director should be embarrassed and ashamed.  It's really bad that he was the only one who actually did a good job.  I hope that this movie gets released soon, and that the actors learn how to act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good thing about this movie is the soundtrack - I have to say that the music is the only thing that was good about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you liked the first one don't watch this movie. It is not funny or amusing at all. It contains a ridiculous plot that is nothing new and should have been removed from the movie for a few years, then maybe it would have become a cult classic. But instead it becomes a complete waste of time.    The story is about a small town called "Big Bean" and the inhabitants have a weird lifestyle that is very unlike anything seen in the first movie.  One of the weirdest residents is played by the main character "Eddie" who has a very strange fascination with the area's history. He is constantly trying to dig up some sort of ancient book that is buried in the town. The movie is not about the history of the town but about the weird activities of Eddie's friends who try to make him believe in the book.  I do not think this movie is very good at all 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I give this movie a rating is because it isn't an action movie, but is a movie that really is bad. The movie is so bad, that you really don't believe the director or the crew. The story is weak, the acting is bad, the movie is bad enough. The ending is stupid. The film is so, that I could watch it with my eyes closed and not believe that this movie could be worse than the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is so incredibly, I have not seen the story before.  I just saw the movie for the first time and it was terrible. The director should of just stayed home and made more movies. The plot was bad, the ending was bad and the director should not waste his time.  If you liked the movie, then I guess you have a problem with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very disappointed with this film, because I have seen nothing to recommend this movie, other than that the music was too stiff and intrusive. I think it is very strange that the movie is so terrible that it is good and that the people who disliked it so strongly. I am not very knowledgeable about the movie, but I can see the people having a hard time sitting through it, but not caring. The music was very intrusive and didn't fit in with the rest of the movie. The plot wasn't very good, nor was the ending.  This was a bad film, with bad performances and music. I would like to see the movie again, and then I can give an opinion about the song. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this film is nothing more than a poor man's bad movie, with bad actors and no good story. This is no way to spend my time. This movie is nothing to spend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this film is that I wanted to see how bad it was. This movie is a big waste of time. I just wish the writer and director would stop making movies and make movies that are good, that is all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to rent this movie for a class assignment, but I was a poor student and had to watch this movie. Well, after I watched it, I realized that it wasn't a bad film. The acting was awful, the story was boring, and the ending was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad. I was waiting for the movie to end and it never came. The story was weak. The direction was poor. I guess I was just tired of all the melodrama and wanted to turn it off after 3/4 of it. I think it would have been better if it stayed with the original story and then it would of been great. The only good parts were the 2 or 3 parts that were good. I don't understand the appeal of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is bad movie. It's just bad movie with no real message. I guess I'm like a fan of "Whale Music" or "Smooth Criminal". I'll watch anything to get my mind off of this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure why this movie was so poor. If it wasn't for the movie, I would give this movie a rating of a 2. It was very very very boring, and I think the movie could have used a few good scenes to show how bad this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read several books and have seen a few bad films, but this was nothing more than a pathetic rip-off of the God-awful film "Godzilla", starring the same actors. The two films are so similar that I almost walked out halfway through and just walked out.  I do not know what is going on with the DVD extras, as they are the only thing that made me pay attention to this film. I have never seen anything like this before, and I am sure it is not the worst film I have ever seen.  If you want to see a good movie, I suggest checking out "Godzillar" (2003), "GodZilla: Ascension", or "Zombi 3: The Awakening", because they are more entertaining than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie the first time in about a year. It was so bad, so bad it was good. I'm surprised that I even watched it again.  It was like watching a bad TV movie. There is no thrill in it. It is so bad that the first 10 minutes were so boring, I wanted to stop the movie. I watched it for about 5 minutes and then I just started to hate it again and again. The story is about a female high school student who gets a new roommate and ends up sleeping with this guy. The sex scenes were just horrible. The acting was horrible. I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a history with science fiction movies, and it is mostly science fiction. I have seen some good ones, but I have never seen anything like this. The main reason being that I am a big sci fi buff and have not seen many bad sci fi movies, but when I saw this movie I felt I was completely out of my mind! The only good thing was when I was walking through the movie hall when the movie started, but it never got that bad, and I felt like it was trying to be "The Return of the Jedi" or something, and the whole thing turned out to be the worst movie ever. I would like to like to say I don't recommend this movie to anyone, just because of how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie with my friend at one of his local midnight movie theatres. It's just a movie. And it's boring.  I would not recommend the movie to anyone unless you are very easily entertained by mindless films and want to make your own stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was good. The acting was poor, the script was good, the cinematography was good and the music was good but i don't really like it.  The thing i did like about this movie is the concept of the main character being a vampire. I am not a fan of vampires but this movie doesn't take any vampire lore or the vampire myths very seriously. It seems like a poor remake of the American Vampire story. I would recommend skipping this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an absolute fan of the Lord of the Rings and the LOTR I found the movie to be an awful movie with the least redeeming qualities. The movie is so bad, that it made me not even like it as a horrible piece of turd that I would hate to sit through.  The first half of the movie was good, but it really didn't make up for the fact that it was so bad. The story is nothing more than a collection of turgid taffes that is about a wizard who, after learning of his death has returned to Middleton to seek the help of his fallen friend. He finds a ring that he can use to destroy the ring-wraiths, and he uses it in a ritual to resurrect a fallen paladin from the dead, who in the process is given a vision of a great rainbow.  It's actually really kind of strange, but I think it's a bit corny, and the movie has no redeeming value at all. I give it a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some good movies out there. The "Love in the City" is one of the worst. This movie is bad, bad, BAD. I mean BAD. The story of a group of friends who find themselves caught in the middle of the love-hate relationship is really stupid. It was very slow-moving and boring. I found myself turning my head away from the screen. It really made me angry. I was mad that I wasted time with this.  The movie was not good at all, so I don't recommend this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the title says it all right? Well, I don't think so. It's a rip off of the title of the great James Bond movie "Golden Eye". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are like me and you like the music of Lordi, you will find yourself getting annoyed by the ridiculous plot of the movie.  The movie starts out well enough, but the next 5 minutes are completely different.  Lordi is an annoying movie. The music is terrible, the characters are not interesting and the movie is not interesting at all.  My recommendation: watch the movie with friends and leave the soundtrack on for 10 minutes or so to get annoyed at the stupid movie. It will be much better after that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film twice, but both times I didn't have the same feeling when I saw it as I did when I first saw it. It was very badly done, and I felt like watching it was the only way to feel something.    The plot of the movie is not realistic, and it is very boring. The actors should be embarrassed, as I was, to have made such a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main reason to watch this film is for the music. The songs are pretty bad and are not worth listening to. I think that the director should be removed from the movie. I am glad that there are still people who enjoy watching crappy music videos.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say about this movie? The acting is terrible. The characters are the worst of the bunch. The script is the worst I have ever seen in my life.  The movie has been likened to The Godfather, which is not an insult to The godfather, because the godfather is a very powerful character in the story. I would not go that far.  There is not much in the way of plot. It is simply not interesting to watch the movie and the director does not have the ability to make a good movie.  This movie is not worth renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is stupid, and the acting is poor and amateurish. The plot, the story, the dialogs...  I give this movie a 1/10 just because of the acting. The rest is... just amateur.   I have no idea...   Please, just do not waste your time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worthy of your time, or even your time investment. The only reason I watched this movie was because the trailer promised an interesting story, and I was so wrong. The acting is poor, and the story is not interesting at all. This movie makes a mockery of the movie industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story begins promisingly with a young couple, and they want to make a movie together. A friend of the couple says she has seen a movie she liked in the last few months.  Well, it is a typical movie of the seventies. A woman leaves her husband for a chance to make her own film, and a couple of years later, she is in need of money again.   Well it was all just that typical.  The film is about a woman (Roslyn Arquette) who returns to the house she grew up in to pay off debts. One day she and her husband (William H. Macy) are walking to their doorstep when a neighbor (Walter H. Barrymore) drops off a mail. They are shocked to see a movie from a man named "Barrymore" in their driveway.  They are astonished because they expected a serious, but rather cute film from Barrymore. And they are shocked because they never knew anything about Barrymore before.  What happens next is just a mess. Roslyn and her friends start to make it look like a serious film, but as it gets more serious, they realize they have made a big mistake. They start questioning why this film was so terrible. What they find is that a film that is supposed to be serious is just so boring. And when it is not serious, it's still not good enough. And if it isn't boring, then it's not good.  And as Roslyn's friend starts questioning her, she finds that there is nothing to investigate. So she doesn't say anything more, she just watches Roslyn get a lot freaked out and confused. This just ends with a weird scene.  Of course, the rest of the film is so bad that you don't care about the characters, so why is this?  And what was the purpose of the movie anyway? The whole thing just ended up being weird and awful. The characters are dumb and they're so odd that you just don't have much of a plot.  This movie was horrible. The movie was bad enough to be good, and the acting is horrible. And the plot is so dull that you can't even understand it.  I give it a 2 out of 10, but it just isn't worth the price of admission. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is interesting. The first twenty minutes are quite interesting. Then there's an hour long long chase with no explanation. That is pretty much all the time you get.  The movie is full of chase scenes. The chase itself looks like they are shot in a day, and the chase is so slow you almost forgot about the chase at the beginning and just fell asleep.  This is probably the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful. It was badly directed and I don't know why it wasn't withdrawn from the market, especially as it was such a terrible sequel.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I have not seen a movie with such a bad script, and the movie is filled with terrible music and amateur actors.  The plot was weak and the characters were pathetic.  I gave this movie a rating of 1 star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is possibly the worst film I have ever seen in my life. The main problem is that it is an incredibly pointless and uninteresting film. The plot is completely uninteresting, the characters are uninteresting and the movie is absolutely nothing more than an hour long.   I'm not saying this is a good movie, but I am saying that I watched it because I am a big Michael Keaton fan. It made me laugh out loud a few times, I mean that's how I got the feeling.  This film is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the first 2 movies but the movie in the last 1 and a half hour is really bad, it's really really not bad at all. I think the movie is really boring, really stupid, badly directed, and the whole thing is really just a collection of one set up for another.  I think this movie is just a waste of time and I really think there are too many plot holes in it to even notice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that struck me about the movie is the acting. It's poor. The cast is all terrible. The script is so-so, the direction is so amateur, the casting is all amateur. It really is all a piece of trash...  I'd give it a rating of 2.5/10, but I really don't care. I don't think there is any chance that this movie will ever be released on video. It is the worst movie I have ever seen... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie about 8 years ago when it came out in theaters. I watched it in the middle of my night on TBS. I wanted to see a movie about a group of teens that get together in the woods to play baseball, get a beer, and maybe smoke pot and play some good old fashioned fun.  Well, my friends and I had a fun night together and we all decided to watch this movie. The acting was terrible. It was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. The only thing that made me laugh was when the main character started crying the entire time. He was so haggard and could not stop crying. His eyes were practically glued to the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen movies about this kind of movies, so I've decided to write this one. I saw it in the early '90's and it was pretty bad, so it was boring.  Now I understand the movie is based on the true story of the real life relationship of Ms. Curtin and Mr. Curtl. And if that's all I knew about it, I would have to admit that I never knew about the actual relationship of the two people. I'm glad they made a movie about it because they made the real relationship between Mr. and Ms.Curtin more real to me, and I thought that was the movie that people were looking for.  I guess I can't complain too much about the movie, because I don't know why people hated it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few things about the movie before I write my review. I watched it because I like the acting, the plot and the plot. I was very bored, and I hope that I won't waste too much time commenting about it, because this movie is just plain awful. I don't recommend it to anyone except for people who are really bored... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that was really worth watching was the acting. The whole thing started to feel a lot more artificial and artificial as the film went along.  The plot was bad, and I was very disappointed with it.  My biggest problem with the film is the fact that the whole movie seems to be a one-joke, all-in-one-jokes sort of thing.  In the end, I just found myself not caring for the characters any more.  If you like the movie, then watch the original animated feature! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one big joke...I don't know what to say. I was watching it with some friends on my own and laughed out loud the whole time, "This movie is like a bad Twilight Zone episode...no jokes, no action, no nothing!"  The story was boring, the characters didn't even act. It was funny and the acting was bad.  I watched it with my friends who were bored and watching it only because they were bored. I mean it was so bad I had to fast forward through the whole movie and watch the end because I was laughing so hard at the characters and jokes...  My summary: I don't recommend this movie...if you like low-budget films, go for it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just terrible. The story is just terrible, the jokes were just silly and the characters just don't care about the movie at all. It's like they watched the movie and said "Oh, now we're finally going to end this thing!" Then when it was over and they got up and said something like "I want my money back," they said "oh well... I guess I'll have to get my money's worth." It's not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first movie, then this is for you. If you didn't like it, don't waste your time watching this movie. It's not very good, but it's not the worst movie I have ever seen. It is just the opposite. It was awesome. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is bad, the characters are dull, and the film is badly shot and edited. The director has no personality and no talent at all.  I have seen some pretty good films in my time, and I have watched only three of them and this is easily the worst I've ever seen.  This film is so badly written and edited that you have to keep watching it and it will just make you hate it. The film is full of unnecessary, trivial and silly plots. It's boring, tacky and amateurish.   If you don't hate this film, you will hate yourself for watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As far as I know, this is the worst movie ever made. It is so badly acted, the jokes are bad, and the cinematography is bad. It was boring, uninteresting and the end was bad.  This movie was a waste of time and could have been better if I wasn't watching it in the beginning.  The best actor in the movie was the producer of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen a lot of movies, but this was really bad. It was badly directed, badly acted, and the script was bad.  The characters were weak, the story was boring, and most of the characters didn't act very well.    Some of the good actors did good work, and some of the performances were good, but the movie was boring and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only really good movie I saw in the first 5 minutes of this movie was The Mother in the Mirror. It was a little bit like The Mother (the mother of the story). The only other movie that came to my mind was The Man In The Mirror. This was more like a comedy. I don't understand how this movie is able to be so terrible, but that is the only movie that I have seen in the past few years that was bad.  I would like to say that the story was boring and the plot was weak, but I don´t think so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot: This movie is the result of a couple of days vacation time in a cabin with a friend. They are talking about the nature of life, when the two were in the cabin the conversation turned to the nature and became a discussion about life. This movie should be removed from public viewing and put in a museum, the acting was bad, and the plot is nothing short of pathetic.  I could have used better camera angles. This was the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the DVD set of this movie by accident, I was looking for something else to pass the time on a rainy day. I was very excited to watch it, and I am very glad I did. The story is set on a train. The acting is bad, the plot is weak and all of the actors are miscast. The only good thing is that the movie is so much of a disappointment that it was a surprise when I found out that I would have to watch this movie.   I found myself watching this movie because I was so bored and had no idea what I was seeing. There was no real plot, and the only thing that made me laugh was the characters, their facial expressions, and most of all, the sound. The sound is so bad I really wanted to turn the volume on full blast to drown them out.  I think this movie is really not worthy of even a rating, it should be removed from the DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only redeeming quality of this film is that it is so utterly dreadful. The plot is so incoherent and the direction is so terrible that you can hardly even see where the characters are.  I have seen some movies that were good, but I haven't seen anything so bad that it's good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main thing that is wrong is the casting of the 3 main actors, who are just plain bad boring, but the movie itself is the worst. The story is boring and the whole movie is badly done. The casting is bad. The plot is not interesting, the characters are not interesting and the end is not funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie and found that it was about some sort of ancient prophecy, and I was kind of thinking that maybe it was, but I ended up not caring. I found the movie a bit slow, and the plot seemed to be very weak, with too many things happening at the end to make me care.   I really do hope that the cast and crew get some help as they try to figure out what is going on. This movie seems to be, at least, to be a joke, but it was just a stupid waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say about this movie. Well i have seen the movie and after watching the movie i was really bored, and after that i decided to watch the movie again. So i went to my local cinema and watched the whole movie. The movie was bad, and i saw the movie with some friends of mine and we found the whole thing a bore. This movie is a crap movie with bad special effects and just plain boring cinematography.  The movie has a good cinematography and good directing. It has the same actors from the first movie and the same plot.  This movie does not give a very good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie many times, and I have yet to see it again. This movie is not a good movie. The plot is terrible, the acting is bad, and the movie just goes downhill from there. This could be the beginning of a new Star Wars movie. I really hope not.  I am going to rent the movie for the third time.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an avid reader of Stephen King and the movies that he makes for his home movie collection, I found this movie quite disappointing.  The acting is bad, and the story is lame.  As a movie this movie is a joke. I found it to be so bad, that I wanted to see the movie for the laugh, which I never did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot: There are a few lines that just don't fit. I found myself not caring about the characters and their lives at all, the only thing that bothered me was that it was too long. And this movie is, unfortunately, just too long at times.  I just hope that the writer and director got the plot of "Citizen Kane" and "The Shining" into their head.    There are too many subplots that don't explain anything. The lead character's mother dies of exhaustion after being attacked by a mysterious assailant. His father dies of shock and shock after being raped by a local thug.  And the final twist, the "nice" son who has no idea what happened to his mother dies and returns to his parents home to find his mother naked.  This movie is nothing more than a bunch of clams. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I would like to comment on this film, as it does not really come close to the "true" story.   The acting is bad, and the characters are not "real people", but just the "furniture" characters.  The plot is not true to the true story, it is nothing more than a plot device to try and pass a laughometer of approval.  And then the only thing that is good is the soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's obvious that this movie is based on the original "Sawd" - which was a good thing because it had good directing, a good story and great performances by all. However, after watching this movie I saw that the whole concept of the movie is far-fetched, and that makes it all the more painful to watch.  The story is predictable. The characters are all one-dimensional and flat - and there are no real surprises.  This movie could have been much, much better. I wouldn't say the story is not interesting, nor that it's not boring.    The only funny part of the whole movie is the ending. It really is the only good thing about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the film "Tyson" is a very bad movie. It is a waste of time, it is a dull movie. I know that in real life people behave differently. This film is not real. The acting is awful, the camera is too jumpy and all the actors are horrible. The plot is terrible. The cinematography is not interesting.  In conclusion, this movie is very dull and a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie that is supposed to be "dark" can still be considered "dark".  I am glad I spent the time to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has all the charm of a snail, except that of a good-looking lady. The story is weak, and the acting is poor. The acting is good, but the story is very weak.    All of the actors are very uninspired. The special effects are good. The sets are very fake looking. The dialog is uninspired and the whole movie is very low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some films in the history of film that are good in some ways, and it is a wonder when one comes across a film that isn't bad. But there is nothing quite like the 'The Moustache'...  This film tries to do too many things at once and the result is a very dull and disappointing film.  The film is the worst film ever made in history, I mean the last film to star William H Macy and he actually got a decent role.  I mean if it isn't for the fact that it is not a documentary but a made for TV movie I would give this film a 2 out of 10... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really quite surprised with the fact that I'd never seen a comedy that wasn't utterly boring, and not at all bad. I was really surprised with this film, I'd only ever seen one comedy that was bad, and I'd seen a lot of bad movies. But this one was awful. The acting was bad throughout, and the story was... bad. The plot was stupid. The humor was bad.  The movie had so many unanswered questions I couldn't finish it. I think I'll just leave this comment as is, because it's the last comment. I'd have given this movie a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was terrible. I don't remember the last time I was this bored to tears, but this one is beyond anything.  My wife and I watched it all because the acting was so awful.  The special effects are way beyond anything you've seen before.   The camera work is so terrible.  I'm going to write a comment on this movie: it's all just terrible. The camera is so shaky you can't even hear what's going on.  In conclusion, it's time you stopped renting movies from the likes of H.G. Wells and put them in a box and ship them to the attic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out okay. We're given an hour to see a couple of the actors perform their part. There are some great shots. The script is predictable and the story is so weak that it's hard to even notice. The only thing that's not a let down is the music. If you are going to waste your time watching this movie, don't. It's bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the first 30 minutes was okay, but after that point, it went straight to hell.  The acting was bad, the script was poor, and the plot was predictable.  I could not take my eyes off the screen.  If you want to watch a good movie, then watch The Rookie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can come up with a more honest and complete review is to be blunt: This is one of those movies that should have been made as a high-budget documentary. It's not.   If you like to laugh at the latest "B" movie fad, watch this one instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few people here have commented on the fact that this movie is bad, so let's take that a little bit more seriously. The story is about a group of four teenagers in need of psychiatric help. One girl is being raped by an old co-worker, so that he rapes her, the girl gets up, takes a shower and walks around naked, all the while the rapists get a cold shower and go about their business.  This is not even a good movie. It is bad acting, bad writing, bad directing, bad editing and nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I have seen every bad movie ever made. It's sad when you've got this much talent.  I'm glad I spent my time on this movie. I thought it was terrible and disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a general rule, if it is not "Worst movie" I would have trouble understanding why people may think it was a "so bad it's good" movie. I agree, if you were trying to be serious with a serious movie, it would be a "WOW!" movie.   But if you are going to watch a serious film, you have to have a good laugh track. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I do not like about the movie is that it is bad but I think the director made it worse by taking some random shots of the sky and just showing them randomly. This is very, very, VERY amateur film.  I was just talking to my friend, who is a big director, and he said to me: "Oh, I was disappointed when he didn't like it."  I don't know how this movie was bad. It was very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A friend of mine from the film industry suggested watching this movie with him. I said no. I think this movie is really bad, and I'm very surprised that so few people watched it.  The only reason that I watched it was because the soundtrack was so bad. It is so bad, it is painful, and the plot is so stupid, that it made me think it was my first experience of the terrible film industry.  I really do not understand how this film could have been made and what the hell was going on. I really hope that this movie was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As a film, this was a stilted piece of film that would be funny to watch in a bar. It is supposed to be funny and yet, it is laughably dull. It was even worse than the movie the guy made for the TV show.   The worst part of the movie was when the movie took itself too seriously and said that it was like a "Halloween-type" film. It took this seriously, because I found myself watching this film from the beginning with the same sort of glee and disappointment that I usually feel when I am looking at films that I dislike.  It is no more a comedy than a horrible horror-movie that was supposed to entertain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was really bad. It was bad! I was waiting for something to happen, and it never did. I mean, who can relate to a kid who made this film and actually get some enjoyment out of it? This is really just a pathetic waste of time. I guess I just expected something special from this film, but that's it.  The acting was terrible. The special effects were bad. The story was stupid. And the sound effects... it was awful. I can't even understand how this film was able to capture all of this on film.  I was really looking forward to this film because the last time I saw this was... the best. I think this was just bad. I didn't know how bad it was going to be, so I just kept on waiting for the payoff.  Oh, well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a positive review, this is a funny, not an awful comedy. I found it to be not very funny at all, and not even very watchable.  If you like me, you will find yourself laughing uncontrollably, because I found myself unable to stop laughing.   If anyone has any idea about making a movie that is actually watchable, I suggest you take a look at this movie, because if you do you will not be very successful in making a comedy, but you will be very unhappy in the end.  I laughed at this film because I was impressed by the concept of a movie, but that is all that it takes to make a funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie ever made. It has a plot and I mean it is BAD. I can see why the director/producer decided to make this film. I mean, if you are going to make a film that has to be watchable, then make sure that you are at least able to make something interesting, and you want your audience to think. This movie is not interesting at all. I'm not sure if this is one of those "let's get this over with quickly and have fun" type of films. If you are making a film with this much entertainment value, then I suggest you take your time to make your audience laugh a few times, then just have them laugh at the "funny jokes".  I mean really, this is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never a big fan of Bollywood action flicks. I was always a Bollywood lover, and I liked Bollywood films that were good at the time. I saw this movie for the first time on TV and I was shocked to see the action and violence being done by Amitabh in it. Amitabd did the best he could with the limited budget, and some parts of the movie just looked like they were done by a child. The action was very limited and at times the story didn't make sense. The characters were very wooden, and there was no action whatsoever. The only person who did good was Ajay Devgan as the main villain. Amitraj had no personality at all. Amitroona didn't have any special abilities whatsoever. Ajay did not look good at all, and the rest of the cast were all very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It starts off in a small, dark town, with the townspeople having an eerie night time meeting in a local bar, but as it gets dark and dark, the town becomes increasingly empty and eerie.  This movie is very boring and lacks a lot of energy.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone, unless they like watching spooky horror, but I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a male, not a big boy, and I have to say that I am not going to get into a lengthy discussion about this movie. I don't want to give anything away, since I am already in the process of writing this review, so I will just say this.   First, let me state the obvious. I have always been a big girl. In the beginning, I was very, very interested in this film. It was, after all, the very first film I saw with my own eyes (it was actually the first time I ever saw a film with a female as the lead in it). The film, even at its very lowest echelon, was pretty bad. The film was boring and lifeless and was so not enjoyable that I was practically yelling out "oh my God, the girl is absolutely awful, completely screwed!" It is, however, so bad that I have never seen anything like it.  So, if you are looking for a film that you will never forget, I would suggest looking for the original Star Wars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say, if you want to know a good movie, don't watch The Grudge, the other film starring Richard Belzer that came out at the same time.   But if you like the other films of the "Richard Belzer trilogy," you will like The Grudges.  And that's not because Belzer plays such a pivotal role, it's because of how he manages to make us believe that he is some sort of genius.  It's so bad that it actually gets boring and becomes a bit of a parody of "Citizen Kane," with Richard Belzers' performance being a parody.  The only thing that made it a "Richard-belzer-part-2-type" film was the way he played his role of the mysterious genius. The only "Cher" that I remember in the entire series is the one performance that I saw in "The Grudge," and that's all I remember about the "Chers" of the series.  So, in summary, the only "Richard-"3-movie-of-all-time" I will recommend is The Grudging. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad ripoff of the original "Whale Music", with the same soundtrack, a completely different story, and a completely pointless ending.   I'll admit that there are some funny moments in this film, like the scene where the whales get to sing for about 90 minutes. It was too long, I think, and I found myself laughing at the stupidity of the whale songwriter.  It's not just a bad film, it's a movie with bad sound effects, and it's so bad that it isn't even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed with this movie... I could not believe how bad it was. The plot was bad, the dialog was bad... and this movie is bad. If you want to see a good movie with good dialog and funny jokes, watch this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I'm not a big movie buff but I am really interested in seeing a decent plot. The plot is boring, the movie is all over the place, and the acting is horrible. This movie is, quite simply, boring. It is nothing more than a movie that was made because it was made to make money.  If you are serious about watching a movie for the fun of it then I'm sorry to say that you will be disappointed.  This movie will make you angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an embarrassment.  I have watched this movie for about 20 minutes, and all of it is bad.  It starts out cute, but really, you just cannot believe how bad it is.   The cinematography is poor.  The sound is bad, and the writing is terrible.  A couple of really good actors in this movie.  They actually pull off a couple of great performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say that the story is lame. This is because there's no character development, plot is corny, and the ending is just plain stupid. It's a bad script, the cinematography is crap, and it's just not entertaining. The only reason that it got such bad reception is because of the lack of acting talent. I mean, come on, come ON. The actors all give an average performance of about a B grade movie, and that's the only reason I give this movie a 2/10.  I actually like this movie, it's very corny and badly directed. I guess that's one more reason why I was able to sit through this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of this movie is like a typical "Worst Case of My Career" movie with a hero who is a doctor and the "supernatural" explanation is a mysterious virus. The second half is a completely different story, a story about the real doctors of the world who are "normal" people who have to find out what the mystery virus is and all they can do is make a cure for it.  And then the real virus starts killing the doctors in their beds in the hospital, with the doctor being the first to die of his disease.  This movie is just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A new movie starts. It is a bad remake of the classic "Whirlpool", a movie that never was interesting and never had an interesting story. So, I thought "Whiplash" would be the good idea. This movie starts out interesting.  The movie is a mess. The movie tries to be a good one and ends up becoming a horrible one. The characters are not interesting and not at all. They try to be funny and fail.  This movie is, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen. I think the directors should have just stuck with the original story and done something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a pathetic piece of filth and it is very disappointing that it has gotten so much flak.  It starts with a great shower.   I didn't like it very much because I am not a big fan of the genre and the movie reminded me of some of the bad horror films from the seventies.  This is really a very bad movie, and it really shows that there are movies that are just bad.  The acting was bad, and the story was not very good.  And the story is a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad horror film that was shot on a low budget in a couple of days. The only thing that made me not give this a shot was the cast. The people in this film were bad.  The movie starts off good and the story is good. It gets worse and worse as the movie progresses.  This film is a waste of time and could have easily been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the movie I saw it on Cinemax I didn't feel anything at all. The plot was a joke, nothing serious at all and the acting was bad. This is not the movie for the serious movie lovers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is an embarrassment.  The acting is awful, the characters are so wooden and illogical and the plot is so...  I give this film a rating of 0, just for good measure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the first two episodes, and like the others, don't watch this movie. I'm sure the cast would have a better movie to do, if the writer had the original intentions. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like Lordi then I guess you will enjoy this movie...   If anyone else like Lord of the Rings, Indiana Jones, The Terminator, Escape from New York, The Big Blue Monkey, or the Matrix...  then they will enjoy their time.  If any of those movies had an action at all... well then I will give this movie a 1... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bad rip. The acting is awful. The cinematography is bad. The directing is horrible. The script is bad... I give this a rating of 1 star out of 5. The only reason I give it a rating is because it is so very terrible. The plot is so un-funny, the characters are all one-dimensional... This is the worst film I have ever seen... I don't understand why people are rating this film such a big deal. I thought I was watching a documentary on the World Trade Center attacks. The people who gave this a 1 out of 10 are liars. The real rating is 0 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one respect, the acting was good, and it certainly seemed that the movie would be good if it was in the right hands. And there are some great performances, but it is still a bad script, badly directed and badly acted.  The plot is very predictable and not very good. The movie starts very interesting, and I think you can guess what is going to happen.  Some good shots, like the scene where the movie characters are sitting in the woods. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really did enjoy this movie, but I will not admit to enjoying it at all. The acting was horrible and the story was very weak. The movie is just not scary, the acting is not scary and the script is not interesting at all, except for the very end, but it was just plain boring. It just didn't have any real scares in it.  I would like to warn people not to waste their time on this movie. It is like a "B" horror movie, it's just not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is so bad, that it is good to watch and that is the case with this movie. The story is, that the story is about a couple of losers, who end up getting married after getting a job in an old neighborhood bar. One night the bar is getting hammered. The drunk customers are just there to watch the movie. Thats the movie, but the rest of the movie is, not. The movie has nothing good to say. If you like to watch drunk people who are having a good time, than this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an avid reader of science fiction. I had the plot nailed down. A meteor lands in Mexico. Scientists discover that the meteor is carrying a chemical called "Starch". The scientists go back to the lab and find that the compound reacts with water, giving them the ability to make new life. So they decide to put the compound in the water, and then the meteor hits Mexico and kills them all off.  I would suggest this movie as a curiosity. It does not make for the sci-fi thrill that it could have. It is a dull movie with a lot of holes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just not funny, and I am really surprised to see the rating given to it. I saw the movie at a friend's place and could not believe my eyes. It was terrible, badly directed, and had very little character development. The jokes were very bad, the characters were dumb, and the jokes were poor. The acting was awful, the dialog was stupid, and finally the movie was a failure. I think this is one of those movies that you could rent out of a library, watch the movie, and have a good laugh with your friends. It is really sad that I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film had a good premise, which is why I didn't go to the movie. I did enjoy the scene where the girl who played the lead ran into the woods and ended up getting attacked by bats. It's not the kind of movie that would scare anybody.  I'm not sure if I would recommend this movie to anyone. It is not a good movie, but I guess I just didn't enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just that the whole premise was just an exercise in bad taste, I found the whole movie to be lacking of taste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that you would think would be a good idea. If you like a bad flick, watch "The General" instead. It is more entertaining.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this film is for the performances of Richard Harris and Richard Grieco.  The film is not worth watching. I have no desire to waste my time commenting on the many plot holes and obvious goofs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two hours of the movie are actually interesting and intriguing, and are very well done. The story has already been written, and there is no real reason why it took a long time to realise what was going on. The only real reason for this is the script, which is very poor, as it makes the movie very dull.  The movie is completely uninteresting, badly directed, and very badly acted. It was really difficult to sit through, and not easy to understand, I mean it wasn't very interesting, and it had no plot.  It looked like a film that was made in the early 90s. The cinematography was bad, the story uninteresting and the acting was bad.  In conclusion, if you want to watch a film with an interesting plot and you want a decent and entertaining story, you would probably be better off watching The Omen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was really very poor and disappointing. I was really looking forward to seeing the movie, I was hoping something good would happen. So I went to see it.  And what a disappointment.  It's very much a parody of the movie "Saved by the Bell", except this time it isn't funny.  This is a very bad movie. I mean, I could laugh at this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this film was awful and very stupid, not that I have anything against American people, but it was a terrible and pathetic movie. I mean, the main reason I watched this film is because the acting was so poor, the script was so thin, that the plot was so weak, and I was hoping that it would get better as it went on.  The other reasons I had for watching it were because the story was so bad and the characters so stereotypical, the music, and the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a masterpiece, but it is just a cheap horror flick. The special effects are not impressive, and the plot is predictable.  I am glad that they made such a terrible film with a low budget and the actors were not good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film was that it was based on the book "On the Roof" by James Baldwin, and it wasn't.  The book was about a middle-aged African American man, Herman, who lives with his wife, Mildred, and their two children, and is on his way to meet Mildred's sister, Grace. Together they decide to take a ride on the roof of a prominent African American family in East Hampton, NY, so they can be with God.  Herman is on the ground, so to speak, when the rope breaks.  Then he finds that he can fly, and that he should try to do the same as he was before.   What a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is just bad bad bad trash, a waste of time. It has some good acting and a few good shots. There are no suspense, no action, no real story. And I really don't like how this film was made.  I guess it's good to watch and it does. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The thing with this movie is that the only thing I liked about this movie were the plot and direction. This movie would have been a much better movie.  The whole movie was a stilted mess. It wasn't funny at all. The special effects were OK.  This movie really does not have good acting, very poor directing, and not interesting at all, the whole thing is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was made in the eighties, when there were no good movies to be made, and no new ideas. However, by the eight-nineties there was an upsurge of movies that had bad dialog and nothing else. It's not because of the great talent, but because of a lack of good ideas.   In this case, "Faster than thou, son of mine, shall we sit down?" The writer should have been able to write a decent story if he had the good sense of humor to do it right.  However, the story is weak, and the movie is so boring you just wonder why this movie was never released. The movie is just a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at an old friend's place and was so bored that I gave it a 3 instead of 1. It was boring and uninteresting, it was not entertaining, the acting was bad, the story was bad. It looked like a kids version of Lord of the Rings. The only good thing in the whole movie is the music and the soundtrack was crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst film I've ever seen. I mean, come on, how can you even call a movie this bad. How could you even write such a bad film? I mean come on! I've seen some great films, but I've NEVER seen this bad movie. I'm guessing the producer must've gone home and put together some kind of, real-time sequel to the original. The only thing that was good about it was the great acting from some of the actors. I really think this was an extremely painful film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Ben Affleck fan, but this movie is really bad. Affleck's character is supposed to be an ex-cop turned Author, but he's actually an author, who lives a life of sexual exploitation.  The script is horrible, the characters are bad, and the movie just doesn't work at all.   Affleck tries his best to make the movie interesting, and it just isn't funny.  If you like Ben Afflecks, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if I can be bothered to watch a movie about a man who kills people for money. But I guess that is what I got from watching this movie.  I really could see the point of the movie. It makes a mockery of a person who kills innocent people. If I'm the person who made this movie, I wonder why he or she made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many movies that are bad. But this one is just a big pile of bad acting, bad story, bad special effects, bad music, just really really awful movie. The story is a bad one, and the director should just have left well enough alone to make a decent movie.   The only good thing in the whole movie is the soundtrack. I mean, it is just not that good.  This movie should be avoided at all costs, and just skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been watching this film for the past three days. The acting is bad, the story is bad. The script is bad (really bad) and the ending is bad...and the film is just bad.  This film is a prime example of a film that was bad. It was awful. It had potential. The film failed badly. The ending was terrible.  I would like to say I give a zero for this film, because there is really nothing redeeming this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie at the sundance film festival and I was looking for something more entertaining. The movie was, well, boring, boring and had very little action. The acting was bad and the directing was bad. The story was bad, the dialog was bad - the only cool movie I saw at the festival was "The Last Wave" and I think this movie was a let down of the "Last Wave"    I do wish the movie was longer, but that's all I can say about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was so incredibly that I had to go back and see if this was the kind of movie I'd want to waste my time on.   What we get is an implausible story that would have made me laugh out loud at first, but as soon as I started to laugh I knew that I was going to have to see it again.  I didn't laugh once, I don't even have a migraine anymore, and I can't even walk up to my computer to type a line.  It's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original story of the movie "Gone With The Wind" was not much better than this, however. This is a big, boring, predictable, badly filmed piece of trash. It is very difficult to tell who are the heroes in this movie.   The only good is to see how bad the "Gones" are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read the book "A Short History of Nearly Everything" and thought, what can I expect? It's not the book. It's just the movie. It is not even a short history.  I think I would like to be able to watch a short film with a few real facts about it and not just quotes from the book that I'm so attached to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of horror movies. The last time I saw this film, it was so bad I couldn't even finish it. The ending is so bad it was just unbelievable. The film is so boring that it hurts your eyes and you end up wondering why the film is that bad. I thought the story was too weak and the ending was way too unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts with some very intense action scenes, which is totally unnecessary. Then we are treated to scenes of the actors struggling to act. Some of the most interesting moments are the scenes where the movie takes place in a train station. It is completely ridiculous.   I found the film to be incredibly boring. The direction is bad, the editing is bad and the cinematography is awful.  The story is very, the story is not interesting and the actors are not even interesting. The only funny scene is the one where some guys are talking about how a terrorist group will attack.  It made me angry and angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know how to rate this movie, but if you see it as a parody of the "Gone With The Wind", you'll be sorely mistaken. It isn't. It's not even a parody, but a mockery of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical horror movie with some nudity, gore and a decent plot. But there's one scene where the viewer is screaming for help... and it is the only time in the movie I have ever seen that I was screaming for my mom. That's the only horror movie that comes close to being as bad as this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I can. It's a bad script, the dialog is poor and the direction is horrible. The plot is lame, the acting is bad, the script is bad and the directing is terrible. I would suggest taking the family to a museum and seeing it. This would be the most entertaining way of viewing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is full of terrible and pointless scenes.  I think that this film is so full of crap and I think the director should leave the editing and the directing to the pros and just let the story come to life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you have seen in "The Rock" the plot was good and the movie was interesting but the story was not bad and the story is a joke. The movie is bad and that's why you can't watch the movie anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really surprised at the quality of the movie. It's really a pity that I didn't pay attention to the story. I could tell that the actors are just looking for a paycheck and are making a really lame script. The plot is totally lame, and the whole thing is so badly written that I am astonished that it's actually funny. I don't really care what people say about the quality, the acting is terrible, and it's a bad film.  I give the movie a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of the movie starts promisingly. It is interesting to see a plot of this sort. I can't imagine how this movie managed to turn out to be a bit boring...  The characters in the movie are mostly of no interest...  It is a bad film, a big waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is so bad and poorly made, I wanted to kill myself with the DVD after watching it.  The plot is so weak and so unbelievable, that it's funny. The jokes are stupid, the movie is so boring and unoriginal and just plain terrible. I am surprised with the way the plot evolved, but I'm glad to see it end.  I will watch this movie, just to see how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie was bad, the movie is even better.  The new movie is just plain bad.   I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. The acting is poor. The direction is bad. The script is bad, and there is no real plot line. I could spend hours writing out how much time I put into this movie. The people who gave this movie a 10 rating should be embarrassed, because there are a lot of people out there who are going to rate it because of the plot line, or for the cast.  This is the second movie I have ever watched that was just awful. I gave this one a 1, I hope it will never get a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad, the movie was dumb. It was boring, and it was painful.  The ending was stupid, the last 5 minutes was terrible. The plot was predictable.  I can't believe people think this is good but I don't think so. I'm a mom. I love watching a movie about mommy's life. I do not understand the mother who was talking to her sister about this film. I would love to watch a movie that is about my life and struggles, and not some Hollywood crap movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a poor rip-off of "Cannonball" (1981) which also starred Walter Matthau. But it's all the same.  This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen.  The first hour and a half of the movie is the only thing that made me laugh out loud.   The rest of the film is full of tedious jokes, clichés, and cliches.  I can't really understand how the "plot" of this movie was anything other than poor.  In conclusion, this movie is an embarrassment to fans of "Hundstage" and "Cannibal Holocaust" as well as the legions of fans who watched the film expecting it to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie for the hell of it. I don't know why I bothered to rent it.  This movie is so bad it's good. The acting is so horrible, the plot is such a joke, and the acting and direction is so amateur, you'll laugh hysterically at the jokes.   I'm still waiting for this movie to end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I gave it a rating.  I watched this movie by accident, when it came out and saw how bad it was.  The movie starts out very well, but as I progressed through it I got more and more annoyed.  When I tried to finish watching I found myself not caring for the characters at all.  After about 30 minutes I just turned my volume on full blast and gave up.  What really annoyed me was the lack of story. The acting was so poor I was really mad.  So the movie was really bad, the story was boring and the special effects were crap, the music was awful.  This is not an awful movie. It's a bad acting, bad music and really really bad movie-making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is a joke and fails to convey the actual story of this film. The actors are amateur at best, the dialog is poor and the plot is incoherent.  The only highlight of this movie is the fact that it is so boring and boring that I stopped laughing at the beginning and had to rush out and rent something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was poor. The story was poor and predictable. The cinematography was boring and there wasn't much tension in it.  It just felt like a movie made for TV when the budget was cut to little more than $80 million dollars.  The ending left the viewer dumbfounded. There was no resolution. The movie ended with the viewer wondering what happened and what the director did with his life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of the movie was okay, and then the second hour was okay. This was a big disappointment, and the movie wasn't really bad. The movie had many plot holes in it. It was all boring. The acting was bad, and I really wonder how the movie made up its mind how to make a movie. The last half of the film didn't make much sense, it had a good ending, and that was the end of the story.  The movie really didn't show a good end, but it was the beginning of the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the past I have seen a lot of bad movies, but I was so bored by the last movie of this series that I turned my DVD player off after the first 20 minutes. I tried to watch the next movie in the series, and the only thing that kept me watching was the very long flashback scenes.  I really don't think I will watch this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been compared to movies like "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" and "Gentlemen Prefer Bluff". But they are nothing alike.  "Pulp" is a horrible movie with bad acting and horrible camera work.  If you want to see a good movie, you will not find it here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film at the Toronto International Film Festival, where it was a surprise. I wasn't even expecting a good film to go and it was disappointing. The story was boring, the pace was slow, and there was no real emotion. The director should never have let it go. The actors were all good, the camera was not moving, and it didn't add anything to the film. The cast is pretty bad, and the script is very bad.  It could be a great movie, but it doesn't live up to the expectations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was terrible. I watched it at home and had no idea how bad it was. I have not seen a movie since and the movie had some nice good acting but I thought it was just too much for this movie. I was also hoping for something more entertaining and I was not let down. I thought the movie was a bad script and had too much to do with a bad actor. I am glad that this movie got such a low rating from IMDb.  I have to say that I have never seen a bad vampire movie but I have seen horror movies and this was just a pathetic one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am really surprised.  This movie was so bad, I almost felt like I was watching an old, unedited version of the bible.    The whole movie is so incredibly badly directed, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. The director/writer must have been on something, but he just fell asleep on his chair.  The movie was horrible, and the actors were awful. The only thing that was good about this movie was the music.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I was looking for was a comedy about the two best friends of two young men. It's a cliché, a cliché that isn't new. The plot was predictable. The jokes were corny. I mean really corny  The other friends were dumb. I'm not dumb enough to enjoy them. They were annoying. They kept on asking stupid questions and I couldn't pay attention to them. The only funny parts of the movie were the "Mystery Science Theater" parts.  So if you are looking for a comedy with a good plot, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am glad i wasted 2 hours of my life on this crap. The movie is about a family in need of help, so they call their friend. The friend comes to their aid and the family is rescued. The ending was very stupid and disappointing. The best part is that there are only 3 songs in the entire movie and they are played in succession. They were so annoying. The acting was so terrible, i felt like i was watching the movie all over again.  The songs were bad. I am not kidding. I did not laugh at all during the entire film. The songs played were bad, the songs were annoying, the acting was terrible, the music was boring, and this movie was nothing more than crap.  My rating is a 1/10 because of the 2 hours I wasted watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is nothing special and the characters are all one-dimensional. The movie is so one-dimensionally bad I nearly wet myself with cold sweat, and I don't know why, because the characters were so boring. I mean, who can honestly say they acted like that? It just doesn't work.  I mean if you're going to make a movie with the same old plot, you should at least have the characters have some kind of personality.  Also, if you want to show your love for old movies, I suggest you make a re-play of the original and spice it up a bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this movie back in the eighties and seeing that I had to watch it, even though I knew it was made in 1981. It made me angry because I was watching a movie that looked so much like an old B movie.  It was so horrible that I was scared of the acting. I wanted to like the movie, but after watching it I couldn't even remember what happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "Whipped" is a muddled mess. There are some nice touches here and there, the story is so unqiue and un-linear and stupid that it has taken the form of a real novel. There is no real development of characters and no real story. It just goes from one pointless plot point to another, and then another, like the movie "The Good Girl" in the eighties.  "Whipping" has a bad mary tone and no story, and yet is still an alright movie. The acting is so bad that I'm surprised that it lasted this long, considering the low rating of only two or three. I'm glad I didn't pay for this crap, but it was too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an avid fan of Sci-Fi and Horror flicks and was very excited to see this movie come out. I thought I would like to see it with all the excitement of watching a movie that never came. I was so excited and angry I wanted to rent the movie! I mean how could they expect us to feel we are watching a "Good old Hollywood" type movie when we are really not? Well the movie did not deliver! We were let down!  The story is bad but the acting was good. The plot was not very good. So how did they manage to make such great actors and story? Well they used the best of the "Great" talent in the business.  I have seen all the "Hollywood" films. I think this movie was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The special effects were amazing and the acting really made no sense at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really surprised by this movie. I saw it in the theater when it came out and I am very amazed how it can still be bad. The story is terrible. The cinematography is just terrible.  This was bad from the beginning. It was bad. I watched it with my friend and he said "this is the worst movie I have ever seen". It was terrible. It is the most boring movie I ever saw in my life.   The movie is just bad and boring. I can't believe how bad it was and I know it was supposed to be a horror movie. It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I am concerned, this film is just a bad waste of my time. I don't see how it ranks as a cult classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original premise to the movie was a simple one: it's a comedy. A comedian plays a couple and then tries to make a comedy about them and their relationship and all the things that happen between them. So far, the movie has been all downhill from the beginning and doesn't have the magic that it once did. The plot is too heavy and has no payoff at the end. The characters are caricatures of the characters of "The Ozzie & Harriet" and the other "The Smokers" movies.  The movie isn't funny and in the end, there are no surprises. It doesn't make any sense. The only funny parts are the first 5 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that could have saved this movie was if the acting was good, the story was interesting and it had a good storyline and interesting characters. The director should be embarrassed that he made this movie, because it is not good at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original version of this movie was very funny. The acting was horrible. The story was poor. The plot was stupid. The cinematography was bad. The script was bad and the acting was bad... I gave it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful. The plot is predictable, the acting is lame, and the characters are all so affected... ... I mean, come on, the only good parts were the movie's two main characters. You could not care less if they got a laugh or not, and I sure wouldn't care if they did.  I was laughing hysterically at the movie, and it just seemed to be the only thing that kept me from vomiting.  And the movie is not good. I mean... I just couldn't get up to see this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a general rule, if a movie has no plot, then there is no point to watch it. The acting is bad, the acting is terrible. The script is awful. The plot is bad.   The acting was bad. The story was bad, and the director should be ashamed of himself for producing such a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit I am a big fan of movies, and I would love to see a remake of this movie. I really think this is the worst movie I have ever seen. I would have to rate this movie as one of the worst movies ever made.  This movie is terrible. It is not interesting and in the end it turns out to be just a typical, standard American movie. The movie starts off interesting and I thought that it was interesting and interesting. I mean it just made no sense! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of an old woman (Gina Lollobrig) trying to make it big in Hollywood comes off as a typical "how do I get to be a star" plot line. This movie is just another typical Hollywood film.   The movie has the same cast as The Postman Always, but it is far better written and directed.  There is nothing new here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, i wanted to see a horror movie that was scary, i did not expected much from the movie and i was not really happy with the movie, but after seeing the movie i decided that it is a really bad movie and not a horror one, this movie was really very boring and disappointing...  The story was not scary at all, just plain boring, the actors and director was terrible, i would give it a score of 2.5/10... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this movie about 6 years ago, and I have never been the same since, so I'm going to take my typical comments and give them a chance.  It's a bad rip-off of the original "Citizen Kane", except it's not a straight rip-offs, it's just a cheap remake.   The plot is weak and badly acted. The direction is poor, the movie is bad and badly done. The music is bad, and the acting is bad. I can see why people think this is anything other than a remake. But I don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was bad, bad, terrible. I don't know what the hell is going on.  It's an absolutely horrible movie. I mean the only really good movie I saw in the last 2 months was "Vigilante"  If you are expecting a good, scary horror, this movie is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've watched the movie, then you know it's bad.   This is the movie for people who don't watch horror movies, but just want a laugh.  The acting is terrible. The writing is horrible.  No one laughs out loud during a movie.  It's all just a joke.  I have seen some good horror movies.  There are a lot better ones out there.  So don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that you can watch at your own risk. In my opinion, it is the worst movie I have ever seen. The script is terrible, the story is bad, and the cinematography is worse than the movie itself. It is one big joke after another. I have seen a few movies that are good, but this movie is the WORST movie I've ever seen in my life. I would advise people not to waste their time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you want to watch an entertaining movie, watch the movie that I did. I've seen some pretty crappy horror movies, but this is just awful. I mean, really awful. There are good horror flicks. But this is not one of them. It's just not entertaining.  If I didn't know anything about the movie before watching it, I wouldn't have seen this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What a mess!  I saw this movie when I was 4 years old. It was so bad it was good, I'm surprised that my mom let me see it. It starts off okay, with a nice little scene of the girl that got burned up in the basement. When the guy comes in and tells her it was an "incident", she starts crying and screaming and crying for 2 hours straight, the movie was so awful.  This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a rip off of the original "Lampoon Hill" by the same director. It's worse than the original.  It's really like saying "Lampp" is the same as "A Night At Bernie's." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has two redeeming features. The first is the "good cop" aspect of the movie. The other is the way it is shot. There is absolutely no lighting or background score in this movie, only flash camera work.  I do however enjoy the "buddy cop" and "bungie cop" sub-plot, and I would enjoy if there was more special effects to be had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of the film was the first half hour and I thought it was great. The whole movie was about a young man who's friend's sister got knocked off a bus and the guy who stopped the bus to help, his name is "Kirshner", he has his girlfriend "Strawberry" (who's the girlfriend?), and his sister "Moe" (the sister's girlfriend). He's very unhappy, and his father (the bus driver) says "What do you want?". Well Kirshner is a normal guy who doesn't really want to be around a normal person. But he is. His brother (Strawley's) is also a normal man and his mother (Moe's) isn't. This is the whole story of the Kirshners trying to live normal lives and failing.  This movie is just an insult to the film and is not good at all. The ending is a horrible one, a really really bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts with the title and the beginning of the movie, but the movie goes on to be bad and boring, with no real plot and no real humor. The movie is a piece of crap that should have been tossed out the window when it was made.   My wife and I saw this movie and just had to say that we were disgusted. It had a pretty good premise, and I thought the movie was a waste of good film.  The ending is what I expected from the movie: "I'm glad that I had a good laugh after watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was the result of a bad script that was made to show a couple of people what they would look like with a script that had a lot of holes. I mean holes is a nice way of putting a movie together and this movie proves it.  I don't know why I bothered to watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A sequel to "Tyson" has been released. It's a bad joke. This movie is even worse. The story is stupid. The movie is not funny. The acting is bad. The plot is stupid and the jokes are bad. I think I'm gonna go watch "Tigerland" on TBS. It is better than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first half of the film I found myself actually enjoying it, and I did in fact find myself watching the film again and again.  In short, I'm not at all surprised that the movie wasn't actually worse than the first one, but I'm at least surprised that it was better than the original movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I was watching this film, I saw a few scenes that were okay and a few of them were not. So, the first one was OK, but the rest... I don't remember. I only remembered one scene from the entire movie. And that was in the beginning when the film started to slow down a bit.  This movie is really a bad waste of time. It is a waste of my time, a waste for a waste.  If you like watching movies about war and war and violence, go ahead, even if you like the special effects, because this movie is a really bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, it's a bad story. The movie is bad. It is boring, the acting is bad, the special effects are bad, and the ending is the worst of all. The ending has nothing to save it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't like films that aren't made in the cinema. I am very tolerant to what passes as a masterpiece in the US. In some countries, they can be banned and made in big budget cinema. In other countries, the films are so bad, that it's almost impossible to understand what they are trying to show. In France, films aren't allowed to be so much bad.  So what's the big deal about this movie? It's not funny, not even interesting. It's very bad. It is the kind of movie that should be canceled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a big horror film fanatic. When I saw this film I was really excited. I am very scared when horror movies are made. This is one of those movies. The only thing that was scary was the sound effects, the plot, and the special effects. The story was extremely boring. The cinematography was poor. The actors did not act in a very good manner. I found myself waiting for something to happen and I was watching this movie. There were some scary moments. The special effects were not good, but the sound was really bad.  I would not recommend this movie, especially if you like to laugh and are scared. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was disappointed with this film. It was so boring and poorly written that I nearly fell asleep. The characters were stereotypical and stereotyped. It just seemed like an afterthought, an insult to my intelligence.  This film wasn't bad at all, but the acting was terrible. The actors had no personality. The story was predictable and it just made no sense. The plot was weak.  It's the sort of film that you might be able to find yourself laughing at. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off well. It has the same plot as the first one, but it is much much worse.  The whole movie is a waste of time, there are no real developments, and the acting is bad.  Don't waste your time watching this, the movie is boring and the special effects are pretty good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an extremely stupid movie. I mean, it's just awful.  I'll admit that it's the worst movie ever, and it's really a shame to waste an hour of my life on it.  It was a pretty lame movie. The acting was bad. The story was really bad. It was stupid. The camera was soooooo bad, and the editing was crappy.  This is the movie that really sucks. It's horrible.  Please, just don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a good movie, I suggest watching "Punisher" instead of "Confrontation".   Confrontation is the weakest part of the movie. You have to endure all the clichés and half-truths.  The plot is bad, the fights are so uninteresting and the ending is very fake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I wanted to like it and I could. The plot is bad, the script is bad. The special effects are bad, and the acting is awful. I watched this movie only to see how bad it is. It is not funny. The actors are bad. It has no sense.  This is so not funny I have never seen anything like this in my life. If you are going to make a movie with bad special effects and bad acting, don't do that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first 30 minutes of this film you would get a lot of laughs. In this film the comedy is very, very low budget, not funny, not original, and not funny. It is very irritating and boring.  This movie does not have the intelligence of a first-time film, but instead just is dull, boring, badly directed and badly acted.  I would not recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that makes this movie a complete failure to suck is if the director is actually funny. If he's too stupid to be funny, he's not smart enough to pull it off.  This movie is so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first scene of the movie - the "Tailor of Panama" - is the only one that is worthwhile. The rest is, and I do mean, really, a mess.  The tailors go from Panama to Guatemala in a day. And the tailors are not tailors, but soldiers of the U.S. Coast Guards. They are there to rescue American victims of drug smuggling. And I do not see how the "Colonel" (Colonel Corbin) can act like the "colonel" in Panama.  It is the tailor who sells the cocaine, the soldier who gets the money, and the soldier - well, just another soldier - gets killed in the process.  And the "good guy" in the tailoring is a complete waste of his good deeds. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't know why this movie was so popular.  If you saw this film and thought it was an action movie, I pity your poor judgment.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen the movie then this film is for you.   I just watched it because it was the worst movie I've seen in my life and I couldn't even finish it.  The plot is lame and is mostly incoherent. The acting is horrible. The script is poor.  My rating: 0/5 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is possibly the worst film I have ever seen, with the acting, the story and the sound of a bad record scratch.  The plot of this film was predictable, not interesting, and could have been a great fun film if I was the director, as I am here, and I thought the movie was very, very, awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a man in a cage, being tortured by a woman. The man has some great dreams, and he starts to see a strange woman. He starts to torture her, and she is raped, and the man goes crazy.  The woman is raped by a strange man, and her dreams start to come true. The movie is a bad mess, and there is nothing special about it.  I give this a 1 out of 10, because this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching a movie which is not the case, go ahead and watch this movie.  This movie is really just an excuse to have more sex, more violence and less entertainment.  It's really really sad when the majority of the country doesn't agree with the majority and they just go along with the flow and believe that everyone is having fun.  I have to admit that I was kind of mad that I watched this film and I wish I had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's one of those movies where you don't know what the story is about and then all hell breaks loose. The acting is bad, the story has all the signs of being a really bad movie. The cinematography is awful. The directing is terrible. The music is awful, and the whole thing just comes across as really really bad. It's like saying to a friend: I can't believe you just watched this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is predictable, the script is weak and the cinematography is so low budget it's painful to watch and the dialog is poor.  This movie doesn't have much depth to it. I have to admit it is boring and the acting is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm an American movie buff, and this movie is just plain bad.   The story is about a bunch of teens and the fact that they were all friends and had never heard of each other in high school makes it even more lame.  The characters are awful. I mean, come on.  I mean come on, this movie was a big waste of time.  There are other bad parts that are completely pointless and unneeded. The story has no real conclusion, it's really just a bunch lukewarm lukepimples.  If you want a good movie with a good story and funny jokes, this is not one to go out of your way to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just found out about this movie and it was disappointing.  There were no story lines. It was all one big joke after another.  I am glad that there was no one in the movie to make me laugh.    I don't see how this movie made $6.50 to be the price it was. I am so glad that I paid $6 to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is about a guy that wants to be a boxer. He starts his boxing lessons with a few people that show up at his school boxing club and try to get him to box. The two are shown a couple of times and one time the guys are shown beating the hell out of each other.  I didn't like the story at all but I did think the fights were pretty short and there was nothing else worth watching.  My rating was 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad I am actually stunned with what is actually happening on the screen.  The script is so terrible that I am amazed by what is really happening on screen. I have seen so many bad films and I have to say this movie has absolutely no redeeming value whatsoever.  There is nothing more pathetic than seeing a movie like this and being unable to stop laughing and be horrified by it.  I am a horror movie fanatic, but the movies I saw last night were good. This is a disgusting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure why I watched this movie when I did. It was like the worst vampire movie ever.   But then again, I have seen a lot of bad vampire films. This is the biggest film of all time, and I can honestly say that I have NEVER seen anything worse.  I watched the whole movie thinking "I've just seen the worst movie ever!"    It's not funny, the story is boring and the acting is bad. The vampire girls are a little better than the others, but there are some decent acting and good special effects.  The best scene in the whole film is the scene where they are trying to resurrect some girls. The guy in the pool is a complete joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a mess of crap. It was awful, i mean a bunch of bad acting and plot line, that makes you wonder what the hell was going on. There is one funny scene in the entire movie and i have to give it two thumbs down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 5 minutes of the movie is boring, the music is okay and the acting is good. Then comes the music again, and the plot is just silly. The pace of the plot and the dialogue is completely flat and boring. The acting is bad, and in no way does it deliver what it promises to do in the first 5-10 minutes of a movie. The story itself is predictable, the acting, while not as bad as the first film, is poor, and most of the events that happen in the movie are either trivial or just there to fill the time.  The plot of this film is not even close to the first movie in terms of entertainment value.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a bunch of losers that make a bet with a friend on the football field and have to go out with the money or else. This movie was so bad I thought it had to be cut, or else... It was really bad. The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the story was crap. I mean come on...  It was so corny and stupid I swear I would never watch it again...  The only good movie I liked was "The Grudge", but that was OK.  I gave this movie a 1 out of 10, for the acting, the story and the stupid bet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a big waste of time. There is nothing good to recommend this film. The story is badly developed, the actors are bad and the script is full of bad lines and jokes. The characters are so wooden that you cannot even recognize them.  This is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a movie, it's a piece of crap that has absolutely nothing to do with the first ever film.  It isn't even a drama! The only thing that makes it better is that it is written by the director of a comedy, and this film is filled with the worst jokes and pointless plot-lines that a movie with a laugh track can produce.   The only reason I give this film 2 stars is because the only one that I liked in the whole movie was the one in the beginning where the female character is sitting in a bathtub and the husband asks her, "Have you ever seen a movie where the husband gets a bath after taking his wife to the bath with him?"  It could be that I was trying to figure out what the hell this movie is supposed to be about, or what.  The whole movie seems to have been made as a joke, and I am sure that everyone in the audience laughed along with me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with my friends to kill the time. My suggestion is to avoid this film at all costs. It will only make you angry that your friends wasted time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not only bad a horrible film but it is a bad mess. The actors are terrible. The script is really bad. The editing is bad. I really felt like I was watching a very bad movie.   I do not know how I could waste my time watching this piece of junk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've ever seen in my life, with the most disgusting parts were the sex scenes.  The acting is terrible. The characters are awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. I don't know why it ranks this low for a horror movie. The main character, who I have seen in several movies, has been the main character in every horror movie I have ever seen. In the end, the main characters are the hero and the heroine, and it ends in a way similar to how it ends with the hero in a hospital and how it is ending in the hospital.  I think this movie was just a boring sequel to the original.   The movie has a few good scenes, so that you can enjoy a few of the gore.  Overall, this movie is not good at all, it is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just rented this movie for about $7 at Blockbuster and spent my time there just watching out for the title to make it worthwhile. The movie had a few good points that made me laugh so I just didn't spend too much time thinking about them. But it was still so crappy that I didn't laugh out loud for the whole movie!  If you want to laugh at the dumb movie people go watch this movie! If you wanna watch a funny movie don't waste your time. It's not worth renting for the holidays cause the people who want to watch the movie will find the movie very annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the other comments, and was kind of shocked that a "serious comedy" movie could be made from a script that was written with such a low standard. The acting is awful, the script is crap, the editing, and the whole thing is crap. The only real funny thing about this movie was that the other reviewers hated it.  I am not really sure how this was made, and I am shocked that people actually saw it. I guess you just cant accept such a bad script and expect good comedy. I can, but I will not.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting a horror film this might be a good movie for you. If you want to see a great movie go watch 'The Hills Have Eyes' instead. It is the more scary horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can describe this movie is to give the actors some great lines to work with. But I found myself asking myself, "How did the writer know how to create such a strange setting in the middle east?"  What was that? He just went off the deep end. I mean, I don't know, it was so strange. He could have easily created a more normal setting, like he's a filmmaker who has nothing special to work on.   Oh, and I liked the ending. It was sooooooooo predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 15 minutes of the movie seemed to be okay, but after the first few minutes i really started to get angry. The movie has really no real plot and it is all just random shootings and death. The actors are so unprofessional that you have to wonder why people are going to waste their time. If you enjoy watching the first 15-30 minutes of a movie then you have chosen the right movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a load of garbage...    I'm not sure how this movie ranks up to the bad acting and script that is this movie.   This movie isn't bad and it doesn't come close to the actuality of this film.  It has no real story and a bad script that makes absolutely no sense and no real suspense.  The acting is bad, the script is bad and the script really sucks.  Don't waste your time, rent a tape full of static and go to a tape show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story line is about a group of people who find themselves lost in the woods of Montana. They wander around and eventually stumble across a large, black bear. They get attacked by the bear. The bear is killed and then the group becomes lost in this forest.   One of the most ridiculous moments in this movie is when they see a bear with antlers and realize it has been attacked by a bear.  The whole movie is ridiculous and lacks any logic. I was trying to watch this movie, but it just didn't make sense.  This is a movie I do not recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not really an interesting film, it is boring, dull and boring. The story is really stupid, the acting is really bad and the story is not funny, at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really can't understand how someone can make a movie that isn't a waste of time and not end up in the toilet! There are some really good scenes in this movie. The beginning is a good example of the kind of movie you will end up with.  I just can't believe how bad this movie is. It really is awful. I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen. It was so bad I almost fell asleep, the sound was bad and the plot was terrible. The acting was bad, the camera work was bad. I mean come on, what was going on in the movie?  The last half hour or so is a really boring and pointless movie. I really don't understand what the director was trying to do. It made no sense! The movie is the absolute worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script was terrible, the direction was horrible and the characters were just plain terrible. The characters were so unlikable and one dimensional that I gave the movie a 3.   I was really mad that I sat through this movie. The only good things I saw were the good acting of the main actors. It was just not realistic. The actors were not believable, and there was no real plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are an avid fan of the original "Night of the Living Dead", this movie will disappoint you.  "Night Of The Living Dead" was a great effort and an extremely boring and failed attempt at remaking this classic horror movie.  The new version is much, much less scary and the acting is so poor that you really don't care anymore about it.  If your expecting a new version, you might be disappointed.  I am giving this movie a 3.5/10 due to the lack of special effects and for the new storyline. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be happy to rent this film, but I am too worried about how much I have to pay for it. It is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I mean, come on, this movie was bad from the beginning. The whole movie was sooooooo boring, and I didn't even like the acting in the movie, I didn;t even like how bad the story was. It was like a piece of art that was made for the director. I think the director should have been the first person to see this movie and then the producer should have followed the director to make the movie better. I wouldn't rent it, because the movie would ruin the great movie that is "Citizen Kane" in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself checking the rating for this film, because I've seen films with far worse performances. This was possibly the worst film I've ever seen in my life. I don't know if this was the worst movie I've EVER seen, or just the worst one I've watched all the way through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the sound of the movie and I would rather stay with the movie for the ending credits. The acting was bad, the story wasn't even a little bit entertaining. I just plain don't know why people rated this movie. I guess people were just not that kind of movie fans. Maybe I missed the point, but if you don't like watching a movie about a couple of 15-16 year old kids in a small Canadian town, go ahead and watch the movie. It will not bore you, nor will it bore you to tears.  I think the movie was a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember watching this movie for the first time, so I decided to take it back, and watch the whole movie.  Now, if you are going to watch this movie, don't waste an hour of your life on it.  The acting was horrible, the story was stupid and the ending is like the last episode of a cartoon. The characters were stupid and I was very disappointed.   The only thing that was good was the ending credits, and the acting was terrible.  It was so bad, that I gave it a 1, but I really wanted a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of this film, a woman comes to a cemetery in the middle of the night and begins laying flowers. When she returns to the cemetery later, she finds the woman's husband has moved on and taken up residence with a neighbor. There's no sign of a connection, so she leaves. A couple of weeks later, a local priest finds the neighbor's remains, and realizes that he has moved onto a different planet.  As it's clear that this is the work of one person, the film is a failure. It's not a bad film, but a failure in all aspects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a woman having an affair with a sleazy businessman, who they know is also a serial killer. The sleazy sleazeball is in the process of killing people, and his victims range from a 14-year-old boy to a former secretary to a woman's family.  The plot has been played out before.  My vote of 1/10 is the lowest I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very happy with this film. It is very very low budget and very boring. The plot is nothing to be proud of, the acting is not up to scratch, it's nothing more than a typical 'Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon' style film.  The special effects are bad, the characters are wooden and lifeless, and the'special' effects are so bad they are good.  My rating is 0/10 for bad effects, bad characters and just poor film-making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good thing about this movie is the soundtrack.  If you're expecting a movie starring Thom-Adcox and are in the mood to see something new, this movie isn't it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so terrible that it deserves a zero star rating. The movie is actually one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot is really bad and the movie is bad. The acting is bad and some of the best dialog ever recorded.  The movie was so bad that it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie, and I think I could have written a better script.  The plot was horrible. It started out good, but after 10 minutes it just lost me. I mean I really lost interest in the movie.  Maybe I was wrong, I don't know.  There was too much melodrama, which made the movie look like it was written by a 4 year old. I think it was just a lack of imagination.  Overall, I didn't think that this movie was good, I think they just needed more time to flesh out their story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't see why this film was so popular. It isn't really worth a comment here, because I can only guess that people are tired of movies.  I found it to be a weak attempt at an adult movie, with the usual plot and bad acting and just nothing more.  It's not even that bad. It's so bad I couldn't even stop laughing. It was embarrassing.  The plot is stupid. It has the worst possible ending.   The ending is the worst ending. Don't even waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story starts out good but doesn't develop any depth. The acting is poor, the characters are boring and the movie just seems to be about the same old "buddy cop" movies.  What's the point of the movie? The point of a movie is to entertain. The entertainment factor is hard to swallow. The movie is an exercise in what can be accomplished with a small budget. The story itself is a distraction from the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that was made to showcase the talent of the director. The story is set in a small American town and the actors in the movie try to make it look like a reality show. I really don't think this is the movie for people who are looking for a story that will make them laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I did not like about this movie was the cast list. A lot of people seemed to have very little chemistry together. The acting was bad, the script was terrible, and the directing was so weak I could not even pay for it. The movie was an alright watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's unfortunate enough for a horror movie to be made, that is.   The characters are predictable, the plot is very bad and the ending leaves you totally and completely dumb.  I'm a horror fan and I have seen some pretty good horror movies, but this movie is just a stalker movie.  So, it's not a horror film, it is not horror at all.  The ending is just plain bad.  A lot of people said it was very cheesy. I guess I like it.  And that's the point of the movie. You can like the movie, you can hate the movie or you can laugh at it. But I'll tell you something, if you do, you will be in a coma. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been made for years now by many independent filmmakers. It has been released to coincide with the release of James Bond in the 50's. Many of them don't know that there is no such thing as an independent film. If you're going to release a film that is not a joke, then don't release it at all. The acting is awful, the script is horrible and the sound is bad. I have seen many films with the same kind of sound, which has the same actors in it. It just does not work that way.  It is unfortunate that so many people in the know are still willing to watch this crap and think it is a real film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to watch this movie, you will laugh at yourself the entire time.  If I were around when this movie was released, I would have been laughed out loud by the dumb people in the theater.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an apparent attempt to "discover the secret of ageing" the movie was boring and ultimately disappointing, the acting was bad, the plot was predictable, and the whole movie was just bad. I mean this was the worst movie ever made.  And I guess the reason why I think I have been watching the movie for so long is because the first half of the movie is the most important and interesting part of the whole thing. And this movie is a complete failure.  I will watch the movie again. I am tired of it, I mean I can't even tell if it is better or worse than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A friend and I were watching this film, and it was awful.  There was not a single funny moment. The plot was so stupid and I am so glad I stayed with it.  My only question is how do I feel about it?  I felt the movie was very fake. I think the only thing that was good was how bad was the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how the people who rated this movie, got the rating. I saw the movie when I was a kid and I can't really remember anything about it, other than it's just plain bad. It wasn't that bad, it wasn't the greatest movie ever made, and I don't care if the rating people got it wrong, I don'nt care, this is the only movie I've ever seen that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this movie I saw all the bad acting, all the fake special effects, and all the computer graphics. And I saw the movie! What I did not like about this movie is that I have a high metabolism. The acting is awful, the story is boring, the direction is terrible, the script is bad, and the ending is the biggest insult to movie fans.  It is like watching a movie made for a class project.   I gave this movie a 1/10 because of all the special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a failure.  I have seen the film since and I cannot imagine why.   It has all the trappings of a poor, black American student film: badly done script, poorly cast, poorly acted. And it fails at every level.  As the acting goes on, it becomes worse and worse. The dialogue is not coherent, it is not funny.  And the direction is not good.  The film was an attempt at making a film that could be good, but was not good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had been so incredibly bad that I was able to get through my morning routine of getting up, getting dressed and hitting the shower with a fresh gallon of gas. After that, I was ready to go for the usual, routine stuff.  The movie was so badly written that you couldn't even get through the first 5 minutes. I think the whole movie is the kind of thing that is so bad that it becomes funny.  If you don't laugh at the first funny moments, you'll be in for a disappointment.   My wife's favorite line is, "You can't act like a comedian!" and she starts to laugh hysterically, so I thought that was a nice way to break the tension.  I would have been happier to see the beginning of the movie with the whole cast and crew, because you'd think it would have actually been funny. And it would be funny if the director hadn't had the decency to be objective and give a true story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise is set up in a small community in the middle east. As a community the inhabitants are all a bunch of hick people.  The movie goes on forever and eventually becomes very boring and uninteresting. The characters are all uninteresting and a few of them even do interesting.  This movie was disappointing and just like other crap in the area. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's the worst movie I've seen. It's like watching a bad version of the movie with a plot and nothing more.  This movie is, without a doubt, the worst bad movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a big Luke Thompson fan, but I think the movie was the most awful film I have ever seen.  I was disappointed by the direction and acting, and was not at all disappointed by Luke's performance. The movie is a very disappointing mess, and Luke was very disappointing as the lead.  The movie just does not have any story. It is filled with unnecessary and annoying characters and pointless dialogue. Luke was annoying, and I could care less about his acting skills. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest movie that I have ever seen, and the only reason I didn't like it was because it was shot in the woods and there is nothing like woods in Vermont.  The story is nothing special. The cinematography is bad and the acting is bad.  This movie is not interesting and not funny. It just fails to become funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of two lovers who meet up and decide to have a threesome, which is the beginning of the movie. The movie has a lot of lesbian scenes, it has some disgusting animal scenes and just a few minutes ago a man is walking around naked in the middle of the city. I am sick of the movies that have this kind of atmosphere, it reminds me of the old "Cinema Paradis" (a French movie). This movie is an insult to French moviegoers, it is an attack on thier culture, and is a waste of time. I would advise people to stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my two year old daughter, and she was really bored. It had a few moments of humor, and that was enough to make me laugh. It is a really bad movie.  It is really really really just not funny. The characters are stupid. The jokes are not funny, the jokes are very corny, the plot is boring and the ending is terrible.  I mean really, I could get more entertainment watching this than watching Titanic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a crappy movie!  It is a bad rip off of "Porno", "The Last Picture", "Rosemary's Baby", "Stalker" and "Pet Sematary", but this time it is a complete failure.  The whole movie was an insult to horror fans, the fans of bad horror films and the general public.  This movie is a big waste of time and money, with bad actors.  It also takes itself way too seriously, with a very poor screenplay and no convincing horror story at all.  I am sad to see such a great cast as "Kathryn" and others get involved in such a waste of good movie.  If you want to watch a good horror movie, go see "Darkness Falls" instead of this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, as others have pointed out, it is not a good movie, it's bad cinema with bad writing, bad acting, bad direction, bad music. It is a bad film.  First, the plot: The movie had good, but it got worse. The writing is bad. The music is terrible.  The acting is terrible (no one can say that about this movie), the direction is horrible (the director's are from England, I think) and the writing is so bad, I wonder how this movie is rated in the same league as "American Pie", "Troll 2" and "Shrek 2" (I would say "Cockney", "The Shop Around the Corner" and such...) The only way to describe the movie is "unbelievable", "cheesy", "silly", "bizarre" and a few other words.  What a waste... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. I mean, really, really bad. The acting is terrible, the movie is, it's not funny. I don't see how this movie managed to get a rating of 10 or how it ranks with the 10 Worst Films I've ever seen.  I'm just surprised that people like this even get produced and then are only shown on HBO for 10 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad film that isn't funny. It isn't supposed to be funny, but the people involved make it look like they are.  The only funny thing in this film is the soundtrack, which has absolutely no redeeming features.    I can't say that this film isn't worth watching for a few reasons.  Firstly, the soundtrack is the worst musical component of the film. It is so bad that it doesn't make any sense at all. Secondly, the plot is predictable. The only thing that makes this film funny is the fact that the movie has absolutely nothing to do with the book it was made from.  I also found the acting and jokes to be flat and unconvincing.  In my opinion, this movie should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad, disappointing movie with an ending that seemed to suggest that they had made a great, great, wonderful film, but this is not true. There are only two good scenes in the entire film. They are the scenes where they try to make a film that does not take place. The director should be embarrassed. The actors should be ashamed. The editing and dubbing should be absolutely terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie "K-911" in the past. I remember watching it and it was kind of funny, and i really hated it for awhile because of how much time I lost to watch it. Now I've got a chance to watch "K911" again, so i'm not sure if it was better the first time, or the second time, and I'll tell you:  The movie is kinda cheesy, but that was OK. The movie isn't that bad, it has stupid plot and is not interesting. If you like watching some kind of weird movie, i think this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the movie that is supposed to be a satire of religion, it is a poorly made, cliché, formulaic, and worst of all, unoriginal movie.  The plot is about a church choir that meets with a doctor and he informs them that he is the reincarnation of Jesus Christ.   The doctor tries to convince the choir to be his wife, but they are all unbelievers, and are not convinced.  Instead, the doctor gives a sermon about how he believes in the existence of angels. The choir tries to understand this, and then asks questions about how the doctor could possibly know if there are angels.  I can't believe this movie was made in the first place, it has a bad script, and I found myself watching the whole thing and waiting for the punch line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an extremely bad film. It's basically a remake of a horror film, and the only thing that kept me watching was the soundtrack, which was very bad, and was so extremely disappointing, that I almost fell asleep. It was the worst film I've seen in my life.   I don't understand. Why this film was made.  I would recommend skipping this movie, as I have no idea how I can see this film, even if you are a big fan of bad movies, you will have no time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the show, this movie is not worth the effort it has taken to make. The editing, sound, animation, camera work, costumes, acting, etc are so poor that you wonder why i am making this comment.  If only the characters were more human and the editing and editing were better... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I was really amazed by the cast selection for this movie. The movie is boring and dull--the acting is bad--the characters are stupid and the movie is predictable.  There are many small plots and subplots to this movie, which is an insult to the audience. I have seen some of the plots, and I must admit that the majority of them are not funny.  I would like to know why the people who did this movie chose to watch this movie on TV--the movie is not worth watching for an audience of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is absolutely horrible. The movie is extremely poorly done, and has absolutely nothing to do with the actual movie "My Favorite Martian" or "The Martian".  I know this movie has something to do, but it's not "The Incredible Journey".  The script is a horrible hack-job.  The music is awful.   I really think I'll stop watching, it's just not good enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie for the first time in a long time, but I can't believe it was only the beginning of it. I don't think I've ever seen a bad film that has been this horrible. It really is terrible. I mean the acting is horrible.  The special effects are terrible, the plot is stupid and just plain crappy. I honestly think this was the worst film I have ever seen, and I hate that I have. I can tell you are a true believer, but don't waste your time commenting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the film with a friend and we both agreed that it was very disappointing.  The acting was bad and the story was bad. I don't think the director was going to be happy if the film was made and sold well.  This movie was really really bad, and I have a feeling that the director had a really good idea.  It is funny that people hated it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching a movie that's bad with bad people doing stupid stuff to each other, or stupid plot, you'll love this movie.  The best thing about it is the soundtrack. The whole movie was really awful. The acting was terrible. The plot is bad.  There is absolutely no redeeming quality to this movie at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one scene in this movie that really made me cringe. It is at the beginning, and after that the movie just went on autopilot and didn't seem to have much of an ending. The ending is really the only good thing that makes this movie.   I will say, that this movie was just a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to say that this movie had a lot of potential. I mean, there was this whole plot. It started out interesting, but it turned out to be this horrible movie. I don't think that you will enjoy this movie if you want to laugh at the movie, because the movie is very, very, stupid.  It is, without a doubt, the worst movie that I have ever seen. I have watched a movie that is this bad in my life. I saw it with my family and I had to leave the movie right after I saw the movie.  I think I could have made a better movie. But I didn't waste my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this film a rating was because I was interested in watching it. The film was not interesting enough for me to give a rating of 1 or 2. I'd have to give it a 3 just to be safe. I was looking for something interesting and I didn't find anything. The plot was predictable, the characters were uninspriring and the direction was poor. The cinematography was very flat and the story was completely predictable. The script was badly written. The acting was terrible.  I have never seen such terrible movies. I found the film interesting because I don't really care what happens to the characters. The actors were not credible and I found myself disliking most of the characters as they went through the motions of their lives.  The plot is nothing more than a pathetic rip off of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason that this movie isn't listed as a bad film. It's because this is really, really, terrible.  The plot is terrible and the story is, if you ask me, terrible and unbelievable.  I really don't know why this movie is only available on the IMDb's 'Top 250' or 'Top 1000' category.   If you have nothing better to do, I'd recommend investing your time in something more entertaining, like "The Good Thing About..." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to believe the story of this film is the original. This movie was really bad.  It had a few nice moments but everything else was a failure.  The special effects were laughable. The sound was really fake.  I give this film a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an old person I found the movie a bit strange. I was really surprised that this movie is really about the bible. I mean really, what is the point? I mean, this movie was bad. I would have to say that I have never seen such bad movies.  What's even worse is that this is really bad. The acting is bad, the script is bad. You can even tell that the script was written by a 15 year old with a good book.  I honestly think this movie had a good plot. I can't believe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad. The plot was predictable. And the ending was... bad. I couldn't... just couldn't believe... it was all I've ever seen. The characters were... very, very fake.  The ending made it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a child, my sister and I were excited to see this film when it came out in the early 1980's. We had our hopes high for the film to deliver something more than the typical horror film. It was a disappointing picture. It didn't even come close to being good. The film wasn't scary as I remember it and I suspect it still isn't scary to this day. It isn't even scary enough to scare a child.  This film was so bad I couldn't take it back and just leave it on the shelf. It had to be removed from the DVD and the VCR had to go.  The DVD was a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was looking forward to watching this film when I saw the trailer for it. I'm usually a pretty person when I see a movie, but this one was just so bad. The plot was bad, the characters were not believable, and the directing was terrible.   The only good thing is that the special effects were good.  I had to go out and rent "The Incredible Strange Film Show" for my kids because my kids wanted to see a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, that it could have been the original. The only good thing about this movie was the casting of some of the actors. The director and cinematographer should be ashamed of themselves.  If you liked The Exorcist, you would probably like this movie. If you did not, you probably liked The Dead Zone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am shocked at the negative reviews.  I have seen the movie and it is not funny.  If you want to watch a good movie, then watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a failure. It has been said that the actors do an OK job. I would like to agree with the above comment because I have seen a lot worse movies. I am amazed how the same people can rate this movie as good.  It is really not worth to rate this, as there is no plot and I have yet to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As far as the acting goes, this is beyond bad. A lot of stuff has to be said, especially if you don't read the comic book beforehand. The direction is awful. The editing is poor. And then there's the plot line. It's just plain bad. And there's no real explanation for the ending. The movie just drags and drags... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was extremely disappointing from the first 20 minutes, and I'm glad that it's not a real masterpiece.  The only reason why I think this is a real horror movie is because it features a lot of blood, gore, and death scenes, and the actors are bad. I think that is the only reason I give this movie a 2.  I don't really care about the acting, I don 't think the movie is very good either.    Overall I think it's one of the worst movies I've seen, it's very poor, and it's so bad, that you can 't even laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched the whole movie and I thought it was really dumb. The acting was really bad, and there was no plot, at all. I don't know why they filmed it, but if they are smart, they shouldn't have been dumb enough to do it. The whole movie was just dull. It wasn't interesting at all, it was not interesting at ALL. The only funny part is the music. I really want to warn you people, don't waste your time on this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was kind of annoyed by this movie and was looking forward to watching it, so I did, but it turned out to be quite a horrible movie... I found the movie quite tedious and I found that I was getting bored of it. It's very low budget, very cheap, very low everything, and not very funny. And not funny at all.  The movie starts out promising a lot and then goes no where. It reminds me of those dumb movies that you would find in the bin at your local supermarket.  This movie reminds me alot of the stuff that was in the old "Tortilla Flat" films.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how or why the series was cancelled. The last 2 episodes are pretty good.  So far, the show has 4 episodes (out of 5), the first 2 are decent, and the third one is okay. The plot is very uninspiring, the dialog is uninteresting, and it is very obvious that there will be no new episode.  This episode doesn't go anywhere. The characters are a motorial failure and the plot is not even the worst thing that I have seen.  It is a bad show, it is not funny, and I am sure the show is not going to go to the end of the season.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no real plot to this movie, and I guess I just lost count. The only thing that saves this is the acting of Alison Eastwood, who looks like she's having fun doing the character's routine, but she's not in this movie.  This movie is just dull and pointless. I mean, when I was six I had fun watching this movie; when I got older, I had to start taking breaks from it.  And to be honest, the movie itself is not very funny either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I can't even write anymore. It has horrible actors, terrible direction, and worst sound effects. This movie is nothing more than a bad remake of "Plan 9 From Outer Space" except for the fact that it was made for kids. It's like the whole movie was made to promote the film's theme of a kids adventure. This is the sort of film that really doesn't deserve to be compared to other kids movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    My brother has seen the movie, and he agrees with me. I have never seen a comedy that was this bad. The only good movie is "The Shop Around the Corner" and that was not a comedy. The rest was not funny.  I agree with my brother, the movie is not good, I agree, but my brother and I are sick of it and would like to watch a good comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that really does nothing interesting. It is a collection of tired ideas that have been thrown together without much thought, and ends up being an utter failure.   If you want to watch something interesting, and actually watch something, then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, let me say that if you liked the series, you will love this movie. The story is very stupid, the characters are weak and the dialog is poor.  The movie itself is bad, the action is bad. I think this movie should have a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a failure, and I think you can call it that. I saw it in a public school science class. I didn't know that it was a bad film, so I was really confused, as it would have been a really bad film.  I think I saw a few minutes of it in the science museum. There is absolutely no scientific information on the movie that I could find.  The acting was poor and the script was horrible. The director should be ashamed of himself.    The sound is not good, it was very bad, and the story was very weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First, let me state that this movie is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is bad, the dialog is awful, and the direction is terrible. I mean, what was the director thinking? The movie had a lot of potential for great acting, but it got blown away.   The movie, in essence, is a bad, boring, pretentious film.  But, what do I know? The guy who played the "cool guy" is one of my favorite characters in the movie. I just hope he gets a lot better acting.  And I did enjoy the first 10 minutes, and I didn't really like the movie much.  Overall, I'd give this a "4", but I don't want to give anything away. It's not good at all, and it's nothing more than a cheap rip-off of "Patton", "A Double Life", and "Rain Man". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie had the right message, it would have been better. The acting, script, direction, photography, cinematography... all seemed to be out of focus. I watched the entire thing. I'm not going to go on. There is nothing to even say about this movie except I think I might be able to say that I did not enjoy it.  The whole movie was an insult to the intelligence of people that don't read books. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first two years of its existence, "The General" had a somewhat original title: "Dinosaur Rex" (the name being short, I guess).  And indeed, that's exactly what happened: the original "The Dinosaur Rex" was a cute, cute little dinosaur movie. And it was cute! The "General" is not a cute dinosaur at all! It's a dumb little dumb dinosaur movie that should be avoided at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to watch this movie for a friend, and it's one of those things, like "Dirty Sanchez", where the acting is so bad that the story is so haphazard and stupid that it doesn't even make sense. The "story" is about the love of an old man and his son and how they get caught up in all the craziness of modern America. I don't really care what happens to these characters, as they have some very interesting and interesting experiences. The whole movie seems to be one big joke, and nothing else. The entire movie is not worth the $6.50 I had to pay to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this movie. It was very disappointing. The story was not that interesting. The acting was bad, but the movie is terrible. It tried to be funny, and failed miserably. The movie tries to be serious and failed at the same time. The plot was not interesting, and the movie could have been much better. I could understand why this movie was not funny. The only funny parts were the first 5 minutes. I felt like the rest of the movie was an exercise in self-indulgence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you are probably aware, there are certain things that are never mentioned here that are completely absent from the "Basic Instinct" series.  The most glaring example is "The Scorpion", which has been referenced in numerous films. This is because the series has never been as much about the relationship between the Scorpion and the hero (or "hero"), as it has been about the Scorpion's love of music, and his penchant for making love to women.  So, it is not that I do not think that this movie was bad, but it was so bad that I felt compelled to write a comment. I do feel that the movie would have been better if the "basic instincts" had been taken a bit more seriously, although the cast and the plot were far more interesting than I had imagined. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film a couple of years ago. It's so bad that I can't even find the words to describe how awful it is. It features a bunch of bad actors, including David Spade who looks like he could've played in this flick. In one scene he is playing a guy who's so dumb he actually gives a performance which makes him look like a complete idiot. In another scene he gives a completely pathetic performance and even manages to look good with a couple extra pounds of muscle and a much thinner body.   The story is weak and very weak. It reminds me of a bunch the bad TV shows. There is absolutely no real plot. It seems like it just ended up as a huge pile of boring scenes with nothing special about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's bad it hurts my eyes.   If you want to see a good movie with a good story and decent acting, then I'm not going to tell you how to do it.  The best part is that this movie is not really about a story but is about how to make a movie with only a couple of good actors in it. It really hurts my feelings when watching it that this is so much talent.  I guess I could say that it is not bad at all, but the good part is the good acting and great story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just finished watching this movie, and I can honestly say I have never seen a bad horror movie in my life. And what the hell is with the acting? I have seen a lot of bad horror movies, and this is the worst one I have ever seen.  There was nothing special about this movie at all, no suspense, no atmosphere, no nothing, it was bad all the time. It is a complete waste of time, the movie is bad, the actors are bad, and the story is the story of the movie.  I hope one day they will make a good movie, because this is soooooooo bad that it should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film about 4 or 5 times in my life. It was in the early '90s when I saw the movie, and I've only seen it a handful of times since. The movie had one really good thing, and that was the acting of Michael Jeter. He was good, but his character had no personality, and it was a really bad movie.    And when I watched the movie again recently, it still had no meaning. It just seemed to go on and on, and nothing was happening. The only good thing in the entire movie was that the ending was terrible. There was no closure at the end, it seemed like it was all just a dream. The ending didn't make sense at all.  Overall, the movie was terrible, and when I was looking for the ending, I kept coming back to the movie and the ending. The acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really shocked with this movie that I saw at midnight on the TBS movie channel. It was just terrible.  There were some funny moments. I just wish I could remember one.  It would have been better if there were more good movies about people making really dumb movies.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It starts with an exciting prologue. The story of the first expedition to climb the peak of the highest mountain in the world. In the film, the movie is about the first people to climb it, the story is about their struggle to survive, the time of the film is about how they died. The plot is too obvious, and the characters are not drawn in such a lighthearted manner. There are many unnecessary plot points that are just not needed in the movie, and some are pretty funny.  Overall, the film was not really bad, and was not interesting, but a waste of 88 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked The Rookie, then you will like this movie. If you like The Rookie then you are going to like this.  If the title doesn't give you the picture of the movie then I'm sorry, I am not making this movie for you.   I am only giving you my conclusion.  -The Rookie is not a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a kid I thought this was very exciting and I wasn't expecting much from the film but I was really surprised when it came time to see it.  After the first few minutes I thought it was going to be an entertaining, well made film but it turned out to be one of the worst film I have ever seen.   I went back and rewatched it. I saw how poor the story was. I felt as though the director was giving a really bad interpretation.  This was an extremely tedious film with bad performances.  I thought the plot was weak, and the whole time I was watching I kept thinking, 'Just to remind you, it's the same movie as 'The Godfather 2''.  This made the whole film look like a bunch of turds.  If this film had come out at the end of the 70s I would have given it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with this movie and decided to watch it all. The acting was terrible. I think that the director ruined it for me.  The story was a big joke. I was bored watching it, wondering why it lasted so long and not funny at all.  There was absolutely no humor in the movie. I really think that it could of been a great comedy.  My favorite line in the entire movie is "I hate you so much for telling me the story of a homeless person." Seriously, what the story was about?   This movie had all the humor of a 4 year old kid. It really sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate that I watched this film after reading the book "My Sassy Girl" in the book. This film was a waste of my time.  My Sassy girl is a book written by author Margaret Landon who was working on the book when the film came out. She should have just concentrated on the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't see the point of reviewing this movie as a piece of art, but as a film it is poor. The actors, director, script and story all stink like they were trying to come up with something meaningful and beautiful to say, and it didn't work out.  The story is weak, the ending was poor and nothing special happened.  I guess if I hadn't seen this movie I would have given it a rating of two instead of one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been a few weeks since I've watched this movie, and I must say it has really gone on the fritz! The acting was horrible, the story was not interesting, the acting was not that interesting, and the movie didn't take itself seriously! I'd like to see the director of this movie admit defeat and admit the whole movie was a load of crap, not to mention the cast. I know the director had his own life, and it's sad that he spent the time that he did making this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I mean is that this movie, which I am guessing is the result of a budget that doesn't take into consideration the actors or director. This is not a bad film at all. The acting is bad, the cinematography is poor and the writing is just not creative. The movie is a waste of time and money. The only reason why I rated it this low is because the story is so-so, but I'm not arguing with the story, as it is a bad one, it's the writing and direction that are so bad, they are a major distraction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of good movies in the cinema. This one is called "Girlfight". I'm glad they made this movie.  My wife and I had to see it because the last one we saw it was at our local flea market. There are a lot better movies in your local video store.   If you like the kind of films you have seen, you won't like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a great deal of promise. In the first 20 minutes the main character is shown to be a man with anger issues and is on a rampage. The movie goes no where, there is no real story at all.  The acting is the worst I have ever seen. The dialog is bad, the action is weak, and the movie is nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts off interesting but gets boring very quickly and then gets dull. The characters aren't all that interesting. The movie is a bad rip-off of the "Boogie Nights" with the music, acting, plot, and everything else being worse than the original Boogie Nights.  The story has no real purpose and it's boring to watch. I don't know how anyone can come up with a more original movie than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad rip off of 'Titanic'. It is so unbelievably that it made me physically ill, which is the only way I could describe how bad this movie is. It was very tedious, the action was poorly choreographed and the acting was terrible. The plot was so bad I stopped watching halfway through and was really sick to my stomach. The movie is so bad that it is good. I'm still sick. It made me wanna go watch a movie that would end the misery.  I would like to see an ending that was at least close to the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent movie, "The Last Wave" is a big rip off of "Jaws", with the monster coming to town, and destroying all of the local cast and crew, the monster being a mutated shark (that I can see), and the main character being the killer. However, this movie is so bad, and poorly done, that it has become the most hated movie I have ever seen. I think it is a shame, that this movie was the only movie to be shown on Fox, so the rating is all I could ever have hoped for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to start this review by saying, as much as I enjoy watching movies about war, this one is an absolute joke. This movie is a horrible movie. It is horrible. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and, worst of all, the ending is just bad. I can't believe it.  I could, but I don't know how to write a comment about a movie. This is not a comedy, but a waste of time and money. I hope I get a job making people laugh in the end of a movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is very misleading. I am not really sure what the title refers to, it could be an adjective for a bad, dumb movie. It could be a movie about a guy who falls in love with a girl that is very pretty and who ends up having to move in with him.  But it could also be a very depressing movie. I really can't see why I expected it to be a depressing movie when I was excited to finally see the movie. But the director made me feel like I wasted my time watching it. I think the movie was okay because it wasn't so much depressing as boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the main thing about this movie is that it was very misleading and could not possibly be the masterpiece it is purported to be. It could be the typical movie of many, many, MANY movies that were released in the 70's, 80's and 90's.  I was so annoyed by the whole movie, that I watched it on my computer and counted only 4 lines.  It was also very badly acted, the characters were so wooden, that you would be wondering what were they trying to say. The movie is so incoherent that I did not even realize it was a movie until it was finished, I thought it was just a horrible movie that could have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that should never have happened. The film is boring, has no suspense, has too much character development, and is a horrible rip off of "Gandhi's Arohiades" and "The Adventures of Pluto Nash". The story is really sad and there is nothing new. It is a pity because this film would be great, I am surprised that it did not get a DVD release. I am not sure who was involved in this movie, and I hope that someone is happy with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I can relate to most of the other comments posted here. It's sad that there are still people out there who don't seem to be able to connect the dots.  The plot line of this film is one big joke after another.  As an actor, I feel like I have to make a statement to justify myself. If it was made in the 70's, I would have had to say something like "Wow, that was a lame joke."  And this movie makes it look like I was a kid back then.  It's time the old "Double Impact" came back! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen movies that are bad and this is the worst movie i have ever seen. The plot is lame and I have watched movies that were good and this one is horrible. The story is bad and i am surprised at the acting and the script. The only good part was the ending.  I would like to see how they could have made such a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is ridiculous, the dialog is predictable and the script is about as far as I can go. This movie is a stalker movie about a woman discovering her inner life, being raped and killed by a serial killer.  I can see how this movie would have been had the actors and the director not been this awful. I'm not sure if I would have liked it, but I didn't feel that this was that bad at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I am talking about the worst movie I have seen, and I am speaking from experience. I have to admit that it wasn't that bad, it wasn's so bad' I was actually frightened and didn't want to fast forward. I don't really know what I felt about this movie. I thought that it was terrible.  The plot is so bad that it is actually very funny. The movie is so badly done, I'm not even sure how I can believe that there actually was such a movie. It was so bad, and in the end, I think the acting was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is not much here to be seen here. There is no real plot, nothing really happens, and in fact, you can see the actors are playing stupid. The only thing that makes this movie a real bad movie is the acting of the leads.   This is a movie that should be removed from all the other garbage that was made in the early eighties and put back in the proper context. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made this movie was the music. It was absolutely terrible, the script was very predictable and the movie looked like it was filmed with the sound of a very old friend's cassette.  This is a terrible movie, I do not recommend renting it, I recommend just watching the music videos on the internet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say about this movie? First of all the plot is very boring.The characters are all one dimensional and they are all stereotypes of different types of people that have done bad things in their lives.The movie has some scenes that are funny.I thought it was a stupid movie.This movie was so bad that I was thinking it was some kind of documentary.This is really not funny at all.It is very much like one of those documentaries where you are given an opinion of people and some sort of story to tell. The director should be ashamed of himself for ever making this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is terrible and definitely the worst movie I have ever seen. The story is bad. The characters are all wooden. The music is horrible. The plot is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this movie and I found myself angry. It's like the movie was so poor that I didn't even enjoy it. The acting was horrible and the plot was completely unrealistic. The movie is about a guy with a really big crush on his childhood crush and his friends decide to make a film about his crush, and they make a movie about his life. And I found the ending so incredibly stupid. The entire movie was about how he's getting chased by the police, by the military and the mafia. He was so angry and scared that he's going to lose everything because of his crush on that woman and the friends of the woman he's chasing. This movie could have easily been an adult version of "Runaway Train." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really sick of the endless hype about this movie. It is a bad idea, a horrible movie, a waste of time. A waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main problem with this movie is the acting, as the film is so muddled and muddled, it's painful to watch. I've seen it twice, and the second time was actually funnier.   In the first hour of the movie I actually felt like I was watching a really funny film, which at the end made me feel like the director/star was really trying to say something serious, and not saying it in a way that would be funny. The humor in this movie seemed to be all "oh yeah, and by the way, I know it's a boy!" All the rest of it was silly. The movie had too much unnecessary humor in it.  If you enjoy this kind of humor, go see a movie that actually has funny jokes in it, not this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would like to see this movie again. I'm sure that they were very tired of rehashing old news. If you had to watch it again, I'm certain that you'd come up with some new and creative ways to spend the time that you would be better off doing something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a very bad movie fan and was very disappointed with this film. I mean the script, photography and editing is just bad. The plot is weak, the editing is bad, and I found myself looking at the screen wondering when it was going to end. The acting was bad and was embarrassing to watch, and the plot was completely predictable. It had many obvious plot holes and I thought the director tried to use a lot of them.  I would have been happier to see the original cartoon, but I guess I will never watch it again.   I rated it 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First off I'd like to say that if you're going to watch a movie, don't watch it unless you're very, very bored. It doesn't have any story line, and you don't feel anything at all. The acting is bad, the direction is poor, the cinematography is poor... it is really the worst film I have ever seen. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was never really interested in the movie until I heard about it on a TV show a couple of years ago.  The acting is horrible and the story just goes on and on.   It has all the clichés about "the young woman is a prostitute", "the old woman is dying" and "the lady who sleeps with her dog", and the same with "the poor black woman" and the "lazy cop who takes the law into his own hands".    In the end it just comes down to a boring conclusion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're a person that likes watching crappy movies, then you will love this movie.  If your a person who likes watching good films and films that you don't like, then I'm sorry to say you have to look at it and decide.  I hope the producers of this movie give this a good review so that I can give it a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is BAD.  The plot is stupid.   The ending is so predictable that you wonder how it could have been better.  I gave this movie a rating of 0.1/10, because of the few laughs I had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not often that one watches a movie that is bad. It is bad acting and the script is weak. It also looks like the movie was shot in a very short time. The plot is not very good and the movie is not funny at all.  This is a movie you will never watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big fan of horror films but this is really bad. I saw this film in the early 1980's and I thought that I had to see it again. I don't know if I have the feeling that this film is still very much like it was 25 years ago. The acting is bad, the plot is boring and the direction is bad.  The only good thing about this movie is the soundtrack.  I hope that this movie stays in the toilet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I could watch this film was to fast forward through it as fast as possible. I mean, there are a lot of slow spots.  But the good part is, the acting is bad. The plot is weak. The cinematography is choppy and not very interesting.  This movie is really not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an avid viewer of the many great movies that have come out from Korea in the last few years. This movie has been the worst movie I have ever seen, but it is the worst I have seen all my life. The acting is awful. The plot is predictable. The script is extremely disappointing. I give this movie a 3 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main story of the movie is about a woman, who meets a guy who is interested in buying her home because she rents it out for a couple of days. He doesn't take it. They get into a conversation about their feelings and the house that they share. They discuss the history of the man who built the house and his family. They also talk about a man who has bought the house.  The whole movie feels rushed. I guess the director was just trying to fill in some plot holes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off interesting. I mean it's not really, it's a boring movie. It's not interesting at all.  There is nothing really special about this movie. I guess it's just another boring "B" movie.  I was watching this with a friend and we kept on asking each other what was the purpose of it. It seemed like it was trying to be a great "B-movie" but just got boring.   So what's the purpose?    If you want to see an interesting B-movie, go watch the movie "Titanic"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just a collection of the worst, most boring and pretentious movie ever made in the history of mankind. It starts out with a pretty good idea: A new, younger generation (probably 12-15 years old) will rise up and take over. It is just some super-genius idea of an alternative world order.  This is really just bad, not great. The director/star of the movie has a really bad script and his whole movie is really, really bad. It's like a really crappy film.  I'm gonna go out and say this, I can't remember the last time I saw a really good movie. It was really not that memorable.  The story is pretty bad. The young rebels in the rebels camp seem to be from around 13-16. The camp is run by some kind of "ninjas". They make sure not to eat or to drink anything that will give them a hangover, or the rebels will lose their ability to walk. The rebels are pretty dumb, and they seem to have been around a long time. The rebel leader is very old, the rebels are just dumb.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is so terrible and pointless. What is a movie made by a group of actors who are actually paid to produce it? It is a waste of time, money, effort, and talent. This movie is very bad, very, very mediocre, and very unemotional.  There are only 2 or 3 real good characters in this movie and the rest is made up of minor characters who have not yet been dealt with in the real world. The only really good character in this film is a very young boy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a really high regard for this movie when I saw it and I must say that it is not in the least enjoyable, I mean I'm a kid, I can watch a lot of stuff that I wanna, so I can't complain.  Anyway, the plot is very bad and boring and the end is completely anticlimactic, this movie is bad. The characters are all stereotypes of the same sort and they all talk the same way, but then it's very obvious that they're all supposed to act in very stereotypical ways. I don't see how you can even find one person who will laugh out loud at the movie.  This movie is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has all the entertainment value of the Scream 2. It's like watching a really bad version of Segal's The Big Chill.  I'm going to give this movie a 3 for the sheer fact that there's nothing entertaining about it.  The cast is awful. The music is awful, the editing is amateur, the cinematography is amateur at best. The only good parts are the scenes with the ski-jumpers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back, it was announced that I would be watching a feature length film by Michael Larkin.  The film has been shot, but a lot of the scenes were shot with very little light.  This is the sort of film that should never have been made.  It is unfortunate that so much time has been spent on such a film.   The acting is poor, the script is weak and it looks like they are having trouble with the story. The sound is terrible, the lighting is dim and you can barely see the screen.  Even though the plot is weak, the direction is bad and the sound is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time and it still was bad. There were moments where I was like "what was that supposed to be funny." This was the movie for a guy who thinks women should only be treated like flowers."  I guess the guy is still in love with his girlfriend and thinks that the only way a woman can be treated with respect is if she behaves like a "hortress."  The movie was bad, and the movie was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had potential, but the story was so bad, that I turned it off once, twice, and counted 3 more times. The acting was awful, and the ending was just so disappointing, that there was no point to the movie.  If you are looking for a good movie, this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really cannot believe this movie was made in the first place. It's just horrible.   It is absolutely horrible. I mean, it really is.  The only reason this movie got 5 votes was because of the good acting from everyone in it, even the little kids. They were good.  And there are no redeeming features in this movie, other than the good music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am shocked to see this movie in a theatre, as if the acting, camera shots, sound, the plot, or any other aspect of this film has changed in the last ten years. This movie is nothing more than a rehash of a few of the themes of the early 70's and 80's (with a few more twists).  The only thing that has not changed in this movie is the casting of Stephen Rea as the villain, which was absolutely awful.  The director should be ashamed to have put this movie together. The story is nothing new and this movie makes no sense at all. The cast is mainly a rehashing of a previous ten films (with the exception of the casting director who replaced the original director with this movie). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why it was so horrible - but it wasn't the right movie. The plot is so very boring, it was terrible. I didn't see any plot in this movie. It could be the sound of the actors talking, it could be that the script is too wordy. I would think if I had been a teenager in the 80's I would have been like "This movie is the worst movie ever made. The movie is a joke. The acting is terrible. The songs are terrible. And the special effects - wow. It's all fake. It wasn't scary! And it wasn"s just not scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really can't believe that the people involved in making this film would do something so stupid. I can't.  I've seen the movie. The movie is so bad I can hardly even tell you how bad it is. The acting is so awful I was laughing out loud. The plot is not that funny.  Please do not waste your time on this movie. Please do NOT waste your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with the intent to find it amusing. The ending is an insult to the intelligence of the audience. This movie is a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I'm giving this movie a rating is because of the cast of the movie, which has been made up by IMDb users to include all the actors involved with the movie and the "plot-wise" explanation. The movie has nothing to do with reality, or is it the actors who are playing their characters like they are reading the plot lines from a book?  I'd like to give this movie the benefit of the doubt and give it the benefit and justice of being shown in a movie theater in the middle of a cold night with the remote control. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, and the characters were so stereotypical and clichéd, that it was hard to get your heart broken by it. I saw the first part, and then I saw it again and it wasn't even that bad. The ending is just so lame. The only reason I give this movie a rating is because the writer/director (who is obviously a friend) made it clear in the beginning that he was a fan of the show, and that's why he rated the movie this low.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie a 10 out of 10 is because of the music, camera-work and the plot of "The Wooden Horse"   The rest is just plain crappy.  This movie was so bad I turned the sound off, turned the picture off, left the DVD player off...  I mean the plot was really stupid.  The acting was horrible.  I just can't see how this could be a 10 or a 1...  The story was really dumb and could of been so much better.   I wouldn't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I'd like to be able to say I don't think that this film is an insult to other people, but to the people who made this movie it was an insult.  I saw this film with a group of friends and I found myself talking to them about how awful this movie was. The acting was bad and the script was terrible.  The story was, the characters were all one-dimensional, the plot was so stupid, the direction was bad, and the writing was poor. I couldn't even finish watching it.  This is the worst film I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the original, you will love this movie. If you like the sequel, then you will probably just find yourself wondering why it was so terrible.  The original was good but the sequel was terrible. The movie wasn't even funny at all. The acting was horrible. The plot was boring. The camera was very grainy and the story was lame.  I found myself laughing a lot, and I'm not ashamed of that.  This movie has no meaning and it's not funny. It's boring and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very bad. The acting is bad. All the characters are unsympathetic. The plot is bad, the dialog is unsymmetric and uninteresting, the plot is very boring and unsymbolical, and it is just plain bad.  I can watch a movie without blinking and still find the whole thing very uninteresting. I think I have wasted 1 hour and a half sitting in the cinema. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was so bad I had to rush out and rent this movie, because I could not take it anymore. I think I've seen the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can't remember one. The only thing I remember is the little bit in the beginning when the main characters were talking about the future, and I thought that was really funny.   I guess I can just watch movies that are so bad, they are good.  I think this movie is not funny. It is not interesting at all.  The acting is terrible. The plot is terrible, the jokes are bad, and the ending is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I thought that it would be funny if I was around. I thought it would make me cry. So I came in, and the first half was okay, and then all of a sudden I turned it off. It was not even that funny. I have seen it to this date. I did not laugh at all.  The main reason I did was because I wanted to see the first part again. That was why I came. The movie was not funny at all, and not that I am a prude or anything. I mean, come on.  I do not understand how they could have made such a horrible movie.  Please do not waste your time watching this movie, you will regret it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time, but at least the director has some interesting things to say about the human body and mind.  As I was watching this movie I thought it was funny, I had some friends with me and they were laughing at the same time. It seemed as if they wanted to make a movie with no real story, no real logic and no real feeling, and this movie didn't even come close to a decent movie.   The people who made this movie were obviously desperate to try something different, as if this was the only thing that they knew how to do.  The only reason I give this movie is because the movie is so bad, I don't recommend it to anyone, because there are better movies out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that makes you not even rent it, it is just that you waste a few hours watching it. I can't even tell you how bad it was. I have seen more movies that are worse than this one.  The only reason I did not rent this movie is because I am a fan of Stanley Tucci, the director of the movie. I saw this movie just to see if it could get any worse.   It was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I have seen bad movies, but this was so bad that I wanted to throw something at the screen and kill it. I could see that the main characters were not good at all, the story was bad, and the acting was horrible.  The story is about an evil woman who is killed in a plane crash and wakes up in a hospital. She starts making her way to her destination, and it starts to look like she has found her place.  A doctor comes in and tells her that she is dead and has to start making preparations to give her life a proper burial. Then the movie cuts to her waking up, and you can tell she has not been that sick in the hospital that you have seen her in before.  As she goes through the day, you can see the signs that something is not right with her. The hospital is so old and full of stuff and the doctors' office is so empty, that you can almost see how it looks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just bad bad terrible. The story was a boring one, and the acting was bad. The only thing that was good was the soundtrack, which was very, very bad. I am glad I did not pay to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film i have ever seen. The cinematography was bad, the camera was zoomed in and out, the sound was awful, and the sound effects are just terrible. The acting was bad too. The story is too long and the story is not good at all. And the cinematography... it was bad. I mean it was horrible.  It was really is not worth watching it for, especially considering the talent involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not one to get the plot or the idea of this movie, but I can't help wondering what people would think if they actually saw it.  The idea of a movie like this that tries to show the US is the good guy and the bad guy is the bad movie. The only good thing about it is that it's a horrible movie and has nothing to do with the real world.  This movie tries to be a good, wholesome, but fails on all fronts.  I watched it with my wife and found it to be very dull.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard of "The Lonely Lady" and my friends and I were both very excited. It is one of those films where the acting is poor, the script is lame, and you just get what you expected in a bad horror film, which makes it not very interesting or interesting at all. There is no real plot, and the movie just repeats the same old thing every few minutes.  The main reason I watched this movie is because of the music. It was awful, and I don't know what the hell is the deal with the soundtracks.  I was really disgusted when I saw the movie, I thought the acting was bad, the story was weak, and that's why I gave it such a low rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with a friend on an open screen movie night and decided to see it. So I got a couple of beers and decided that it was a good flick, so I sat down to watch it. Boy, was I disappointed. I wish that I could. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anybody except perhaps a few very serious movie lovers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just watched this movie in a cinema, which was a little weird. It looked like it was shot in a day.  And the acting was bad. I think this movie was a waste of time and money. I mean, how come you would think that it was a good movie, and yet it turned out to be a crap! It looked more like a really bad horror movie. I watched the movie with a friend of mine, and I really could not even understand what was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that I give this movie a 7.4 rating is due to the fact that the story is so uninspiring and the acting is so poor that you wonder why it got a 1.1 rating.  The plot is very poor. The actors are all over the place and the whole movie is full of unbelievable mistakes that makes you wonder what the hell were they thinking.  Please, do not waste your time watching this movie, do something a good deed instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to write any of this review for you, but I can't believe what I've seen so far. The movie was disappointing, and the acting is awful. The special effects were bad. The camera-work was poor, and what's worse, was the sound-mixing. The sound was just terrible. The editing was awful. And the special effects weren't good either.  I watched this movie for 15 minutes, and I counted 6 total minutes of silence. I wish I could take the 5 seconds I did to fast forward through this horrible film. I'm just not able to.  The movie isn't even funny. The humor is bad, and there are too many stupid plot-holes that are never connected. And I just don't care about the characters.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is set at a fancy college campus. The student body consist of mostly librarians, who seem to have all kinds of problems with their careers, but are ignored and let's not blame them for this movie. The main character is an alcoholic (as one character puts it in the movie) who has become a librarian, a librarian, and even a loon. His librarian friend is a co-worker who gets his librarian job for free, and the librarian is a drunk, but librar friend is an idiot and a loner who doesn't really talk to anyone.  The main story is the librars' obsession to find a missing book. They spend the night at the campus library, and when the lancers are alone, they discover the book, and everything starts falling apart from there.   The movie is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be very bad. It was very boring. It is like an indie horror movie. If you like to watch people run in to find a creepy guy with a flashlight and a big axe, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really can't believe that I've actually watched this movie... but I've gone and done research on it. I've seen it on TV, I've even gone to the library to look it up. It's not even in my library! It's so bad I can't even give it a rating of 1 star.  It's horrible, the only really good film in the entire history of the United States has been one starring Roscoe Lee Browne, I can tell you that.   It wasn't until the time I saw it I was crying, I felt sick and all my friends were laughing hysterically. It was like a terrible comedy.  I'm a bit surprised that this was the only film made about this and that there were no other films in this library. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was intriguing and had some good moments but it didn't have the impact I was hoping for.  A few examples of the plot are the "The Red Sea" and "Tigerland" movies.  "Tigersland" was similar in terms of a story and a lack of characters and it didn´t have the same impact as the other two movies. A good example of the story´s lack of impact is the "Titanic" movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I can see why this movie was so popular. It is an awful movie that is, I mean it is just so awful. It has one good point, it was funny. The other points that I can think of are the girls who just didn't look that hot to begin with. It was just terrible.  This is the only movie that I know of that made me wanna go to sleep.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film is not a comedy, it is an insult to the intelligence of the viewer. This movie is a parody of "The Prodigy", a movie about a man who is constantly getting picked on by his peers.  The movie is like a bad remake of "C.O.P.S" but instead of a sequel the director just uses the same old jokes from the first film and changes the names to suit the new plot.  In the first half of the movie the director tried very hard to be original and the rest of the film seemed like a very poor one.  I found it strange that they managed to make such a bad film in the first place.   If you liked the first Prodigy then this movie is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (panorama)  Sound format: Mono  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is a terrible movie. The acting is terrible. The plot is not interesting, and the characters are not interesting either.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie at about the time it was released, and it was pretty bad. I didn't expect much, because of how good it was. The story is bad, the characters are bad, and the script is horrible. The movie is bad. It really is. The actors are bad. The writing is terrible. The director made a good movie. I don't think he achieved anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I was looking forward to a few laughs from my friend who is always very happy with the new stuff, so to speak. The first three minutes of this film were a little better than the rest of it, but after that point I had no real sense of what the film was about.  The plot is a poor one and is all downhill from there. The only joy in this film was the good humour and the end. It felt like watching a bad comedy about the old and the new.  All in all, not an impressive effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of this film is really nothing special, it is very boring. A man is lured to a bar by a woman, he is tricked into it and soon he finds out that she has a son with her who she does not want to give him. She gives him a place to stay, a place she does everything to make sure he will have food and is not interested in him.  The guy, who was a good friend, shows up and asks if he would like to see this film. So they went to the library to look up a book on it, found it, and then they found the film and the film. They watched it and found it to be pretty boring and not really special. So then the man tells the woman to take the stairs to the top floor, he goes to the attic and gets a case of beer and she says no, can you wait outside?  So the man goes back to the woman and says what do you want to watch? He says no.  So she gets a phone call and says OK, if you want me to call the man at work.  And she says OK.  What do you wanna watch?  The man says no more.  Then he tells the man to wait outside.   So he says OK and she leaves.  After about 20 minutes the man starts walking down the stairs. The man walks to the exit, the man gets up and says "I am coming for you, I'll wait for you here." So she walks outside and he comes back in and the man says "You know what?"  Well she walks back and says no! She gets up, gets on her clothes, and walks up to the door and says she will wait for him outside. He walks to a desk and knocks on it and gets up to get a beer.  Well the man is already gone. He just leaves and he goes over to the man and says you are coming back for you."  So it goes on, there is no action, no suspense, no action. And you can see the man really is looking down at his case of soda and thinking something, and the guy gets annoyed.  But after 40 minutes I just wanted to shut it off. The film just drags and drags. There is nothing special. I mean it is nothing.  Maybe he should have left the room.  I am not sure I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was boring, very poorly acted, the story was not interesting, and I have to admit that I was very bored throughout. It reminded me of a few of my favorite movies, but I would never recommend this movie to anyone. It is a waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable and predictable. I watched it just to see how bad it was.  It was a waste of time.  I mean it was predictable, predictable and the end could have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really bad. It's not funny. The whole movie is dumb. There's no real story. No real life is shown. The story is boring.   The movie is not funny at all. I give it a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first half of it's run, but it was a dull, boring, unimaginative movie. It is a waste of 2 hours and a half. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say that I liked the movie very much. I would like to say it was a bad idea, but that's really not true.  It wasn't even a very good movie, but I was so bored I turned it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really disappointing.  I was really expecting to see this film but i was really surprised to see it was so mediocre.  The plot was completely fake and the acting was poor. The story has nothing to do with the real world and the movie is boring.   It is a movie with bad acting, bad cinematography, lame story, poor sound quality and no thrill.  In conclusion, I give this movie a rating of zero stars out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie should have given you an indication. It is an old cliché and I don't think you have to be from the hip to get bored by it. There is a great acting from the cast. The film is so bad that I can't even write the summary of the film. I'll give it to you, since it is an IMDb entry.  The film starts promisingly and I am so glad I didn't pay for it... I wish I had.  In the beginning the story is a little funny, but I'll keep that in mind... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are two reasons for watching this movie: 1) the actors are good, and I found the story to be somewhat interesting.  2) The cinematography is poor.  3) It's a very boring movie.  The plot is weak and it just ends the way it could have ended.  In the end, you just see a very flat story with no surprises, no surprises.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this film in the cinema at midnight, and it's not that bad. The whole film was an exercise in stupidity. If you don't see the message then don't bother.  The only positive that I can say about the film is that it was very, very badly directed. The camera is in a constant search for something, even though I'm not certain what. I don't even remember the last time I saw it, and frankly I don`t wish to.  If you go to see the film, be prepared to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an action movie. It features a poor cast of one or two actors with no lines and very little dialog. It's not even a movie.   It's worse than a bad slap stick.  The actors are horrible. The camera work is bad. The sound is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I can be charitable enough to say this film is anything other than awful, I'll be glad I did. The acting was awful. The story was horrible. I mean, it was bad. The characters were uninspired. The direction was bad, the story was awful, and I was just plain tired. The script is weak. The dialog is amateurish. I give it 4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first episode is simply bad trash. The first ten minutes are okay. The next ten are boring.  The plot is bad. The acting is bad and the direction is bad, so the story just goes from bad to boring to really bad to god awful.  It was just bad, bad acting and the movie was awful. And this is the only way I could describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was too weak for a movie. The plot was weak. It was not able to make up your mind about the characters. The acting was not that bad, the plot was boring and the movie is not even entertaining.  The only good thing in the movie was the beautiful cinematography. I did not like it at all.   The plot is a weak and the story is a very ordinary one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of the title is about a young girl that is visited by a ghost that possesses her spirit. She is plagued by the ghost's appearance as an evil spirit, which haunts her for no reason. She can see and hear the evil spirits, which makes her very sick.  It's really nothing new here. The story is basically the same as the last 2 sequels: the girl is haunted by a spirit from the previous 2 movies, and a doctor is the only one that can help.  I can't recommend this movie, unless you like very cheesy horror films, or the girl will have a very hard time sleeping. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In my opinion, this was a poor man's 'Boogie Nights'. This is not the only movie that is a poor mans movie. This movie could have been an awesome masterpiece of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I can see why this movie was not in my top 250 movies is because I don't like the direction it takes, the acting is bad and the plot is...  The movie is so predictable and unoriginal that I could take it or leave it out, I have watched some of the other movies by this director and they were better.  My rating is one of those...  1/10... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a bad mess. I was very surprised at the very first thing the movie did, but I can't believe it didn't go any further than that. The acting is horrible, the script is terrible and the sound is awful.  I really think the director should have left the movie alone and done it in a way that would have been entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. It was just terrible. The plot was predictable and stupid. The acting was bad, and the story is lame. And the ending is just... awful. The only good thing I can say about this movie is the acting. I had to stop watching halfway through because I kept asking myself, what was going on, and I just kept asking. And I mean.... I mean... I didn't know what the hell was going to happen. The ending is really stupid. I mean really stupid... it was so terrible. I really hope the director never works again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In an interview with me, the producer of this movie was asked, "Why do you want to see a horror movie? The best horror horror films are about suspense, suspense, horror and a lot of shocks." The director of this film, William Lustig, had a great idea, but he wanted to have it filmed with the help of a good friend of his. When he saw the great and twisted beauty of the first scene of the movie, he was amazed. He said, "How do you spell shock?"  So he did some research, and came up with the spell: "Shock, you have shock! You have a lot to prove!"  The film starts with a great deal of great acting. The actors are okay, but the script is so bad that you cant believe the whole thing. If you want a horror film that has a good plot, great music, and great suspense, this is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so badly directed that it's not even bad but a very, very boring movie with bad acting, bad camera-work and bad sound.  I would like to be able to say that I am a big B-movie buff, and I've been watching alot of the other people here on IMDb.   So let me be clear.  The movie has no real story, no real characters, no no real point and no real direction, but I found myself watching it thinking "I can't get the feeling of this movie out of my head".  My friend was laughing with me at how bad it was.  It's sad that there are no movies like this in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think the only reason to see this movie is if you're a fan of Jack Black.  The acting was awful. I'm glad I didn't pay attention to the story, since it was all predictable. It made the movie an hour and a half too long. The director must have had a good idea because he had Jack Black do it.  My guess is that if this movie had been on TV, it would have gotten all the way to 1 star. I think that this movie could have been a lot better than it was.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as the movie goes, it's a little too much. The story and the dialogues don't really make much sense at all and the direction is OK, but the movie is bad.  I guess it's best Serbian movie ever made, but not really good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had really high hopes for this movie... but was disappointed. The script was completely stupid. The acting was poor. The directing was bad. The direction was completely terrible.  I thought this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  If you enjoy a good story of a couple of friends who play a video game, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know, really, why this movie was ever made. The fact that it was a 'Worst Movie' doesn't make it good. It just looks like a typical B-Movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little over two years ago I saw this movie for the first time in it's life, I had no idea what I had on my mind.  What I was thinking was this: "The movie is very very very bad" or something along those lines, but I had the feeling that it wasn't.  The characters were wooden, boring, unbelievable and not all that interesting in the beginning, then after the first half of the movie you actually start to see some action scenes that aren't very exciting at all, and the plot is not very engaging.  This movie was not all bad, there were some great action scenes, and I really didn't like them as much as the rest of the characters.  I watched this movie thinking I was really in for a huge disappointment, but it turned out to be a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why people would like this movie. If I hadn't already guessed it was a comedy I would have given it a rating of 3/10. The movie is not even really funny, and at least I am glad that I didn't pay money to see the movie. I think I have seen a comedy that was worse than this movie, and I have to say I am amazed at this movie that has been widely distributed in the UK. The DVD has been withdrawn from sale, probably because of the huge success of this movie on the IMDb website, which I am sure is down to the fact that people have rated it too heavily.  I have also contacted the producers of the movie and asked them to take it down, but I haven't heard back from them.  It's really sad to see a British comedy that has to rely on the popularity of British humour and a terrible script to win an audience, instead of actually making funny or interesting jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the acting. I'm not a fan of Jacksons or other actors who have been in the business for as long as I have. But this was very un-funny movie, with an ending which was bad.  This is a waste of time. It's just bad writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just so much crap.  I mean, it was bad.  The movie was bad, bad, and boring. It was bad and boring, and it was boring.  There are the good guys and there is the bad guys. And in the end, it is all bad. But what do you expect from a movie that is good.  Well, it didn't even have that much good stuff to say about.  So what do I do when I am bored?  Go to sleep, or do I have insomnia?  My life is not a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title says it all. A movie based on a play by Anne Shirley would be good, but this has to be the worst movie I have ever seen.  The play is so bad, that I gave it a rating of 0/10, since I'm the only person who rated it for me.  I was really disappointed with the movie, which is a shame.  My biggest problem is that I was watching it with some friends, and the rest of them didn't even bother to watch the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that made me dislike this movie is that it's the only film about war-drama, so if you don't think war-as-a-solution-to-crime, you don' t understand, don' you don; there is no such thing as a "detective story" in this movie. It is the most idiotic piece of crap I have ever seen.  It is a shame, really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I love that line, "When you go into a movie with somebody, you know you're going to lose something". That's how I feel about the movie "The Cure for Pain". It's so bad that I don't feel it when I watch it. The lines are so stupid, that I can't understand them. The acting is so terrible, that it's actually sad to watch. I would like to thank the producers of this movie for the entertainment of the fans of the movie. This movie made me feel like I was watching a movie made by a person who wants to make a movie. It's just sad to think that there are people who are going to waste money to make this movie, but I'm sure the producers spent a lot of time on this movie. The production is really so bad, that the movie is truly terrible. I mean, it's just so bad. The movie is not even scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad. The acting is bad. Some of the scenes are very corny, the dialog is stupid and predictable, the plot is bad and badly directed, and the ending is...what?? AHHHHHHHHHHHHH. It was just a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I didn't think the first 20 minutes were worth it, nor did I think the second 20 was the only highlight of the movie.   The characters are so weak and boring that I was laughing out loud and wondering how I could sit through it.  If only there were more decent characters in the movie I would be so angry that I would leave the movie right after watching it. Please, just do something other than waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a little annoyed with this movie. It was not as bad as I was promised, and I don't think I will be convinced by this film.  The story was really dumb. The script was bad, and the dialog was boring. It is just not funny at all.   This movie was really not worth watching it, because of the few funny scenes. It's really not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started good but then it got worse. I had some good laughs with my friends. The movie is a bunch of bad humor. The songs are all very silly and all the actors are un-silly. The plot is lame and stupid. The jokes are lame and all in all very poor. I give this movie a very low rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a bad television soap-opera with bad people acting like they want to believe they are really important and important and acting like their lives and families are important. The characters are not realistic and are not real. The plot is not even interesting and no real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films you don't hear much about anymore, so I'm surprised.  In a film this bad, this is bad.  The acting is bad, the script is bad and the direction is bad (the acting is pretty average, with very little character development, very little development of characters, and not much suspense)  The only good thing I can say about this film is that it's about the biggest movie star of all time, and it's not the usual "the greatest actor in the world" that you'd expect.  I really don't know what is going on. I mean, if you were hoping for a "Gee, the old man who played the guy who played Gee" and got "The man who plays the old Gee", you might be disappointed".  It's not "Geeeeeeeeee, this guy was a complete failure" but a complete disaster.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed with this movie, and decided to watch it for the sake of a good laugh. It was a poor attempt at a comedy that never really comes close to matching up with the actual movie. This is a movie that is absolutely terrible, yet funny.  The jokes were the only good thing in this movie. It had too many funny moments, and the acting was poor, but there was no real laugh.  Overall, not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is interesting. It is not a movie, it is a movie that is so bad, so boring, and nothing really worth your time.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch this one. If you are too smart to be entertained by this movie you are smart enough to appreciate the concept of the film, and thus appreciate the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film on Cinemax last night, after watching the first few minutes, I saw nothing more. This movie has absolutely nothing to offer. If you liked The Avengers or even the first one, you'll like this movie. I mean, come on, there's nothing more boring than a movie that has a bad ending and has a really bad script.  The script is basically "I'm going to write a movie with this plot." What plot? It's the story that has no real plot.  It is not funny, nor interesting, and I mean no real funny.  So basically, it's a waste of time.   It's just not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is asinine. It's about a doctor that comes to an old friend's house, finds out that she has a life expectancy of 20 years and she needs to take care of her aging parents. The doctor finds the elderly very lonely and neglectful and is happy to help the poor old woman and she takes his help.  The story is so trite, that you cannot even see the bad guys. And when they are not in the hospital, the movie is nothing more.  I watched this movie with some friends and we just had a bad time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The title, if this is indeed the title, was a bit misleading. The film features a couple of good shots of the Sydney Opera House and the Opera House, which have a distinctively Gothic look.  The plot is nothing special. The actors are terrible. The locations are not unique, and there is nothing to distinguish this film from another such as "Gloria", "The Prodigy", "Gunga Din", "Beauty and the Beast", "Hunchback of Notre Dame", "Cher" or "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer".   One of the most important aspects of the film was the choice of music. The music is not bad, but it is mediocre and boring. The entire film is filled with music that is either very distracting or very distracting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The script is badly written.  The director has no idea what is going on, he has no real clue about the real story.  This movie is very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a rip-off of The Godfather. It is nothing new. The original Godfather was a great movie, but this one is even worse. I watched it on TCM, and I don't think that any other person in the world could have come up with a better way to make a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts of well, well... I can't say it's a masterpiece, but I can tell you that it's not good, nor is it worth watching... The plot is weak, and the dialog is bad... this movie was bad, and I'm sorry to say that...  This is the first movie I've seen where I could see my eyes twitch so hard my face starts to cramp and I start to cry... It's a waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a big Ramones fan, and i saw this movie last night at a local flea market. I can't wait to see the sequel, and this movie is an absolute joke. It's really the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. If you saw the original you will know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I wanted to stop the movie when it started and watch a movie that actually had a plot. I did watch the first 20 minutes of it, and when I got to that point I thought "I've seen everything I could." I turned the movie off, and all I could see was this pointless, boring movie.  I guess it was the lack of plot and acting that led me to believe this movie was the real thing. The story is stupid and badly acted, and the characters are all caricatures of the characters in the real story. I'm glad that the real guy in the movie didn't try to be this horrible person, he would have been much scarier.  The movie is not funny, the jokes are bad, and I am surprised that the director/writer/producer/director-director didn't realize that he was in for an hour and a half of my life I thought this movie is a total failure. I've seen a lot worse movies, and this is the one that is most pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is an example of "art" as an entertainment business. It's a bad attempt at a "B" film with an extremely low budget and amateurish script. I mean, come on!  It's sad that a bunch of talented filmmakers spend their time making something so utterly awful, it's good.  The only thing that made me laugh was the "babe in love" scene, which I found so utterly unbelievable. I just wanted to slap the guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not a comedy, and it is not interesting. The movie is filled with bad acting and lame story, and the story is not even interesting.  The only funny parts are the movie's ending, which is bad, and a few brief moments of the movie where the characters act funny and make me laugh.  In conclusion, I don't think you will enjoy this film, even if you are a teenager or a teenager at heart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a sad truth that this film is not a documentary. The whole concept of interviewing with the ex-dict is ridiculous. The story is so boring and uninteresting that it made me sick. The camera-work is not interesting. I've seen some really sick films and this one is definitely not one of them. I wish I'd stayed home and seen this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, I must say that if you like the good old western genre, this will not be it. It is predictable, the ending is lame, and nothing special happens to the movie. The only good thing is the fact that the movie had no real ending. It was a really bad movie, and I am a horror movie fan, so I watched it. I had the same problem as watching a real western, except that I had better entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is terrible - I know it's not "Fiddler on the Roof" - it's "A Christmas Evil."  If you see a sequel to this film please call "The Dandy Warhols," "My Name is Santa Claus" or "My Christmas Story" - not "The Santa Claus is an idiot." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is that it is incredibly stupid. In the main story it is stupid and pointless. In one particular scene you see the main character run into the woods and get attacked by a pack of rabid animals and he kills them. So this movie doesn't really work as a horror movie. I can see why some people think it's great. I really don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not a big movie buff. I just like watching bad movies, especially horror, to fill in the time between work and sleep. I do watch horror movies, but I'm more selective about the genre than most other moviegoers. I only like horror that doesn't try to shock me. I've never seen a movie that scared me that was as bad as this. The only scary movie I've ever seen was Blair Witch, which scared me.  The plot is weak, the characters all over act like teenagers, and I just don't understand how this movie could have been a cult hit. The characters are stereotypical. I don't know. They are just a bunch of pretentious, self-indulgent people. They don't act like real people.  If you want to watch a good movie that will scare you, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would have to say that was not an amusing movie. I saw it at a midnight showing of "The Incredible Strange Film Show" on Cinemax, and there was absolutely no humor to be found.  The acting was terrible, the jokes were bad, and the story was so bad it was good that it was comical.  What I did find amusing was the "art" that the film was so proud of. The animation was completely flat and lifeless, and it was just plain awful.  This was a terrible movie that could only be watched at midnight with friends laughing hysterically.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on TCM (I don't remember the name of the movie, just remembered it by the actor who played the title role), but I didn't even recognize the name.  This movie was extremely weak and it is a shame that people paid to see it.  There is a lot of plot holes and this movie is not even bad enough to be taken seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea behind this movie is that it is about the treatment of children who are abused by their parents, and it is supposed to be shocking. The movie is supposed be about the abuse of the child who is molested by her parents, the story has a very boring end, and the ending is even more boring.  I thought that it was a very disappointing movie. It should have been a 10/10 movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is just one more piece of evidence to show that Hollywood's obsession for remaking old movies is alive and well.   The plot line: A young Italian girl is killed by her father's new lover and returns to her childhood village. She's now haunted by his past and the people who are responsible for his death.  There are no new clues as to why this happened. The villagers all seem to know and they just act like they know nothing.  In the end the villagers are shown in a rather benign light. The girl is just plain weird and out of the ordinary.  This remake is completely one big mess and should never have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first place, let's say, "Gloria" is a pretty good story. The other two movies are pretty good as well, so it's just a little disappointing.  The whole plot of the movie seems to be the same, it's not really funny or anything. In my opinion, "Possible" is the best word to describe it.  I think it is very disappointing that they made this movie with this many good actors, that makes me feel like "The House of Games." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a story, this movie was pretty standard. I had to leave the movie to go back to my trailer and rent "Kung Fu", "The Last Wave", "Kabal", "Curse Of The Crimson", "Soul Survivors", and "The Lost Boys". The only reason I stayed in was the last half hour. It was so boring and pointless. It made no sense, that was the only reason why I stayed. I mean come on, it was so much I couldn't even finish it... I mean the movie was so bad I wanted to throw up, because it was the worst movie I have ever seen. It really was so disappointing and I can't even go on with it. If you like movies like this, don't even rent it, you'll feel bad afterward. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am one of those people who was waiting for the movie to end, waiting for it to be over.  As a movie that was supposed to be scary and disturbing, it didn't even come close to being scary and terrifying. The acting was bad, the cinematography was bad (the story was not good, it was too long), the directing was bad.  The story was so bad, I was wondering why the hell did they have to cut it down to 70 minutes. And that was the first time I saw that the movie actually made me feel like I could actually care about this movie...  I would recommend skipping this one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this, I found myself not caring if it was fiction, and instead wondering if it would be like "Bentley Road" or "Gilligan's Island."  In truth, the only thing that made me not like this movie was the soundtrack. The soundtrack was atrocious, and it was so bad that it was almost comical.  What the hell was going on?  The only reason I watched this movie is because I was getting bored of it, and the fact that it had so little plot was making me hate it.  If you don't have a good sense of humor, don't watch it. If you do, and like it, you will hate it as much as I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of misfits and an odd couple find themselves caught up in a love triangle, which involves the discovery of a strange flying object in the skies above them. They are quickly led to the brink of disaster as a bizarre mix of ancient black magic rituals and modern technology, with an ending that leaves them dazed and disoriented. The ending leaves the viewer unsure whether to believe in a celestial or earthly explanation of events, and in the end the viewer comes to realize that it was a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I would have to recommend this movie for the people who don't like mindless mindless, mindless horror flicks. It is a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I hadn't seen the movie, I would have had a great time. The acting was awful, the editing was horrible, the story was terrible. The soundtrack was horrible. The cinematography was awful. The script was terrible, the music was bad. And the worst part was, the plot.  The only thing that made this movie worth watching was the good soundtrack. I've been a fan of the soundtrack to some of the "punk" bands I've heard. But this was very low-energy, the songs, and the story of a loser girl who gets revenge for her cheating boyfriend and ends up getting screwed by a rich guy for his money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is horrible, very stupid and just all around terrible. I was actually mad when I saw it. My brother had to sit through the whole thing. My mother was mad at how much I had to put up with and the people around me.  I mean come on... this movie is a joke.  It's a joke because they are so desperate for attention.  My brother could have made a better movie for the time.   This is so bad...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very poor. It has a bad script, and the acting was bad.  The only thing that was good was the music.  And the special effects.  It was very bad. The whole movie was terrible.   The story is not good. It is not interesting, and all the characters are not interesting.  All in all, a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A few months ago I went into a really bad movie and it was awful. I saw it at the Tribeca Film Festival, and I've since gone to the movies to see it.  I'm not sure if it's the worst movie ever, but I can't think of one good movie, but it wasn't worth watching.  This was a really slow movie, so if you want a fast paced movie, don't go to see this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this film with my friends and we all thought it was a decent movie. We were wrong. The acting was terrible and the whole film was a complete failure.  My advice to anyone involved with this film - just do everything you can to get the best out of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing quite like "Mancini's Ghost" - other than perhaps a few good examples of its weaknesses, it's all over the place and is a bad shame. This is a film with bad script and bad direction and poor performances from all the actors.   "Manny" is not a great film and is more like a TV soap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the night of June 22, 2002. It had the look of a movie I've seen in my time. But I was taken in. It's really a bad mix of an over-the-top cartoon and a movie. The plot is bad, the characters are caricatures, and the story is poor.  I give it a 3 out of 10 for the lack of characters, and a 1 for the look, plot and execution.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad, and i mean really really bad. It is an action filled film with horrible acting, bad camera work, bad CGI and very bad special effects.  This is the movie that got the reputation of being a'so bad it's good' movie. I guess that is because it really wasn't. The movie is so bad that it actually made me physically sick, and was not that fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book "Gadget" and thought to myself, "Why was the movie so bland? I had read the story and thought it was good, but it wasn't!" This is an obvious attempt at a remake of the book, but unfortunately, it fails miserably.  The story, if you read the novel is a good one, but I don't think I could get it in my head. I think I've seen every movie in the movie theater except this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie is pretty bad. If you are a person who likes a good story then go see this movie.  If you want to see a good movie then go watch this movie, otherwise just avoid this movie like the plague.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a way, this movie is not that bad at all. The only reason I watch it is for the plot, as it has little to do with the actual movie.  So, I decided to watch it. It was the only way I could watch the entire movie. It's boring, badly directed, and the whole thing made me feel sick. I even thought the music was good and the special effects was OK.  And, what is with the characters? Why are they acting in such a stupid way? I've never been this bored in a movie. I'm only giving this movie a 1 for the acting, but I would have given it a zero for the special effect.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book and watched the movie, and while watching it, I came to realize that there are parts in the book that are not in the movie.  There is not a single mention of the word "God," in the entire book. There is a single line that mentions "the Creator." And when the entire film is on the Creator, the Creator is not mentioned once. It's obvious that the author of the book, John Le Mesurier, was a real person. The whole thing is ridiculous and stupid.  I watched this movie because I was bored. It was not entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I could watch this movie was the acting. The entire movie reminded me of "Boogie Nights", except for the plot. The actors are the worst I've ever seen, and I don't know if it's because I'm biased or not. This movie is so bad I stopped laughing. The plot was dumb and unbelievable that it was impossible to figure out what's going on.  If I were a 14-year old kid I would give this movie a 2 out of 10, and if I were you I'd give it a 1 out of 100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I've seen that's like watching paint dry. I mean the movie is like the movie Lordi, where everything in the movie was either incredibly bad or was just plain silly.  This movie is bad, the acting is bad and the plot is bad. I was waiting for something more to come up so I can actually laugh at it.   My advice from this movie is just don't watch it. Do something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the last years of American Horror, the horror genre was mostly done on television, and in many ways it still is, and the people involved, like Paul Anderson, are still doing good work and have gotten better roles. The only horror-movie that really had a good scare was a film called "Carnival of Souls", which was very similar, in a good way.  The main difference between this movie and Freddy's Revenge is that "Cambriormal Activity" doesn't take place in a hospital (which is a plus, the hospital in "Cremator" is a real hospital), the actors don't go around killing people in a day, and they're not even that good.  "Criminally Insane" is not even a horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a really bad, bad story. The acting is bad, the direction is bad. I've seen bad movies and this was really just bad. The only good thing was the soundtrack. It was really, really bad. It had the same music as a real movie. It just didn't work. The story was bad and the only good part was the special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, there's nothing special about it, except the fact that it's made by an indie studio. There's nothing exciting about it. I mean, it has no idea what it wants to be. I don't think I've ever seen a movie that was that boring and had this many flaws and that few. In the end, there is no real feeling about it whatsoever. It is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is that the story is stupid. I didn't think the movie was good at all. It was boring and the action was lame. I really didn't feel like the movie went no where. If you want to see a good movie, watch The Man In The Mirror, but don't expect this movie. It's an absolutely crappy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the original movie for the first time ever and I loved it. But I hated the sequel more than ever. It was all the same. There was no real suspense or thrill, just a bunch of clichés and bad acting. The plot was stupid and boring.  This movie has all the thrill and none of the suspense. The characters are all so fake and overact their dialogs and just don't act like real people.  There are only three good looking women in this movie. I can't believe the guy who played the role of Perry White was so great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a woman and her sister getting in touch with a mysterious force and having some weird dreams, while her sister has the same dreams, but this time it's different.    The first nightmare begins...   It starts in a modern Japanese village and there is nothing more to say, except for some weird effects that look like the work of an artist (that I can see), but no one in the village appears to notice or even pay attention to the strange phenomena...  The next thing that disturbs the entire movie is a female ghost, and her strange behavior doesn't change much until the final scene, which is completely unbelievable.  The director of this film has some weird ideas, but no real sense of what he's doing... In the end he is just a dumbed-out man who has been told of a very strange phenomenon, and he goes along with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a teenager and want to watch this movie please don't watch it, it is the worst movie I have ever seen. I've seen more adult comedy that was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should have ended with an exclamation mark for the acting and story. I really do not understand why it did not end with an ending that said something to the effect of 'the world is ending' or 'the earth is going to be destroyed'. It ends with a bang.  The first 30 minutes of the movie is OK, and then it goes off the deep end. It ends without the viewer feeling anything. The final hour is OK.   I cannot understand how this movie made any money. I cannot see how it could have done without the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this DVD for the hell of it, thinking it was a really cool movie, and I was so wrong. I got bored, but then I was let down. The whole film is a waste of time and is filled with cliches and jokes that would be laughed out of a third grade play recital. I can't believe the kids liked this film. It could have been so much better if the directors and the actors weren't so desperate to make something cool. The plot is a bit too predictable, and the humor is a little too broad for my taste.  Overall, a dreary and badly-produced movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this DVD after reading a few reviews and thought "this movie sucks big time, but it doesn't take away from the movie." I found the movie to be dull, lifeless and dull. The acting was bad, the plot was terrible.  The DVD has a lot of extra material on the DVD and is not worth renting for.  This movie was boring and boring. The movie is about a group of people who go to a funeral. The group is made up of old co-eds. It is not interesting how these people come together and spend their time, they are not interesting.  If you want to see a good movie, this is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's unfortunate that this movie was made. I don't think there are too many films that are bad. A few are so bad that they are good, but this movie is so bad, I couldn't stop laughing after the first few minutes. I mean, come on, what the hell was that?? What was that? The acting was bad, the story was bad and the script was terrible. If you liked Lord of the Rings, you'll love this movie. If only you watched The Godfather...you'll laugh at this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a good plot: a rich, lazy girl with big dreams is getting killed and comes back with a vengeance. It goes downhill from there.  The ending is the only real surprise, and I can't really complain because I have to keep a happy heart.  Overall, the movie isn't great at all. I gave it a 2 out of 10 because it could have been much, much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was bad. I really wanted to like it and I did. I don't know why I didn't like it. I was watching it and it was just horrible. I mean I'm a teenager and a teenager shouldn't waste my time like this. It's just not realistic. It wasn't funny. It was stupid. It felt like I was a kid again. I wish it would end the way it ended in the first movie and not go on to something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a pathetic rip-off of "Dinosaur", "Manos", "Monsters", "The Secret of NIMH" and other such "Scary" flicks. The "fun" is the acting, which consists of a bunch of horrible guys with really stupid minds. The plot is so bad I was actually laughing at the screen. And, the sound is so awful, I was unable to even laugh at the sound. The jokes are so bad, that I was surprised when I saw the movie. The characters are sooooooo un-funny, that it was hard to tell if I was watching a joke that I heard from the director. The only good thing about this movie is that it didn't try to be cheesy as it could have been. It tried to be clever, but ended up being dumb as hell. It made me laugh so hard, that my stomach hurt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really sad to see that there are movies that are bad enough to watch that are good enough to rent out (i.e. "The Good Fellas"). But "The Grifters" is not one of them. It's bad, not funny, not interesting, not good at all, just dull. The director should have made "The Mother" a masterpiece. It really is. It has everything that one could think of: the beginning with the beautiful and loving mother giving birth to a baby in her room and the end with the husband coming home from work to find out he has a daughter in his bed. The characters are all so unsympathetic and not even able to care for their own needs that it's impossible to take them seriously. The entire movie is really a bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what the deal was with this movie. I watched it, I read the reviews, I don´t even really care. I only wanted to see some funny jokes. But it was the most boring movie ever made. I didn´t laugh once. This movie was very boring and not funny at all.   I only liked it because the movie was bad and I didn't like it because it was bad. I like it for the stupid reason that the movie is boring. If you like funny movies that are not bad at all, you have no sense of humor at all! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like the Lord of the Rings and enjoy seeing a lot of animals in your films this is a good movie.  I have to say this movie is bad. It had a lot less violence than the Lord Of The Rings and that is not a bad thing. It just made the movie worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a long time movie-watcher, I was a little disappointed by this movie. The original series is great, but this one wasn't so much.  The story is about a guy (the main character) who gets a phone call from his girlfriend, who tells him about a death. The movie has all the usual plot elements of a person getting killed by another person (the victim) getting revenge, or a serial killer getting caught, and the cops just letting things go at his apartment.  I've seen a few good movies, and they all were pretty good.    This movie isn't so bad as the first one. It has a lot of plot, and most of the scenes just make the movie a lot, much to the chagrin of the viewer. The story just goes on and on, with no resolution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to go through this movie to be able to take it seriously.  As a rule, this movie is terrible.  It's not a good movie.  If you want to watch a funny movie, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive comment I could make about this movie is that it does have a few good points.    The first one is that some of the acting is good. The main characters are boring and have a hard time understanding what they are seeing. The plot is poorly developed and the characters are not even likable. The movie is very slow and not realistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked "Cockney Classics" and "Lionel", you will love this movie.  This movie was bad from the start, it was terrible. It wasn't funny until the end. The only thing I liked about this movie is the way it ended. The plot is horrible. The ending was stupid.  I am giving this movie a rating of 1/10, because I don't know what else I could give it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never heard a positive review about the movie, and I've only seen one movie in my life so far... and it was a very bad movie.  I liked the movie and I don't understand why it has been removed from IMDb.  It is sad that there are no movies like this anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that was good about this movie was the music. The whole movie was very annoying and just plain dull.  The story was terrible. It was very unbelievable.  What was even worse was that this movie tried to make a point about the Iraq war. It tried to be a movie about a guy who came back from the war and got killed in a car crash.  I was really annoyed with the story. The best part was when they tried to tie everything together and it just ended.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible and I was hoping that a story about the lives of a couple of losers in the 80's would somehow magically appear. But no, the movie just made me angry. The director should have stuck to making nice little movies and not waste my time with this one. I don't know what people were hoping to get out of the movie. I mean, the plot was...I dunno. The acting wasn't bad. It was terrible. The movie was really, really bad.  I would recommend skipping it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this movie is if you want to see a good laugh or if you really think your life is like a bad "Friday the 13th".   I think I have seen the last good movie. I don't see why I watch movies like that.  The movies are good but this movie was funny. The acting was not good, and the movie was not scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Star Wars fan since I was 8 years old and to this day I have seen the entire saga. My biggest problem with Star Wars is that it was very much a big joke. Sure, the "Jedi" movies were funny, but when did the original Star Wars series have jokes? Not at all. The only reason I gave this movie a 2/10 was because of the special effects (the best of which were "Death of the Jedi") and the "Empire Strikes" and "Return of the Jedi" films. This movie was just awful. I don't know how they could have made such a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager I saw "The Dead Code" and the "Killing Bed" on a weekly basis and I remember very little about the plot. This movie is a waste of time. I have never read the book and all of the movies I have seen on this movie have been bad at the book. This one is just a horrible movie that isn't scary at all. The movie is just so bad that I was forced to turn the DVD off. The acting is so bad I was mad that I had to shut the movie off after 40 minutes. I don't recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where you cant take the movie seriously. It is nothing more than a very bad movie.   It is really nothing more then a movie that is made on a very low budget.  The story has been done so badly that you cant even pay the rent for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is something about this film that makes it worth a second look. It is very, very boring, unimaginative, unbelievable and just doesn't have much of a plot. There is not much of an action either. There are a lot of shots of actors in action and there is no real sense of excitement or even suspense. The script is incoherent, the pacing is bad and there are not enough plot twists and turns to keep things interesting.  The plot is not well-thought out and there isn't a single memorable moment.  I would like to see a real story in the movie and to be entertained in some other way. The actors are all not great, and the story is very predictable.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a movie that looks like it could be a great movie if it wasn't for the fact that it looks like a movie from an indie movie.  There is a good scene where a girl is playing with a remote and the sound is drowned out by a music video playing from a CD.  That said, the rest of the movie is pretty boring and forgettable.  The soundtrack is alright and has good music, which is sad.  I rated this movie a 1/10 for the music.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the first part of this movie and I really wanted to see the rest of it...and then it's not that bad, it's just the first time I saw this movie that I was really annoyed...  The acting was bad...I mean, the whole thing was bad. The plot is bad...  I've seen a lot of movies that are bad, this was no exception.   The whole movie is a joke...just...if you're drunk enough to make it, don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of this movie was interesting. I thought it was the most overblown of the bad movies I've seen and it wasn't really that bad. The acting is horrible. The special effects are terrible. The plot is not interesting. And this movie is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is predictable and predictable at the beginning, when the story begins it doesn't take long before things start to get silly. This is not a film that makes you laugh. This film is a bunch of meaningless and boring characters, one after another. There is no real connection between any of the characters and I really don't know who is going to enjoy this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is the only thing that made me laugh at all in the movie. The plot is non-existant and it has the worst dialogue I've heard. I think this movie is so bad it's good, I don't know how this movie was funny or entertaining. The cast is bad, but the movie is bad. The music is bad and the script is bad enough to be funny. This movie is just a waste of time and money, there was no story line and the cast was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this film with my kids and they thought it was an alright movie, but noooo it was really crap. It was bad, bad, BAD and disgusting. I mean it was so bad it was good and you couldn't stop laughing at the scenes, which were so bad, I mean, they were really, really awful. My husband and I got freaked out. I think the whole movie was so disgusting and I wanted to take my kids to get freaked because it was SO gross. We watched it all and we kept laughing until we were embarrassed. The acting was so awful that my youngest started crying because of the acting, and we got freaky freaky fun freaky out freaky moments. The last 5 minutes are the only good moments, and I think that's what ruined it for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, I have seen many movies, and this was the worst movie I have ever seen. The only reason why I sat through it was because the director was a very, very bad director, and that's what kills me.   There were so many plot holes, holes I would fly through with my eyes. And the fact that they were shot in Mexico means nothing more. The plot is stupid. And there's nothing more stupid than a movie with bad cinematography.  Don't waste your time, waste your money, waste any braincells you have. And don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that really bothered me the most in this movie was the acting. The script, the dialog, the plot - all was so-so-bad it was unbelievable. I mean, you could see the acting before the movie was over and the whole thing was terrible.  So, in conclusion, if you want a good movie - watch "The Last Picture".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A small boy becomes a ninja and his mom, the mother of his dreams, takes her kids ninja training lessons. He then begins to live a dream world where he can fly ninja stars to save the day. And the mother takes her children to an island to hone her ninja skills. The two continue their training, with the help of the island's new ruler, the Lord of the Rings (who was the first to kill off Sauron in the LOTR video game).  The boy flies a helicopter through the air to kill the bad guy, which they did with their ninja stars, but he is too late and the baddie gets away. The mother and son go into a frenzy and try to find the ninja and stop at every place the baddies go to.   So the mother starts the training of the ninja with a bunch of new training equipment that the boy brings with him. And then the two become ninjas, and go around killing the bad guys. Then they are the good guys, and fly through the sky to save some people from falling to their deaths.  The ninjas fly away and the mother and the kid have to stop the training, which goes on for a while. And they meet a ninja named Trelkov, who tells them to get on with their dreams. So they take the ninja back to the island and start their own training. Trelkv becomes their teacher and teaches them the ninja skills that they should never have learned.  Then Trelv tells them their dreams and their dreams can help them find their dreams, but Trelkk tells them not to. The ninja are then made to train in their dreams instead of training in reality. The whole thing is very stupid and the end is bad.  Finally, Trelka does the best thing ever, and then the ninjas become ninjos again, and finally the mother gets a dream, which she had after Trelku told them not.  And there's the ending, where the ninja are the last ones to die.  If the movie is anything to the contrary, this movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, bad, badly directed, that I was disgusted to find out that I couldn't see how bad it was, and it was awful.  It's sad. The acting was bad, the dialog is bad, and I felt like I was watching a movie about how the people in the village were lazy and not able to take care of themselves...  I just watched it because I had to get home. I think I will never watch another movie from this director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is badly written and it seems like a movie that has been cut down to bits. The acting is not credible, nor is the script.  The movie is bad, the acting is bad.  I have given up watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a very good movie. The acting is terrible, the plot is bad and the direction is horrible. It is not good at all, it is not funny and the film is not worth watching.  This film is, in a word, boring and just not funny.  The plot is, at best, very boring, not funny, boring, and the end is really, really dumb.   The story, the humor is bad.  I think this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen, the other movies in the same category are    1.  2.  3.  4.  5..  (And that is the only one that is worth watching).  This movie is the absolute worst movie ever made, a movie that is not interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a stilted and boring mess. The acting is poor, the story is not interesting, and there are many ridiculous situations throughout that I could see coming up as I watched. It is a bad film with no real purpose. The plot is boring, the acting is not engaging, and the music is awful. The ending is the only good thing about the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has to be the worst movie ever made. It's a bad film.  I don't know why I bothered to watch this film, or if I was watching it for a friend I don'nt know. The acting was horrible and the story was stupid. It was awful.   The plot has a few interesting parts, but the film is just boring. The story itself was bad and the actors had no chemistry.  The cinematography was OK, but everything else was bad.  This was not interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very weak film.  The acting is terrible and the story is weak.   This film is, unfortunately, a waste of time.  Please spare yourself from this waste of film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie last night at a screening of "Wishbone" and it was pretty awful. I watched the movie with a friend and she was laughing hysterically throughout. I also found the humor very childish and very shallow. It is very obvious that the director wanted to mock the audience by mocking them, and the humor is just not funny at all.  I guess I should just ignore the film, and hope that there are no bad movies like this one in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real surprise here is if the ending is the most disappointing I've seen. The last 20 minutes of the movie was just a succession of scenes of static and incoherent dialogue, with a soundtrack that seemed to be a combination of a cheap, low budget, made-for-tv horror flick and a low budget indie horror flick.  The acting was bad and there was no suspense. The ending was a stupendous waste of the good cast.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this movie a lot of things happen and then it gets a little too predictable. I mean it was a very strange movie. So I decided to watch it and was surprised to find out it wasn't all that bad!  The main character (played by James Coburn) is a former soldier who has been blinded by the light that he had absorbed from the star (that was a pretty strange coincidence). He goes blind, his vision becomes constant, he falls in love with another woman, and he begins to lose his ability to distinguish reality from hallucination. He is then visited by an angel and a demon. The angel warns him that if he continues to make the same mistakes as before he will lose his sight completely.  It's a very stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have watched this movie twice so far and I can't even see the ending anymore. I do however, see the acting and that's pretty much all that matters. I was kind of hoping that the movie would have ended before it because the movie was so terrible. I guess I should watch it for the fun factor and not because I was actually watching it.  I think that this movie is for the most part very bad. I did enjoy the ending of the movie because it was so predictable and I thought the whole movie was very poorly made. I thought that the ending was really weak and didn't make much sense at all. I have seen some movies that end with a good payoff but this movie ends with nothing.   Overall I don't think that it is a good movie, but I would recommend people not waste their time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the film that has to be shown in a museum to be understood.  First of all I must say that the cast is boring.  The plot is bad, the direction is bad and the acting is bad.  And I just think that the museum is going to be showing this movie.  I think it will make people think that this was an interesting film.  If you want to see a funny, original and stupid film that will make you laugh for a long time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's a lot of bad acting and writing in this movie. The whole movie is about the relationship between a girl (Kasey) and a boy (Simon). The plot is weak, there's no suspense, no action, nothing. I guess I just expected more expected something more from this movie than what it got.    This movie is a big disappointment.  I watched it only to find it had a good ending, but boy was I disappointed.  It's sad that they even have this movie in their collection. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is a joke. It is pathetic. It makes a person want to punch the director and producer for making a movie like this. It was pathetic.  The plot is not funny. The jokes are not funny, and the film is a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's a plot, which is so bad it is actually quite good. The director really doesn't seem to know the plot and is making the movie more like an action movie. There are just some random events happening and you know that the director is just making it up as he goes along. If he wants to make a movie with random events that are not supposed to be random, he should just leave well enough alone. The ending is actually the most disappointing and most of the plot is just strange and stupid. The only funny parts are the two girls in the train and the one guy in the station. I could be wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. The whole film is so bad it is actually funny. The script is extremely low budget and the acting is horrible. The story is badly written and just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't bad but it's awful. This movie was bad.  The acting is bad. The characters are bad. A lot of people are funny.  There is a lot of violence and the story is weak. The movie is bad and a lot longer than the first one.  I really don't know what was wrong with this movie. I don't understand the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out well enough, and after a long time I got bored of it. I tried to figure out what was going on, and figured it was a very strange movie, and I was right. It has some weird and very creepy scenes, which is good, but I guess it was just not my cup of tea.  But I can't understand why it's called the "Walking Man". Why it's not a horror movie, is beyond me.  My advice is not to waste your time, and go for a laugh with your friends.   4/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a shame that I do not know if this was made by the same director who did the first one. It's just a shame as this movie is far from the first. The movie is a big waste of time, actors are bad, the story is boring and not interesting at all, and some people might as well be drunk after watching it.  The first time I watched this movie was just like the first time. I was annoyed when the movie didn't go anywhere.  I do however like the acting, the acting is a little on the harsh side and the music is pretty good. The plot is weak and the ending is very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie because I was sick of watching so much. The movie was dull, lifeless, and boring. It didn't have any good acting. It looked like a movie about a family's life. It had many unnecessary scenes, unnecessary humor. It did not show any good family moments. It was not funny.  The movie is about a mother that has a problem with her daughter, a mother who is constantly cheating on her daughter. The mother finds out she has an affair and decides to kill herself.  I did not laugh at the movie. I did laugh at myself for being such a hypocrite. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story of two estranged and emotionally unstable brothers is one of those situations where you are left with the impression that the people involved are really interested in helping each other. The characters are completely unsympathetic and have no real emotional involvement in the real world, and the movie is not realistic.  The only way I can watch this movie is if I keep my eyes away from the screen, and then suddenly I can't look away, but then it's not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's something about the entire movie that is comatose. The whole movie is about some bored guys that decide to take a trip to Africa and have a good time. It turns out that this is actually the perfect time for them to have some fun, as it were, and a nice, quiet life. This is no better than The 700 Club in its own way, and I'm sure it's no worse than The 100 Club in the same way.  The movie is bad, the acting is bad (the entire cast is bad), and the plot is bad. This movie is so bad I'm surprised that it's not even worth the price of a rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the usual B movie, this is for you.  The movie is a pathetic attempt at a horror film. The acting is bad.  I watched this movie thinking, "If I were a student, this would be a great learning experience".  The story is, "I'm so sick of hearing the word "Phantasm", I thought it was something along the lines of "What are you?".  This movie is just another typical horror movie, only more disturbing and with a better storyline than this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was bad, and I don't think it deserved the three stars it got from me. The movie could have been much better, and at least gotten the acting.  The plot was so bad, it was bad that I stopped watching it. The director, whoever he is, should be banned from directing another movie in the future.  I don;t know how this movie is good, I don'nt know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are several problems with this movie.  1)  The main reason I give this movie is that the acting is so bad. I found myself not caring about the story, and not caring for the characters at all.   2) The direction is so choppy, and the editing is poor, and all of the actors are so one-dimensional that it hurts the viewer.  3) There are too many unnecessary scenes and not enough interesting situations to capture the full range of emotions.  4) The script is so tatty, that I found it difficult to even tell how I feel about the characters.  5) I found that the music was so intrusive, that it was painful to listen to.  6) The ending could have been much better. I would have liked to have seen a little bit more closure.  7) The story is so poor, that in the end you are wondering why it all happened.  8) I was so frustrated by the bad acting, that the ending was just a let down.  9) There was no payoff, and that just makes me sad.  10) I felt that this movie would have been better if the actors had just given us some closure. I don't know if it's because I was bored watching it, or if I wanted to see some good acting.  11) I am so glad that I have not seen this movie, because I really did not enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie for the hell of it and watched it for the second time. I was still mad that they cast a guy that I've seen in some of his old films, and then put him in this one. The guy played a really annoying and dumb person. This movie is one of those movies that you really hate. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of this film is something that makes you wonder why this film was never made. The only way I can describe this film as anything other than an embarrassment is if you are someone who likes to see a lot of violence. The violence in this film and the story of the "good cop" is pathetic. The ending of this movie and the conclusion is just not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of this film were good. It starts to get interesting and at times you could tell that something is going to happen, but it's not until the end credits where you realize that it's all just a piece of crap.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an era of cheap and derivative, the films from the likes of the makers of "Patton" and "The Pianist" were considered great escapist thrillers. "Punisher" isn't that kind of escapist. It is, instead, an exercise in bad taste and bad language. The entire film is just an exercise of amateur sleaze. The film is amateur sleazeballs. The characters are bad. The script is amateur at best. The acting is amateurish at best and there is nothing remotely entertaining about this. I think the only way that this could have been better is if there had been a single decent actor in the whole film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at a screening at the festival of the "B" version of "Titanic" which was very disappointing. I was watching this movie for the second time after the first one. It is sad that the whole audience was laughing and yelling at the screen. It was bad.  I thought that the director should not have been able to understand the meaning of the movie, but he was just giving the people what they wanted to hear.  The director should have made "Tyson" 3.5 instead of this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a huge disappointment. The acting was poor and the story was a major disappointment. There are some great scenes in the movie which are just not worth to mention.  I think I would be a better director to make this film, and I am not saying this is a bad film, as I am sure it would be just that, a huge waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie had a decent plot, but it didn't know when to quit. I don't know why. The ending was predictable and didn't make much sense.  I really wanted to like the movie, because the ending left much to be desired.   I am sorry to say the ending was not good. I think that people are going to see this movie expecting a great story, and the ending didn't deliver.  It did leave me with a bad taste in my mouth, so that I wanted to see the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is a bad rip of a movie, it starts out with a beautiful country house, it ends in a cemetery, but the twist ending is where everything goes wrong. The movie is supposed to be about an old woman that gets a visit from a mysterious man, and she becomes obsessed with the man.  After a few days she becomes ill, and the man asks her what she wants. She wants her ashes, but he says it would be good to have them in the home, so she goes and kills the old woman.  This movie is about the woman who has the strange obsession of destroying old, rotting corpses, it is filled with flashbacks of the woman's visit to the man, it just goes from bad to worse.  The story is predictable, the acting is poor, the movie is badly directed, the ending is predictable. The acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the kind of movie that makes you wonder what the director was trying to do.  It's the sort of movie where it's hard to tell who is who.  The plot is very, very dull.    The characters are completely unsympathetic.  There are some interesting performances but it's nothing special.  Some of the dialogues are interesting.  You can't even get a plot, or what's there to make up for.  What's the purpose of this movie?   Well, to make it easy for the director to make another movie.  This movie is completely crap and nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing is predictable, badly directed and just plain uninspired. In one scene, a couple are arguing, but they are interrupted by a phone call from their friends and they get up and take their clothes off.  I am not entirely sure how this movie became such a big hit. The film is full of annoying dialog, cliches and is boring throughout. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the last 30 minutes were alright, it was okay? It had that feel of a bad, final season, where the main character is so upset and upset with the things they've done and is unable to move on. I don't think this is the final season. It is, I don`t know how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film for my 15th birthday. It was the second time I have seen the film, and it was the last time I was on a plane. The plot was so weak, I had to fast forward through most of it. It is the only movie that I have ever seen where the plot was actually interesting. This movie could have been so much better. It started out interesting, but after the first 20 minutes, I started becoming annoyed. It got boring at some points, but I could not get enough of the plot.  If you want to see a good movie, I would recommend this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie, I think, was about some sort of super-natural phenomenon, and it was just plain weird. But then the sequel... I'll give you the title, but I have no idea how it could be better. I mean, it was, well, boring. And it wasn't scary.  The characters are... Well, if you're gonna watch it for a couple of hours, you're going to be bored of watching the movie. I know, this is supposed to be scary, but it was really stupid.   I mean.... This movie, to me, was like... the kind of movie that makes you think it's a horror movie and then it's really really just weird.  Oh... and there was really no suspense.  I think the whole movie was really bad, but for the most part, I can't really say that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the sort of movie that makes you want to see something else, even if it means seeing something new, like a comedy.   The movie is really bad, and is really predictable. It is like claiming that a movie is only good if the acting is good, but it is actually good. The jokes are lame, and the whole movie makes the same mistakes over and over again.  I really don't know how this movie was made. I don't think it was a good script. It could have been a really good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First, the story is weak and the characters are weak and have little depth. I mean, who can believe that such a person would stoop this low? The acting is awful. The plot is stupid. The direction is bad. The characters are unsympathetic. And this is really sad.   If I were you I'd think I'd be very impressed with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my girlfriend. We found ourselves wanting to give this movie a shot, but nothing really special. I was hoping that it was some sort of an over the top movie. It wasn't, it was just horrible.  This movie was bad. The acting was terrible, the plot was weak and it just went downhill from there. The cinematography was bad, the editing was poor, and the movie just looked like a piece of crap. The whole movie looked like they just slapped a few scenes together to try to make something that was good. This movie is not worth the $3.99 I had to pay for it, nor the time I lost to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I had to write this comment for the sake of seeing a good movie. The best movie of the first half hour was not a good one. It wasn't a good story, but the best acting in the movie. I thought the movie was good and the story and the movie flowed well together.   The ending was a little too predictable, which makes me wonder if it was the best. The movie is interesting and the ending could have been different if it wasn't for the ending.  Overall, this movie isn't a great movie and I don't know if it's worth watching. I'm glad it wasn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can see this movie is if I take it literally.  The movie is about a couple of college students who get their ideas of creating an ultimate prank and end up making it themselves.  What a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is not funny. The plot is terrible. The jokes are corny. The direction is flat. The acting could be better than this.  I can't understand how this movie is ranked lower than "C" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen bad movies about serial killers, but this one is not even close to being one of them.  It's not scary, the acting is terrible, the plot is incoherent and the acting isn't very good at all, and that's a big reason why this movie is so bad.  As someone who likes watching scary movies, I can tell you how to deal with a movie that isn't scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to say that i've seen two films this bad before, and neither one was as bad as this movie.  The whole film is so stupid that it's hard to see the plot. The acting is so bad that you can't believe that the whole movie is just a waste of time.  Oh, and the story is the only thing that made me laugh through the whole whole movie. The only good movie I have seen that has had good acting and a good story was THE PUPPET SHOW.  If you're like me and are a big Luke-the-wonder-of-the universe type, don't watch this movie unless you want to see some good cheesy movie. Or, if you want a good cheesy, funny movie with good humor, watch THE SHIRLEY SHOW. It has good humor and also has a decent plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The idea of the film was very good but it wasn't a terrible movie, the characters were so one dimensional and boring I wanted to walk away.   It is very very disappointing that this movie didn't have any story line, it is not interesting in the first ten minutes.  The film really took off about ten minutes into the movie and it is really not worth commenting any more.  It should have been a lot better, and I would have given this a zero out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, I think, a combination of an awful movie with bad acting, bad directing, and bad writing. I'd like to see some action, I'd rather watch a movie with better writing. It is an insult to the good writers and director of this great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an absolutely horrible movie. It is the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is horrible. The direction is poor. The story is weak. The plot is pathetic. The only thing that made me laugh in this movie was watching the other movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with the usual chummy melodrama and a plot to rescue the kidnapped princess. The acting is bad, the characters are weak and the script is...well, the script. I couldn't finish watching it... The only good parts were the end credits where they say "for those of you who don't like the movie...just say you don't understand..." Well, what is the point of it... Well, it's not an acting lesson and it's a movie for people who think it's cute. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's the worst movie I've ever seen. It has the look of a bad horror film. It's a shame because this was made for the hell of it, and I have seen better movies in the genre, so it could have been great.  This movie is a total bore. I mean, it's not even really scary, it has nothing to say, it really is a waste of time.   I'll give it 2 out of 10, but that's nothing more than a tired old fart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie as a student at Wesleyan University. It was so bad, I thought it was too long. The acting is awful. The plot is bad. The humor is bad, the plot is terrible. It's not worth watching the movie over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As someone who has watched all of this movie, I can honestly say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen. The only good thing about it is the fact that it had some good songs in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a horror film this is easily the worst film I have seen in a long time. It contains a very weak cast, and it doesn't work at all. I have to admit that I am shocked at the lack of production values here.  The story is boring, the script is very bad and the acting is poor, the editing is poor and the soundtrack is bad, and the production values are pretty good.  Don't waste your time with this film. It is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, I'll admit that this was not the worst movie I've ever seen.  The movie starts well. I mean, I was kind of bored and was watching it, but then the movie started to go a bit slow and boring, but after a bit it turned out to be alright. And when the movie finally started, I just got bored again.  If you're looking for a fun movie with a plot, you'll find it in "Frosty Fate".  If that's not enough, then there's "Troll 2".  But if you want a fun, interesting movie, just watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad mess. It could have been the funniest film ever made, and it would have been a masterpiece. It isn't funny. It doesn't have good acting. It's boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little over two years ago, a friend of mine (Brian Sweeny) invited me to see his latest movie "The Man In The Mirror". After a couple of beers, I was convinced that Brian Sweenys latest masterpiece, "The Mirror Man" would be better.  The plot is weak and the script is predictable. There are no surprises, the dialogue is all cliché and it's very hard to figure out why this movie is such a bad film.  If you are a fan of Brian S, don't waste your time. This is a boring film. This could have been a great story if the director had done something a little different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad. There are some good things about it. For example, the movie was shot in the desert. It's really dark and dull and i really can't stand it. There is a good plot and the acting is poor. The plot is stupid. It is not funny. The only funny part is the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the movie that I have seen, I mean... the director of the movie should have his head checked for CTE. The movie is so boring, that it was like watching a movie that was done on a bad budget, and it was so disappointing that I had to fast forward through it to get to the good bits, and when I saw them I was like "oh my gosh, what the f*** was that all the sudden?". I mean, you can tell it in a movie if you really want to. The acting is so bad, that you can hardly tell what's going on, the script is terrible, and there's nothing nice to say about this movie, or about the movie, I'll say, if you like to waste your time on something that's not supposed to be funny then this is the right movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I have ever seen and I am truly amazed that there are people out there who thought this was a good film. I would love to see people walk out and say how did you come to the conclusion that this was good film when you were a teenager. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bunch of bad movie fans and a few serious movie buffs have created a cult following for this film. I can't believe that a movie that was meant to be a masterpiece, as it is, and is in fact considered a cult classic.    If you want to see a really bad movie, go see this one. It's terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to seeing this film and I was not disappointed! I just think its a bad idea! The plot is just poor and the acting is awful! The special effects are OK, but its just not believable! I have seen worse films in the 80's and 90's, and they are very, very, good! The film is OK, so what do you expect? This film is really nothing to be proud of! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is set in a small Mexican town where the residents look like zombies. There are a couple of good zombies (who can walk in the sunlight) and one doctor who comes up with a cure for zombies.  The plot is about a doctor and his zombie brother (played by the director of "The Hills Have Eyes") that help his brother (a doctor) and his wife (the zombie's wife) survive after the zombie plague in the town.  Well, there's the zombie cure. A man is cured by the zombie brother. A couple of years later the doctor finds out the cure and begins to look for the brother and his partner. The brother is infected with a mysterious fungus that gives him the ability to walk in sunlight and can walk for weeks at a time.   There are other odd and unexplained things. It is really strange how this movie is set up. The music and the lighting are really weird. The zombie brother and the doctor were infected with the fungus. The doctor and wife were infected.  So, what are we to believe? The movie is so boring. I could not even finish watching. I mean, really, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the plot was not realistic. It is very much predictable and predictable.  If the actors don't try hard enough to act you will end up with a very dull movie.  This movie could have been so much better if it had been done with a realistic plot.  The main characters are not believable.   If you want a good movie that is a good one, like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad. I don't even know why I was in the theater when it came out. It was probably the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was terrible. The plot was lame. The ending was bad and was not good at all. The director should be embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is not too bad, but the acting is so bad, that the whole film is nothing more than a waste of time and the plot is a real bore.  If you want to waste your time watching this rubbish, you should try to see "The Incredible Mr Magoo" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the only movie with a plot that would be interesting, but it is the worst movie I have ever seen. It has no good acting, bad script, bad directing, bad special effects, no real story, and a ridiculous plot. I am truly shocked that so few people saw this movie in the theaters that they didn't have enough people to watch it. I would think that people were purposely picking movies based on the actors.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had high hopes for this movie. It was billed as "The Dead Zone," which was a tribute to the original film. I was so wrong! It's not as bad as the original. It's actually quite tame. The special effects are actually quite good. I guess it's all down to the "making of" as far as the story goes.  The story is completely unrealistic and the characters are completely boring. There is no thrill or excitement. The movie is boring and the movie is terrible.   The ending is so lame that you don't care about the story anymore, and the only thing that could have possibly saved this film is if it was not directed by Stephen Low. I'm shocked that this movie made it to production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just the worst film I've ever seen. The acting is so bad, it is unbelievable, that I couldn't stop laughing the whole time. I could not even understand why I stopped laughing...  This film is so boring, that it made me sick. It has been said that there are a few funny jokes, but they're all either really bad or just plain silly.  The only funny moments I found were the one when the movie is showing an old man making a phone call, and the phone is on a landline, and he is talking to a person from the phone company.  I found the whole movie to be so incredibly awful, that even I was sick of it.  This movie was so bad I was disgusted... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made for TV, but the whole concept was very dumb and not worth my time. I saw it for free on TV, and I thought it was very, very, boring, and could have been interesting for some reason. I could have done much better.  The ending is so bad, and the story is so poorly thought out, I could not believe that I sat through this garbage.  I mean, really, when was the last time a movie made such a bad ending?   My advice: don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad that I would not be surprised if I had to rate it with the same kind of awe that this movie has been given.  The acting is poor, the direction is amateur at best, and the ending is so disappointing that you can't take your eyes off the screen to look away.  I gave this movie a 1 because I like bad movies, and there was no point in watching it, so I guess I just had a bad day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought "The Rookie" was bad, you will love this movie.  The plot is weak and the story is just plain bad.  It is not bad at all.  There is one good shot of a bus with a busker.  "The Young" was not bad. "The Old" was great.   I don't understand how "The" can "win" in this movie....  I think this movie is just bad from start to finish.  I am just giving this movie some credit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not easy to say this is the worst movie of all time.   The only thing I can say that this movie is bad is that I am not able to recommend it to my friends.  I give it a 1 for the acting, it was horrible.  The music was OK, I think I liked the song "The Lady In Red"  The ending is just sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like watching the movie, go see it. The movie is a waste of time.  I think that this movie was made because it needed the money badly, and they thought "Hodet Over Vannet" was a good idea.   The script was horrible. It is a terrible script.  It is an extremely stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this film at the IMDB preview. They should of given this film a rating of 5 or 6 instead of 1 or 2, or 1 or 3. The acting is bad, the movie is really, really bad, and the story is nothing to like.  This is the movie that got all the awards at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in 2006.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was very predictable and predictable from the beginning. The whole movie is like one big joke. If you have to make a movie like this one, don't make a sequel, just make a few more movies like the first one. It will ruin the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this film, I kept thinking, "I want my money back!" The acting is poor, the dialog is horrible and the direction is so uninspired that it's not even funny. It is really, really awful.  It is actually not funny.   It has the look and feel of a very, very bad slapstick movie.  I was just really looking forward to the ending and I don't want to spoil it, but it was just awful. It looked like a joke.  The plot is predictable.  There are many scenes of a bored tone that makes it look like a film about a poor man's life, with nothing to say.  And the ending was really disappointing.  Don't waste your time watching this movie. It could be a great comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. The story is predictable and boring and the acting is poor. The plot is weak and not even the good actors (especially the two great actors of the movie) can make the story come to life.  It is very predictable and very disappointing, just like the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. I could barely finish it. It was so bad that I had to fast forward through it... The movie was sooooo....bad.  I had this movie for 4 hours straight. I mean, 4 hours is long!  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. The acting is terrible, the story is so boring, and the ending is just completely absurd. It really is awful.  It really isn't even that bad, it is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this film is that it was created to "get back the magic" and give back magic to those who don't believe in unicorns and castles. This movie was created by a few who don;t believe in the real world. To this end, it just fails to deliver.  There are many bad actors and actresses in this movie who don'nt deserve to be in a movie that they can be in. The only real joy is the acting, which was horrible.  The plot is bad, the characters are bad, and the whole movie is crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie a few days ago on a friend's recommendation.  It is very very, very bad.  I would never recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those movies you can watch once and wonder if it's got more than just a few laughs. The movie had several good laughs, the director should have given them all, the script should have been tightened and edited. The best thing is the music. I can't understand why the main song was played, it's the worst song I've ever heard in my life. The sound effects are OK, the music is OK. I've never seen anything like this before, never. This is the kind of movie that makes you want to stop watching because you are so bored, and you really want to get a good laugh.  If you have to go for a laugh, go for the good laugh and leave the others alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK movie. I would expect a decent director and/or star to make something special, but it was OK. The main character was OK, and the movie is a bore. The movie is boring, the action is dull, and is not entertaining. It is a shame that such talented and talented people made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very impressed with the acting of "Gabby" the director and the fact that he made the whole movie look like an art film. The music was terrible and I couldn't understand what was being said. The whole movie is a joke. It has no real message at all. I mean, it was so bad it was good. The only good part was the music. I think this movie should have been given a rating of 0/10 and a 1 only for the acting. I really want to like this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie for a bet at a sports book store and I was stunned when I watched it again and was even more amazed by the sheer badness of the movie. The movie is so badly directed, badly written, and just plain boring you cant sit there and not be disgusted. If you are going to watch this movie, just don't.  I watched the movie at night on my local PBS affiliate, and I still cannot sit up. The people who were watching this movie are probably from the same demographic as me, and probably have a history with this type of thing. The characters are so one dimensional and one dimensional that you can't even get a laugh out of the characters, but instead just stare numb and say "oh my gosh" because you're just waiting for something to happen. I guess the producers thought that this movie would have been more entertaining if they had just let the movie speak for itself instead of letting the characters speak for themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very predictable, and badly done film about a guy who gets his big dream, his life goes awry, and he ends up at a hospital.  There is not much to say about this movie, other than, I'm glad it didn't turn into a sequel.  The acting is bad. The story is terrible. The characters are boring. The plot is predictable.  This is not a good film, but a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is so bad, bad it is actually funny. It has many bad actors and the film is badly directed. The jokes are terrible, the direction is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first hour of the movie, I saw that the director's name was Paul and I was thinking wow, so I'm going to see the movie... So I got on IMDb and figured OK, the movie is called "Paul Newman's 'Walking Tall" and it has all the clichés of "The Great Santini" and "The Gooding" with a little bit of "My Favorite Year", "The Big S" and so on.  I did see that the movie was "by no means a masterpiece" and I thought OK, maybe it's a masterpiece and a great film, and that's OK.  So, after sitting through the first twenty minutes of this movie, and having my hopes up, I was left with a very bad taste in my mouth and the urge to vomit...  I would like to say that I am going to stop watching the movie after the first few minutes, because after the movie I felt the urge was no longer to fast forward and was able to follow the story in real time.  It really doesn't make any sense to me why this movie is so popular. I just think the people who rated it so low are probably just too mainstream to be able to understand the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know if it's possible to rate this movie. The plot is poor, the acting is bad, and I mean, just the entire movie.  Don't waste your time, even if you like watching trash like this one. This is a total waste of time and is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing I noticed about the movie was the title. It was "A Scary Movie" with the same story line.  Now, if you are a horror movie fan, or even a person who likes horror movies, this movie is a let down. The story is about a scientist who is working on the case of the disappearance of an old woman from the hospital, and his attempts to solve the mystery.   A Scary Scary movie is like one of those slap stick comedy movies. There is no real suspense, no real punch, no funny, not even a good story line, not really anything to like. The only thing that was good about the film was that it had no real story. It had no true scares and was really boring throughout. The characters are un-sympathetic and the ending is the biggest disappointment in a bad film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a matter of fact, I'm not a big movie fan, but if you're a horror movie fan like me, you'll hate this movie.  The film is nothing more than a "B" horror film with bad special effects and cheesy dialogue, badly directed, and the special effects look like something a person made for an assignment in school.  It really is not scary. It is not interesting, and you don't care what happens to the characters.  This is a film that is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The thing is that this film isn't about a great movie, it's a crap movie that lacks the right atmosphere and atmosphere that is required in a film.  It is like someone took a bad slap in the face with a big bucket of sand and sprinkled it all over the screen in a big, red bucket.  The characters are not sympathetic, just like the director did not give them any emotions.  There is no action, no plot, no dialog, no everything is improvised.   My advice is to stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just so horrible. In the beginning the movie is really good, and I can't really see why I didn't just leave. It starts off good, but then after that the movie goes off the deep end. The characters are so stiff, the dialog is so boring and the movie ends so abruptly, it just isn't funny. I mean, if you're gonna watch a movie, watch it when it's entertaining, and this is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this film to be very poorly written, the story is extremely silly and the humor is corny and doesn't have any real story line at all. I thought that it might be interesting to see how this film made it to production and if the actors were good at the time, but then again, not many people knew the real story, which was something like "The Mother", with the mother being the main character, and the mother having to make up for everything that was wrong with her life.   However, the only funny parts were the beginning and the end, so it was pointless to spend any more time on it.  The only good parts were about the mother and the daughter who made the story.  So, if you like movies that are extremely low-budget and extremely poorly written and just don't try to think too much about them, then I suggest you see Mother Mary's Baby... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like movies that are badly directed and have an agenda.  I would like to see a movie that is good in some way, even if it has the same themes as "The Last Picture Show".  I also like movies with more action and less humor, like "Hodet Over Vannet" and "Kon Tiki", but this movie just lacks that magic touch.    As for the story, I thought it was a bit of an odd one. It was like the last "B" horror film that made me laugh, but then again, that film is still a fun one to watch.  It is still weird to watch a movie with this kind of plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't worth watching if you see it on the movie channel.  If you want to watch a good movie: The movie was very good and if you liked "The Grudge" it was good too.  I am just surprised that a movie with such a bad script and good directing and excellent acting has gotten so popular.  My rate: 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no reason why this film should be titled "The Moustache", and I have watched "The Piano Tuner" and "The Shop Around the Corner" (the latter two of which I actually liked) and I know what to do.  I have not, in fact, seen the Moustaches. I do not know anything about the Mopeds, or even that particular mopeds. The Moustachys I know about, I have only seen one movie in which they played. I think "The Bicycle Thief" would have made more sense as a short movie, but I am left dumbfounded and puzzled as to why the Mops should have been made into a film. I am also confused as to what purpose this Moustached made this film for, but it was not made for a musical, and I am glad it was made because I am not sure it would have been any better.  This movie is about a group of middle aged women who, while looking for a "furniture" to put up on their bedroom wall, are drawn to a house by a man. While their laundry washing, he starts telling them about "The Family Stone", and he is talking about a family in a particular house. They, like the women, go through the entire film confused as they try to figure out who The Family Stone is. They also end up with a mystery that only they can solve.  As the movie progresses, the mystery slowly begins to unravel and the Muppets come to life in the form of the characters in the house, and the story begins to sag.   I would have liked to see a bit more closure, as in "The Mystery of the Mooch" or "The House That Dripped Corn" or even "The Big Red Dog".  If I had to complain about the length of the film, I would say it could have been cut down to 90 minutes or something, as there was not much of the movie, as was promised.  If there was more mystery, maybe the MOPeds could have become more of a mystery than a mystery, and a lot of the mystery could have fallen flat in the end.  All in all, I think this film could have done a lot better if the mystery was solved at the beginning and the movie not really got convoluted. I also wonder if the Munchies could have turned into a mini series, because the ending was very strange, and
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning of the movie, you can see some birds silhouetted against the background and the screen is grainy.   But what we got was the first twenty minutes. They show a few birds silhouets and there's no real action. The movie goes no where and is a complete failure. The acting is poor, the script is bad, the cinematography is bad.  The movie is really bad, I don't even know what the directors were trying to do. I could see something that was beautiful and I would have given it a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing about "The Rookie" is that it's a bad-budget film with an extremely bad script and bad actors. It is nothing but a bad, cheap, crappy film.  I can understand that this movie is for some reason, since I'm a big fan of this genre of movies. But I don't see how it can be "campy" and not be cheesy at the same time.  If you want a fun, campy horror film, you are going to see "The Junior" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is bad, and it is very predictable. It's not that the movie was good, but I thought that the whole movie was very predictable and boring. I watched it in a movie theatre with a friend, and the whole thing was just plain silly.  The acting was very bad, the story just drags on and on, the movie just doesn't have much character development, and yet we know that the characters in the movie are very, very, boring.  What I can't see is how a story about a doctor who gets killed by a heart attack can end with the revelation that he has a heart.  And then the next day, when the doctor comes back, his death is revealed, and everyone is happy.  This movie is not really good, as far as acting goes, it's good, the plot is not bad, I've just seen a lot of bad movies, but this one just did not live up to the standards.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with a bang bang and I can't take my eyes off. A few minutes into the movie I was having a bad hangover, the acting was bad and the music was very noisy. The plot is lame, the story is incoherent, the actors are not credible, the writing is bad and no real thrill. This movie tries to be 'The Shining' and I thought 'The Flame' was a better story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind after watching this film is that it was directed by Stephen Soderbergh. He obviously had no idea what he was doing and his characters behave like the taffy from the old Reese Witherspoon adverts. The only thing that is worth seeing is the first 20 minutes. The film becomes a waste of time and the only reason I give this movie a 4/10 is because of the special effects. I don't think I will waste more words on this movie, I will just say that this movie is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise: I had heard the premise before I heard about this movie. It was something like a parody of 'Being There' with John Lennon playing a movie about a fictitious woman named Grace who gets a job as a radio DJ in a café. Grace works for a man called 'John' and the two become good friends after a short time. John gives Grace a little extra money to pay for her brother's wedding and the ensuing complications follow. It seems like the movie is not realistic in its depiction of the situation. The cinematography is poor and the editing is poor.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to rush out and get this movie because the reviews on IMDb had me convinced this movie was bad.  The plot is very weak, the ending doesn't make any sense. The cast are all bad. And the story, well, the story's not bad. It's very very boring.  It also lacks the most important aspect of a bad film: a good soundtrack.   The movie is a bore and I don't even recommend watching it unless you want to watch an interesting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this film at a silent film festival in Philadelphia, and it was terrible.  I had heard of the film but I had no idea what I had.  The acting was bad, the script was bad and the direction was bad.  All the actors in the film are so uninspired I had a hard time sitting through it.  This film is nothing more than a cheap slap in the face to the intelligence of the American people.  It is the kind of film that people who are not intelligent like me.   If you want to see a good movie, watch "Saw." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not really sure why it is that this movie is always a waste of my time. There are good stories, but this movie could have a lot more entertainment.  The director tries to show us how we are going to get involved in the global chaos, but the movie is so fake, and the characters so affected by the fake messages, that you cannot really understand what is really going on.  I don't really see the point of the movie. The director is saying that we are to be killed by the terrorists or by our own government. There is nothing special about the movie, except maybe the music.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you liked the first film, this one should not be compared to it, I mean, "Maniac" is a totally different movie!  I can't say that about this movie...it's a completely un-entertaining waste of time.  The story is, as it were, totally unbelievable, the direction is so poor, the characters are completely unsympathetic and the sound is so bad, that you cant understand a single word.  I'd like to be able to give a "10" to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie should have been one of the most exciting ever seen on film. Instead it is boring and disappointing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a failure of a story. A lot of the time in the movie is wasted.  The cinematography was awful. The music is not suitable for a story and the movie makes no sense.  In conclusion I give the movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that made me laugh during this movie was that the main character was the director of "The Godfather". The only reason I actually felt the need to leave was because I was in the middle of a serious bout of insomnia. I would have liked to leave the movie at about the halfway point, instead of going on a journey that only ended with a few minutes in.  Overall, the movie was so bad that I was extremely bored throughout. The only positive aspect was that it was so predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, a couple of guys decide to take an impromptu swim in their underwear while having a romantic weekend. They get attacked by a bunch of bears while they are in the water.  The bears seem to think that the couple is trying to have a swim with them, so they all go into the woods and start making fun of them. There are lots of problems here.   One thing I liked about this movie is the music. I think the soundtrack is okay, but there is a lack of songs. It is not memorable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very disappointing and really just plain awful. It is very, very badly directed, directed, acted, and photographed. I think the director should be banned from making another movie of this sort of thing.  The main problem with this movie is that there are no real story lines and no real motivations. I was hoping for a good story line, but this movie goes from nothing to nothing to a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked "Waking Ned Devine" and "Lampoon Park" you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good at all. It has very little action and it is too long. It is very, very, VERY long.  The director tries to make this movie a masterpiece of its own.  It is not.  Please, do not waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title is not "Hollywood's first black female vampire film", as the movie is so often billed. It is "Bloodsucker Vampire: Los Muetos", a vampire film about three female vampires who take on the identities of black women who have chosen to live in Mexico. These women are guarded by three "supernatural" vampires (the film is filled with all the usual clichés), but their "community" consist of cannibalistic cultists who feed off the blood of the women, with the vampire girls even having to drink human blood to survive.   I found the plot of Bloodsucker a bit slow and predictable, and the "plot twists" were predictable.  All in all, not much more boring than a typical vampire film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that so many people think this movie was worth anything. The script was terrible and I think that if the actors did their best, they should have been rewarded with a decent paycheck. If you read the reviews, there is no reason why you didn't enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's bad it isn't even funny. It's so bad you just can't take your eyes off the screen.  And it's not even funny, the plot is so tacked on and not funny, and there is absolutely no redeeming value to be found.  It's like I have never seen such terrible comedy before, I mean seriously, I've watched the worst comedy of all time and this movie is even worse than the worst movie I have ever seen.  I have only been watching this film for the first time, and I didn't laugh once. It was so bad I couldn't even watch it.  If you're looking for a laugh, I would recommend you to try and watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is the worst movie I have ever seen. It had all the clichés of a horror movie except the good one.  If you like watching movies that scare you don't see this one. It is one of those movies that is so bad you cant even enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The acting was awful. The plot was completely uninspiring and the direction was not up to par with the rest of the pack.  I don't know why this movie was so short.  The acting in this movie is nothing short of embarrassing and the ending is the worst of the bunch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie for people who want to watch something really bad. I'm not even going to admit that the movie is good in the first place, it's the movie that is bad.  In this movie, the entire movie was bad. The movie was predictable. The characters were all one-dimensional. I mean, c'mon, how can I get more depressing? I mean really, cmon, just cuz, bad. It was the worst movie I've ever seen.  I really think this movie was not a bad film. It's like a really bad, boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I was looking for a few laughs, but the movie was just plain boring. It's nothing special about it. It is bad acting, the movie is bad, and the songs are bad. I mean just plain bad. The movie was awful, and I really could not get my eyes off the screen.  It was horrible, the song was bad, the dancing was bad... and it just did not entertain.  This movie was boring, and that is why I gave it a 3 instead of a 1. It did not make me laugh, nor did it make me sick, nor do I care about the people dancing.  I gave this movie a 1 for its acting, it was not funny, nor was it entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a good opening that makes the viewer jump. Then a few more jump scenes occur and we are taken into a new story. The actors are all so uninspired and are actually quite good, so it is a bad film.  The story is weak and doesn't really develop until the last half hour. The only character that made me really mad was that girl who was mad for her father and brother, she's really a bitch! I mean if she's acting like that then what are you supposed to think? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how many movies fail to realize the genius of Fred Astaire and Ginger. I am amazed how many Astaire-Ginger movies fail this test of genius.  The only person who can appreciate Fred Astaires & Ginger is the person who doesn't know the humor of Fred and Ginger and that, for the two of them, there is a certain measure of genius that they must reach.  Astaire was funny at times. He would just end his monologue with the words "If I ever get around to you." He also got a little weird with his dancing girls. The dancing girls in Fred Astires & Ginger are, like Astaire, pretty much like Astaires and Ginger are. Astaire's character is so boring that he just comes out of the scene and you can't stop laughing.  Fred Astar was also quite weird and unlike Astaire the only thing that made Fred Astary & Ginger great was the way they played their roles. The only real person in Fred & Ginger that we can identify is Astaire. He is not Fred Astarian, Fred Astorian is a freak freak.  I just wish Fred Astarine and Ginger had never made another movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, I just saw this film. I really wanted to like it. I was really looking for something, anything at all, so I sat down to watch it. It's just really bad. The script was bad. I mean, the dialog is bad. And the ending was really bad...  I think this film was really about some sort of weird drug-addicted super-hero who was going to get some good heroin from the dealers, and end up with a life long drug problem... It was so stupid, I swear. And I really hope they got the money to make this film... It would have been better if they had just made the film... I really don't think this is the best film to have ever made. I just wanted to be generous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a guy that gets attacked by a mutant and uses his powers to save the mutant from the harm of man. In the beginning of the movie, a very nice looking man is attacked by an angry mutant who is killed by a good old man's fire. After this, the man and his friend seem to get killed by the great mutant. In this movie, we learn that the man had a mutant in his head, and the mutant's rage is the man's only way to survive. The movie also shows the great mutants and the man fighting to save them.  Overall, I give this movie a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to tell whether this movie was a comedy, a drama, a tragedy, or a tragedy. It's an odd mixture.  The main plot - what's there to it? - is about a woman who is killed and goes on a rampage. The acting is terrible, the direction is bad, and the ending... well, it's not.  I saw this movie with my girlfriend and we had to rush out and rent this movie. We were really sick after watching it, and we couldn't even laugh.  It looks like a film from a low budget studio production, with a bad script and bad production design. It makes a movie that really looks like it was done in a day, with really bad, badly acted and bad ending.  This is one of those movies that you watch to see a really good, funny, low budget movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very impressed with the number of people who actually liked this movie. I think I was one of the many who disliked the movie and wanted to see the real story behind the events.  This movie is a mess of bad acting, bad special effects and no real story. If you like to laugh with a bunch of high school kids at home, I would suggest you not watch this movie unless you want to laugh at them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the Mplex channel, and I've since seen it a couple of times. I even had to fast forward through some of the scenes to get to the real punchlines.  There were too many plot holes. For example, one of the first scenes in the movie was a conversation between a group of people talking about the "goodies." This could have been saved for an early version of "The General," but it was just too much. The film is so poor, that I'm glad that the actors were good, because this movie is really, really bad.  The film had many moments of "wow," and I have to admit, I was in tears the whole time.  I'll watch this movie and wonder why it is not more popular, because of the actors, the plot, or the lack of a good script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. I mean, I like zombies. I do like the acting but this movie is just so bad, I can't take it anymore.  I give it a 2. It's really only 1 of 5 films in the world that has that much entertainment value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very excited and furious to see this movie and to be able to watch it on a real cinema screen. It wasn't really a film at all, the acting was bad and the movie was very boring, and the plot was rubbish. The director could not even make a film about this and would only use it to make a video of the story for his friends and to show his work in a creative way. It made me think I would go to the movies to watch this movie. The cinematography was terrible, and it looked very fake. I saw it as a movie and that's why I gave it a rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good film I've seen about this movie was "The Movie" (1996)  The first hour is very strange, the acting is bad, the plot is not interesting and I didn't care. The movie is an old man telling a story about his life with his kids and the lives of a bunch of people that do nothing. I didn;t care, I didn'nt even feel like I cared, but the movie got boring and boring. I was mad and furious, I think this is the main reason why I don't want to waste my time watching it.  I'm glad that this movie didn't fall under the same category as "Funny Movie" because that would have been a much better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of an Irishman with Down Syndrome (Cillian Murphy) who was adopted by an English family is brought to the USA by his American mother (Mick Fleetwood) and has to adjust to life in the middle east, where he lives with a strict, strict, and very strict upbringing.  The problem is that he doesn't speak to anyone other than his English American mother and her American friends and she will not understand him, but he will try to get them to understand him.  I do think that the whole film would be better if Cillian Murphy had been more expressive in his speech, perhaps he would have been able to capture some more emotion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my own eyes, and the thing I saw was a bad, bad, dumb, piece of junk. This movie was so bad I felt I had to turn it off.  The acting was horrible, the plot was bad, the direction was bad...and the music...well, let me see now, it was the worst soundtrack ever used.  There was only one funny moment...and that was it.  I mean, come on.    Oh, and if you're going to watch this film, don't eat beforehand, because that will give you the energy you need to realize how stupid you are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't believe how this movie was so incredibly bad, and I'm really surprised to see how many people loved this movie, but I guess it has to be with the whole'so bad, so bad it's good' philosophy.   The plot is predictable, and not at all surprising, and there is absolutely nothing new, or creative in the story, and this movie is not a masterpiece of art.  I really think it's time that this movie will be taken off the shelves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say this...I was looking forward to this movie with high expectations. The main characters were pretty boring and had very little to say. The plot was very strange, very cliched and at times it was very unclear.  I can't understand how this movie could be a classic. It would be like the movie "Jumping Jacks" with Owen Wilson and Jeremy Irons in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the first day it came out.  I got the feeling I'd been there all along, watching a remake of an already bad movie.  The story was weak, the script was bad and the performances of the two main characters were sub-par.  It wasn't until the end of the movie that I really started to care for the characters.  A couple of times the dialog seemed to be sub-Par (such as when one character said that the other was a "frauder") but it never got to that point.   As for the ending, I just couldn't finish it. It was all just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to laugh at people, this is the movie for you. If you're looking for a good laugh, look elsewhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a typical horror movie that is badly directed and badly acted.  The main reason why this movie was bad is the main reason for the movie. The movie is bad and not scary. It is bad enough that you actually laugh out loud! It is the most boring movie ever made! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I'm surprised by this movie. The acting is bad and the plot is terrible. The script is horrible and the ending is bad. The only thing I can recommend to anyone other than me is to look at the movie and laugh at it.  I give this movie a 3 out of 10 because I think that anyone who watches it will probably have a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of days ago I got an e-mail from the folks at "Gloria" stating that the movie "might be" the original movie, and that I should check it out. It wasn't a bad flick, so I decided to take a look at it. I can only say that the acting is not good, and the story is not well done. The director should be embarrassed, and not waste his time doing another movie.  The cast: This movie was not only the worst movie I have ever seen, and was far from the original. There is absolutely no connection with the original, other than that the director (Robert "The Director") and star (Mancuso) are in the same company as the other "G" movies.  There is no character development whatsoever.   This movie is a waste of time, and a waste that could have easily been made in about five minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is an abundance of "unbelievable" movies out there. The only good is that some of them are actually good. There are a few good movies in the genre, but even with a decent cast, they will fall short of the mark.  The movie is so bad that you may actually laugh at the jokes. The jokes are mostly lame, with nothing good at all.  My personal favorite is the movie "The Movie" starring Ben Stiller, with his ridiculous and poorly made movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was made for a lot of money, and this movie shows just how terrible the producers can be when making a movie.  As I've been reading comments and trying to make sense of it, I'm getting more frustrated by the sheer lack of information on this movie, as if the writer was purposely trying to be misleading.  I don't know what to tell you.  The plot is weak, there are too many characters and not enough focus.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was surprised by this film.  It was so bad I didn't care for the story. It was not really a plot.  The ending was not a surprise. It had all the clichés of a bad horror movie. I have seen movies with better endings.  So, it is not shocking. I could tell from the beginning that this movie would be a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just saw this film and was very disappointed. This movie has nothing to save it. I mean...this movie is so...  BAD...  Bad acting, bad directing, BAD camera shots...  I was disappointed with this movie...I mean...the story is boring, I mean I was really, really disappointed with the whole movie.  If you like watching the same movie over and over again, I think you would like to see something else.  So, don't waste your time...I'd suggest something else...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was awful. It was a very disappointing attempt to be a horror film, with some good scares and a few good scares.   If you look at this film with a fresh eye and give it a decent rating of 0.5 then you can still see the good scares in the film, although it has a few more good scares than the rest of the film combined.  Overall I think it has very few good laughs, and the scares are few and far between.  I guess if you want to see a good horror film than this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad horror movie. I could not watch it. It was bad. The acting is bad. It is boring. The movie is boring and boring.  This movie is the worst horror film ever made in the history of the world. I mean really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like to laugh, go and see this movie. If you don't, go rent the original one.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen "Gilligan's Island" and it looked like something of a masterpiece. But, it wasn't. I'd have to say that this was, at best, one of the worst films I've ever seen.  The first thing that struck me about this film was the soundtrack. The music was bad and the sounds of the actors was very bad.  This is the only film I've seen that has had a soundtrack that was worth listening to, let alone sitting through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The director/writer needs to seriously reassess his own movie-making abilities because this movie is simply not that good.  The only good thing is that I would really like to know why I wasted my time on this movie.  I'd like to see how this movie made 10 bucks in the theaters and spent $6,000 to get this movie to the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to go and see this movie because I wanted to see if it could get worse than The Hills Have Eyes 2 (the sequel is also a bad film). The Hills have Eyes 2 was great but the sequel was disappointing. I saw The Hills had Eyes 1 first and I didn't like it. But The Hills, after watching it, was the worst film ever made. It wasn't even worth watching a comedy about a dog that is getting old.  It was really horrible, the story wasn't good at all, the actors were bad and the cinematography was awful.  If I hadn't seen this movie, I would have walked out after 10 minutes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I think it's safe to say that this movie was made by the same team as "The Hills Have Eyes" which is the only film which made me laugh in the whole movie.  The movie had several moments that were so bad, they were laugh out loud and you could hear them laughing.  I was so bored watching this movie that I decided to turn it off. It had no real message and seemed like it was made in the same way as "Hodet Over Vannet" and "Dancer In The Dark"   I think "Worst Case In The History Of The World" would be a better movie. The direction was bad and the actors were terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The original story is about a group of high school students that play a game of dare. A group of them dare each other to do something nasty, and the movie is just a waste of my time.   This movie is not worthy of the 1 star rating given to it by the IMDb voters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I thought about after watching this film was, if this is a true story, I would be embarrassed to be in the same room as the director and co-writer.   The story is not true, the characters are not real. The actors are all the same, with very few variations. The ending makes no sense, I think the director was just trying to make the film as realistic as possible.  If the director would just tell the truth and admit to his mistakes in the past, he would be heart broken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. I mean, it was bad and I couldn't take my eyes away. It was the worst, worst movie I have ever seen. The only redeeming thing was the fact that it wasn't a masterpiece, and I don't know why. The movie went from bad to really bad, and the last half of it was pretty good, and really really bad.  It made me angry. I was so mad that I turned it off.  And I really don't care if you don't like this movie, as long as you leave a comment about it for other people to find out.  I am really shocked that this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the point? The only way I can come up with such a high rating is if you're willing to believe the whole idea that this film was made for a laugh and you're ready to laugh at the same time. That, I can't believe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's not too often that a movie is so terrible. This one is. I've seen terrible movies with much more entertainment value than this one.   This movie isn't worth even watching. The only good thing about this movie is the ending. It has the same old story. It ends with a pretty lame ending and it just didn't make any sense.  I gave it a 2 out of 10, because that's the only reason I gave the movie a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie and after seeing the ending i decided to watch it again. I had high hopes for this movie, i was expecting a great plot, i went to high expectations.  Well this movie is no more, i think its a terrible movie. I saw it on my own and the whole movie was just bad.  The first 15 minutes of the movie was okay, and the rest of it was just really bad. I thought the movie went well, it wasn't even interesting. I would have to say the ending was the most unbelievable and the acting was awful. I gave the movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a lot of crap. It has some nice visuals and some nice music but nothing special. It doesn't really make much sense. The script is really dumb and the direction is really poor.  I just found this movie to be terrible and I hope it got more votes. I don't really see what is special about this movie. It's just not good, and that's really sad.    4/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have nothing to offer, avoid this film. It is a terrible film.  It is an all out war between a man and his family. He is a soldier who has lost his best friend and now goes after her for help.   There is nothing nice about this movie and the action is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is an abundance of bad movies from this company and this one, like the majority of their stuff, isn't even good. It is the worst movie ever made and I think that this film could be made a good movie. This movie is so bad, that I am unable to watch it.   I think the main purpose of the movie was to try to make it look as funny as possible. The only funny part is the music. It's terrible. The story is so poor, that this movie was a waste of time.  I was hoping for a lot, but this movie made me want to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so bad, that the entire plot of the movie is a joke. The whole movie is so badly directed that I had to stop laughing. This movie was a joke, and it should not have been.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10 for the movie and the movie has no real plot.  The movie is about an old man that becomes famous for beating the hell out of his friends, who happen to have a sports bra fetish, because he believes that the sports bra is the ticket to show that he can be as strong as an old person.  This movie is an insult to the audience. It is a comedy that should have stopped the movie before it started. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad and the story was horrible. The plot is really bad and there are really no reasons why this movie should have been made into a sequel. The characters are all uninspired and the director is very uninspired. It is not good at all that you waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very low budget and very disappointing. I really hope that whoever financed this film did a very poor job in the process.  The acting is awful, the story is bad and the acting is worse than an actor can dream of.  I gave this film a 1 for every 5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that should have been given the benefit of the doubt. This was a waste of time and a waste the money it was made for. It wasn't worth the $9.00 rental price I had to pay for it and I'd like to see if they have it on DVD somewhere. The movie isn't worth renting even though I could have given it a rating of 0-5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand the story at all and I think it would have been much better if the acting was better. The story is completely predictable and is really very, very dull.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an OK film, but I didn't know much about it. I didn´t like the characters, they just didn´s not all that memorable. And I like the story, which is boring and stupid. It is a bad script and there are some great effects, but in the end I felt like there is nothing to recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watch a movie is if it stars Robert De Niro. De NIRO is one of the most underrated actors of the century. He's also a pretty good comedian, but I like him too much for the reasons outlined in this movie.  This movie was horrible. It's bad, and the acting is awful. I mean, the plot was predictable, the comedy is awful and the ending is just so predictable.  I mean Robert DeNiro has been in over 350 movies, but this was his worst movie. It would be an overstatement to say that this movie is one the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited to watch this movie and the only way to get into it was to watch it. I was glad to see the acting, the plot was very weak and the special effects were horrible. The only highlight was the music, which was good enough to keep my attention.  If you want to see a good movie this is a good pick, but if you want a good one don't see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie because it is so terrible. There is one redeeming quality about this movie: the music. It's boring, has bad acting, and is so utterly unbelievable that it made me want to slap my head with laughter. I was supposed to like it. I didn't, but I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are few films that are so completely terrible, it is painful. I can see why it is a bad film, but I can't say it is good. It is not that bad, the only good thing is the great acting. It makes me wonder how many people actually watch this rubbish film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like a movie with a lot of gore, nudity, sexual abuse, gore music, or just plain bad acting, watch "Death Wish" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I know? It's the worst film I've ever seen. I'd like to see how bad the acting was and the script was. I don't think I've seen anything bad at all. I just watched it because I was interested in it and thought that it was interesting, because I am a fan of Michael Keaton. It wasn't a good film, it was bad acting and a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was shot in the 60's, so I guess it should be classed as one of those 60's made films that was shot for the hell of it. I don't know, it just seemed to be a bad made film. It was not enjoyable at all, and it was very poorly directed, acted, and just plain boring. The director tried to make this a film that was fun to watch, and he ended up ruining the whole thing.   The plot was not very original, and the characters were not all that interesting to me, either.  All in all, if you are looking for a fun 60's slasher film, or anything else for that matter, go ahead and watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is nothing new. I read the book first.  But then the movie came along.  I thought, what is the story here? The book was a great idea, the movie was boring, the actors didn't really react, and the director tried to re-direct the book!  I was really let down by this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than a sad and boring film. The movie tells a story that is so bad it's funny. The acting is awful. The direction is bad. The cinematography is terrible. The songs are bad.  The movie has bad songs. It has no plot.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager in the mid-nineties, I was very impressed with the acting of the actors.  What I got from this film was a total lack of any real story, not even the director seemed to care.   I was waiting for something more to happen but what I got was, not a story, just a collection of random characters and situations that had nothing to do with the original plot.  The director obviously didn't care about the script as it went off the rails and got random elements thrown into it for the sake of it.  This movie was so bad I had to turn it off at times and was actually disgusted by it. It was just bad.  I had a friend who tried to watch the entire film and was amazed at how horrible the movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching a horror movie, this is not the movie for you. The only good thing about this movie was that the sound effects are OK, and that the characters are very stereotypical. The plot is very, very bad, and the acting is bad. If you are looking for a good horror movie with good special effects, this movie is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was very poor, the dialog was choppy and very choppy, the story is badly written, the characters are wooden, unsympathetic, and the direction is poor. There was no emotional impact to any of the characters' lives, and I'm sure there wasn't much to the plot, but I do admire the actors' performance in the role of an alcoholic father. The scene in the cemetery was a pathetic one. The characters' expressions of helplessness and anger towards each other were unsymbolical. The acting is so wooden I'm amazed.  I don't understand why I rated this a 3, I didn't expect much, and there was no real gore, I just didn't think it was very intense.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It is not funny at all and is extremely predictable.  It's unfortunate that this movie is one of those that was made in the 60's.  The movie was badly made, the story is not interesting and the script is poor.   If you're going to watch a movie that you want to see made, avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman in her early 30s falls in love with a younger man and starts a relationship with him. She is sexually harassed and becomes pregnant. Her story, told from the perspective of the younger man, is horrible. The younger man seems to have the upper hand and the woman doesn't even want to get to know him.  I don't want to give anything away, since I haven't seen this movie and am glad to have seen it.  This movie is really not good, at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing with the girl is that the movie was a lot better than I anticipated it would be, especially in the first ten minutes.  This movie is a bunch of crap that was bad and the story was weak.  The movie is bad and really really really does nothing special to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you might have expected from the trailer for this movie, I was expecting a cute, sexy, sexy romance, and all that. What I got was a boring, pointless movie. The acting was bad, the story was poor, the music was bad and I have to give up and give this a 1. I think the trailers are the only reason for people to see this movie.  The ending is bad, and there is not much suspense or excitement to be had here. The movie itself is like an afterthought.    So why do I give this movie a zero? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the feel of being made just for a Mardi Gras beads party. The movie started well and ended just as the beads were coming to an end. I am not sure how much I got out of this movie.  I really do not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you've seen The Last Picture, you'll know why. It's because that movie is all about the acting, directing, and editing. And they did it badly.  The only good part was the soundtrack, which was awful. The sound was horrible, the plot was weak, and I really couldn't care less about the movie.  This movie has a few good points. For example, the acting is pretty good, the director did a good job, and the editing was pretty good as well.  All in all, this movie isn't a great movie, but it is a very bad movie. It has bad acting, bad editing, and a bad soundtrack.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line for this film is that the Indian army has to come in and kill the terrorists who are hiding in the area around the temple, which is all very well and no bad at all. Well it doesn't take long before things turn bad. The hero is killed off and then his wife (Vipul Shah) is shot and killed. There is a long chase and finally the terrorists are caught. They all get sent to jail.  So now that we have the hero and the bad guys (the terrorists), we are back to normal with all the bad stuff that normally is in a Bollywood movie. We have all these extra bad guys, all the extras, the special effects, etc...but this film doesn't add anything special to the plot.  It is very dull, very fake, very predictable and very predictable. There are some interesting moments, but nothing special.  The ending is really really disappointing. The ending should have been different to the other 2 films. This is just not good enough to keep people from wasting time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read this review at one of the IMDb forums and thought I'd give it a shot. I watched it, and I was disappointed. It's bad, the acting is bad and the story is bad. The acting was bad, and the movie was bad. So I watched this movie and I think I was let down. I'd suggest people to stay away from this movie...unless you like watching a movie that has an ending that's better than this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had hoped to like this movie. I have to say it wasn't very good at all, but it didn't even come close to being that bad. The main thing that was good was the way the story lines were developed.  The movie seemed to be all about the fact that the main characters are all women with lives and lives of their own, and how their lives have been affected by the events that happen. It doesn't really seem to make any sense, or to be at all interesting. The movie is about a woman's life with a life of loneliness and a life that she didn't really have, and the main character's is a man with a real life and real problems.  I am a big fan of John Carpenter, and he plays a really bad part in this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen more movies than this.  The main reason for this film is that the story and the characters are so un-realistic. I don't think there is a single good point in this movie. It is like the movie industry has to resort to a lot of bad acting and slap stick comedy to make this movie work. The main character is so unsympathetic and un-confident that you don't even want to see the movie.  I recommend to stay away from this movie unless you like a movie that has a very low budget and a very fake plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a movie, it was very predictable and had very little action. I didn't get to see anything of the actors or their performances, I didn´t see any of the flashbacks, the plot lines or anything like that. The only thing that I saw in the entire movie was the one line of dialog that was really good, but after the movie I just couldn´t take my eyes away. The acting was terrible, the direction was boring and the sound was not very good. I gave this movie a 1 for the acting, I would only recommend this movie to people who want to watch a movie with bad acting, bad script, and bad sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an attempt at a sequel to "Patton", starring Steve Martin. This movie could not have been worse, had it not been for the "new" Steve Martin that I know and love. I think this movie was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a disappointment. The first 40 minutes of the movie are cute and the plot is interesting and the girls are cute, so you know it will be something. I was wrong.  The acting is terrible. It is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The plot is nothing more than a typical bad movie. It starts out cute and develops into a joke. There is no chemistry among the girls. There are no laughs. There isn't even a plot.  If you want a fun movie with a lot of laughs, I suggest watching:  1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of an alternative to 'The Great Santi' is never discussed, although it could have been a fine movie if the plot had been developed a bit more.  It was interesting how the two main characters played out their roles and made the plot into something totally different. The film was so uninteresting, even for a Bollywood film. It just came out of nowhere and was completely boring. The plot was boring and there wasn't any good acting. The only good thing about the film was the great soundtrack. It made me think 'Why did I spend the money on it?'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very impressed by the lack of reviews.  I'm really shocked that this movie didn't get a 10.   There are some good movies in the movie, so I will just give you a few of them.  Firstly I am impressed by this movie. The movie is so bad, that it is actually good.  The characters are all so unsympathetic that I don't even bother to rate them, or give them 1 star for the total.  If you like the idea of a movie that stars the two main characters and have a plot, don't watch this movie, otherwise it is not worth renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing I liked about this movie was the special effects. There was too much stuff going on. The plot is predictable and boring. The acting was poor, and the music was awful.  This movie was a major disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disaster waiting for the bus ride home.  The movie starts off interesting. But as the movie progressed, the plot became so unbelievable and the acting was so terrible.  This is not worth renting for the sake of watching an amusing, but not very entertaining movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In my opinion this movie has to be one of the worst movies ever. The only thing that saves this movie is the fact that it was made for TV. It was obviously a TV movie when the cast and crew were working on it, even though the DVD looks like it was done on a video game system.  The DVD contains a lot of very obvious plot holes, and the movie is just a waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out interesting, but as the movie goes on it becomes increasingly boring and lacks any sense of tension or excitement.  It was strange to see how the acting in this film was so bad, but I guess it could be the director's attempt at a serious masterpiece.  I guess I'll stick to reruns of the original cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very much a remake of the original, and the only thing that made it work was the special effects.  The film is extremely boring, has no real plot, no real point. The characters are extremely one dimensional.  This is possibly one of the worst films I've seen in the last few months.  I'm glad I spent money to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm not going to insult the movie by telling you how I feel about the movie.  I went to the movie on Friday and watched the beginning. I thought it was going to be a really good story, but it wasn't.  It was really stupid. It was boring. I mean, it was boring! The movie seemed to go no where. It just seemed to be trying to shock me.  What the hell was the point of the movie?  It felt like an episode of "Columbo" with the acting.  The acting was not great, but the movie was stupid. And I'm pretty sure it could have made a better movie if they had taken a lot more time to develop some suspense and not just had random scenes randomly thrown in.  Don't go to the movies expecting a great story, don't go expecting a nice, well thought up movie, but don't expect anything great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who works in a theatre, I saw "The Prodigy" at the 2002 Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival. I can't believe that they made such a terrible movie. The characters were cardboard, the plot was cardboard, and the film was a mess. This is one of those films that's so bad it's good. I saw it at about 2am on my local channel, and it made me want to hurl a plastic bag at the screen. I mean, how much more depressing and depressing can one person give you? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's a pity the director didn't take a leaf out of the classic 80's Sci-fi films that made him a big hit at the box office. I found myself thinking "How did I miss this?". The plot is a mix of the Star Trek series and The Incredible Strange Science Show. The acting is very bad and the sound is so grainy I was afraid for my speakers to kick on. The only thing that made it worth watching was the soundtrack. It was very disappointing.  The special effects are so bad I'm amazed. I could make a better movie than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been a big fan of John Rambo since I've seen The Dirty Harry series, but when I was given the choice of which to watch for the weekend, I chose The Dirty HARVARD.  I was very surprised at the low budget for the movie and the lack of special effects (I can't remember the last time I saw such a big budget movie and I found that it wasn't at all scary.) I really was hoping that the special effects would at least be there, but boy was I disappointed!  The movie starts with some nice action scenes, but it just doesn't live up to the promise. The script is very thin, with very few words and just not much of anything that really happens. And when the action comes, it just wasn't there. The movie just didn't deliver on all the expectations that I had for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a woman who marries a rich and very wealthy man and then marries again, so to speak, because she is ready to have children.  In this case, the rich man is a woman, and he has a lot of money. She wants his family to get rid of her. He wants his own life and wants to keep the family happy, so she marries him.   The film goes off in the middle, where the woman is a rich woman, not a poor woman, who doesn't even have a husband. The film has a bunch of characters and you don't really know who is going to end up happy or not happy. The actors are all very wooden, with no real feeling.  I give this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poor, unoriginal movie. If you want to watch a funny movie, watch the 60's version of "The Incredible Melting Man."  If you like stupid humor, go ahead, watch this movie. It is actually better than the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has two good things: 1. it shows how people are affected by the effects of chemical pollution and the effects can be fatal.  2. it also shows how science fiction and science fiction are the same thing, and that is why we are not seeing this movie.  The only positive things I can say about this movie are: 1) it shows that science fiction is very powerful; 2) it does not show the positive side of science fiction; and 3) it is not interesting to people who are not interested in science fiction, and this is a waste of money.  I would recommend watching this movie and giving it an F. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that this movie is really awful. It's like a movie made in the eighties. The actors have bad dialogs, they are not funny at all. There are not even funny jokes in the movie. It seems like a comedy version of the Godfather series. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of good humor in this movie. For one thing, I don't think it is supposed to be "The Real World" but the only thing that comes close to it is the fact that it is not supposed to take place in the real world at all! This is the first time that I have seen a television show that actually made me laugh. I saw this movie because of the actors. They were very annoying. The plot is terrible. And the fact is, the humor is not funny! This show is the worst comedy I have ever seen. I am a little surprised by the show's success in the last 5 years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this DVD based on the other movie "The Incredible Strange Film Show" which was quite good. I had hoped to see the two together because they were both so similar, yet it was not the same at all! I do not know why I did not watch this movie, and frankly I was scared.  I am not a big fan of science fiction, as I have seen many movies with much better acting, special effects, and a lot more suspense.  The main plot is that a space race is going to be fought in the skies over the Earth in the year 3000. A small fleet of UFOs are traveling at over 3000 mph, which I guess could be the result of an extremely strong magnetic field, or some other explanation, I really do not care.  As I watched the movie, the lead Martian looked like a poor man's version of "2001: A Space Odyssey".  The only thing that kept me from getting bored was the music.  This movie is a waste of good sound and a waste to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had heard about the movie by reading a few books about it.   Well, after reading the book, I was very excited to finally see the movie and I had to take a chance.  After the movie started, I had some bad thoughts.  What happened? The movie started out good, but after it got boring and the acting started getting worse, I started questioning my own eyes, but was shocked to see what I had watched all the way through.  The only really good thing was that it wasn't a horror movie, and I was not expecting a horror film.  I don't know what the director was thinking. The movie is not that scary, and the whole movie seemed to go on much too long.  This movie should be removed from the DVD collection. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say I was so tired of hearing the movie over the radio that I went to bed and fell asleep. This movie is absolutely terrible, it is not funny, it's not interesting, it does not have any story whatsoever. I can watch some music videos and still watch this movie. The acting is bad, the songs bad, and the movie is awful. I want my money back! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst films I've seen, and the only reason to watch it is to see the great acting talents of Gerard Depardieu and Jean Reno. Depard is a pretentious pretentious jerk, and Reno is a very bad, wooden man. Deparde is an extremely wooden and boring character, and he's one of those people who thinks that anything that isn't good will just disappear into thin air and magically disappear. Depardon the poor, sad souls who've had a really hard life in their small village.  Depard and Reno are the only two people in the entire film who have anything worth to say, and neither seem to have any acting ability. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say this movie is awful. I have seen it so far, but I really can't take my eyes off the screen. The entire movie is about a family that is battling drug problems. The main character is an old woman that has an annoying and mentally handicapped son. I mean seriously, who would have thought that a movie about drug abuse would be this stupid. It is not.  The movie was not even interesting and I think it might be the only movie that could make a good deal of money.  This movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of the movie are really interesting and it's kinda of like a mystery. Well, the movie gets boring and boring after that. The story is basically about a couple of guys who decide to join a secret underground society, so they have to go through all kinds of adventures to find out what's going on, but after they find out, they have no clue what's really going on. The movie has no suspense, no action, no everything. So basically, you are not really interested.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a few movies, and this one is the worst movie ever. I was expecting the great Christopher Meloni, but I am so glad I did not waste my time on this crap. The movie is nothing special, and it is nothing to get excited about. I think if you want to see a good movie, then watch this one. I don't know what the heck this movie was like when I was kid, but my memory of the movie is that it was boring and predictable, and I was disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when it was first released in 1990, it was in the early stages of it's production, and it was quite tame at the time. I don't think the script was good at all, and the script could have been much more powerful. I guess I would have to re-read the story to find out.  The movie has absolutely no plot, just a bunch of stuff thrown together randomly to fill in time. This movie is very boring, and I don;t know why I watched it. The only thing that kept me watching it was seeing some good actors in it, and that was the only thing worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen many, many movies with more than one plot. And, in most of those movies, the characters are unsympathetic and all-out bickering, with a weak plot, and all of the acting is bad, and the movie just follows along, uninspired.  I was looking for a movie with that kind of sentiment, and this is it. The movie was not even that bad. The plot was boring. The acting was bad. It looked like the actors were reading lines from a script. And the last few scenes were unneeded.   The whole movie seemed to have been done without any imagination. And I am not surprised by the great acting, but the lack of creativity in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with my 14 year old twin daughters. I was hoping something new. I came home and said to them "this is really bad" so they went to their room. And they said "yeah it was." So I went to bed. My twin sisters said "this isn't funny" so I turned to the TV and turned it off.  The plot was bad. It wasn't cute. The jokes were bad. The acting was bad...really bad. This was a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie for the hell of it's comedy value, as it had some good jokes and was funny. The movie is so bad I watched it after I saw it, and I still do. It's just not funny, but it's not really bad, so if you like people that are mentally ill you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of movies are made of a couple of kids talking about science. In this case, the two kids talking is a major distraction. They are talking about making a robot to go after an escaped space pirate, but they are talking and making fun of the pirates themselves. In the beginning of the movie, the pirate tells the kids that it will be "fun" to make a robot, which will be able to fight pirates. This movie does not even make up for this minor distraction. I watched it all, and I have to say that I really do not find it interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I'm not a big movie fan, so I watched this movie thinking that it would be a great cinematic masterpiece. Well, it's not. The movie is actually not too bad. The plot is bad and the acting is bad. But, it was just too bad that it failed on every level.  The movie starts off with a great plot, and goes no where. Then the movie turns into a chase for the main character, but he's not able to catch up to the bad guys, so the chase continues and gets all out of hand.  I don't know if it's supposed to be a romantic comedy, but the movie was just plain dull.  In the end the movie ends with no happy ending, and just no happy feeling. The ending is not bad at all, the ending could have been better if the chase had continued and a good ending could be had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the worst movie i have seen in my entire life. It was badly directed, the characters were unsympathetic, the plot was bad, and the acting was horrible.   i would have to say that i haven't seen a bad horror movie since "the killer in the cemetery" (which i am very happy with, because the only horror film i have ever seen was "the dead young virgin" - which was also very disturbing)   and i just watched this movie, i would not recommend this movie to anyone 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for an entertaining movie, rent the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was watching the movie for the third time, and my stomach was turned upside down... The last time I've seen the movie was at the New York International Film Festival, and I still can't understand how this movie could ever be made. It has to be the worst film I've ever seen.    The main story is about a doctor (Waldau) and his wife (Lahr) whose marriage vows were broken by a mutual friend, who was the ex-wife's friend in real life.  This movie has been out for a week, so I didn't even know it.  I just hope that the director never watches the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this movie is if you like seeing the worst movie ever.  The ending is completely predictable and the movie is boring.  This movie should be removed from IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who likes the genre, I found this movie an incredibly boring and unimaginative experience. I watched it for the pleasure of seeing the actors. They weren't bad, the direction was bad, and the writing was bad. There is nothing even close to entertaining. It is so bad it is good it is bad, if you like bad films, this is the one to avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to see this film, do so with your own eyes, then you'll know what you're doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking for a movie that was going to be about something different, and I was surprised at how utterly bad it was. The whole movie was badly directed and made up, and the ending left me with a renewed belief that Hollywood had completely lost its ability to tell a story.  If you liked The Godfather, you would like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to see a movie that's worse than "Basic Instinct," watch "Basic" Instinct 2: A Time To Kill." The only thing that made this worse was the music--it was way too intrusive and distracting. The soundtrack was so bad, you couldn't hear anything. I even turned my volume on full blast.  This movie has been reduced from an enjoyable, suspenseful, thriller-like thriller to a boring, boring, pretentious, and boring sequel. If you are hoping for something more, then see "Basic," with John Carradine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very, weak story about a group of girls who get to see their favorite singer, a girl who gets to see her childhood again.   The songs are very bad. I just can't believe how lame it is. The song is "Funny Girl" with some of the most annoying music I've ever heard. The other songs are "Let Yourself Go" and "St. Patty's Day."  I'm really surprised with how poor the movie is. It was not funny. The characters are not funny, they're not interesting.  I can't even believe this movie is still airing. This was so bad, that I couldn't stop laughing after I finished watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is that an ancient Egyptian curse turns a woman into a mummy and kills all those who come in contact with her in the afterlife. The movie is so terrible that I stopped the movie before it got to the good parts. The ending was the only good part of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the movie is so incredibly boring that it is good to watch. The only thing that is so terrible that I felt compelled to write a comment. It's so bad I'm surprised that the filmmakers allowed it to be so bad, that I wonder if the whole movie could be shot in 3 days, and still not have any effect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It seems to be written in such a naive manner that it is not even funny. The only thing funny about the movie is the lack of good jokes. Even the most banal of jokes fail to elicit laughs or interest from the viewer. The story is so utterly boring that it becomes a joke to others.  If you are desperate to laugh, do not waste your time on this movie. It is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge fan of all the anime flicks ever made. This one just does not live up to it's title. It's a bad, unwatchable mess. The characters are uninspired, and there's not a single redeeming feature in the whole movie. It is not a horror movie, and the acting is very, very bad. The story is so uninteresting and I cannot even come up with an adjective suitably descriptive to describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason to see this film is if you want to see a truly bad movie. If you are looking for a good laugh this will not be it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a film that offers nothing new, then you should see The Old Republic.  If this is the case, then The Old republic is a failure.   I'll start by saying that the first ten minutes of the movie were interesting, the plot was interesting and the characters were interesting.  The only thing that made the movie worthwhile was the acting.  Well I'd like to point out that the director had some good ideas and had the actors in a good mood.  Overall, the movie has nothing new.  It was an alright film but I could tell from the first few minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the first movie that has nothing to do with the legend of Godzilla. The story is about a scientist who is trying to get to the bottom of the monster-hiding a gigantic mutated, radioactive, green monster. The scientist discovers that his father has mutated the monster. He has to go and try to defeat this monster before it is too late! He comes up with some new-fangled gadgets, like the 'Taser' or 'Staser' to stun his victims, but he has no effect on this monster. It's a sad reminder of the 1990's, when giant monsters like the one from the beginning of the movie were all the rage and not a good time. I would love to see a more interesting version of this story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a cheap thrill. It is a waste of my time and a waste from the start. I could have done much better.   It's all just an excuse for a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really nothing to be proud of, but i will say, that there are few good movies in the history of the world, and this is one of them.   It is like watching a TV soap-opera. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the film about 5-10 minutes ago and it looked very interesting, but I am not even sure why. The story is so ridiculous and just plain boring that it was boring, the acting is bad, the plot is bad and the ending was not good. The movie has a few funny moments, but it is so over the top that I gave it a 1 just for the sake of completists. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that kept me watching was that the cast had a very low number of really good characters (i.e. the main characters are the usual stereotypes of horror fans, which is to be expected from any horror film, even a B movie like "Demons").  The movie just went from a creepy atmosphere, to a very dull plot, to plain boring (for those of you who love B movies, this is not it, and i'm not saying it's a good movie, but just plain boring).  I can't say i'm surprised by this movie.  It's very strange, and I like the idea of a "franchise" like this, but it's just not scary.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie extremely tedious. I thought it would be a great documentary but I was wrong. The movie is so bad that it was really awful that I actually gave up and I have seen the whole movie. The only thing that made me enjoy the movie was the music. The songs were really bad. The lyrics were bad.  The movie was actually made me hate the hell out of the actors. The acting was horrible. I wanted to take my video camera and put it on the floor and shoot it. I was just so sick of the bad acting. The director should really be ashamed of himself for letting this movie get made. The people who made this movie need to be ashamed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie with the feeling that I had just been there. I mean, it was so terrible.  And this is the movie that ruined it for me. I was watching it with my friends and the movie went no where.  This movie was horrible. It had no suspense, was very un-realistic, and it was boring.  The acting was horrible, the plot was boring, and the ending... well, I don't even want to spoil it.  If you want to watch a good movie, I guess this is a good start. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was really a poor movie. I mean, this is the only movie that was actually funny in the whole movie.  The story was bad, I mean it was so bad I actually gave up halfway through. The jokes were bad, the characters were boring, and it felt like I was watching a sitcom.  This movie is really nothing to waste. I think the only funny thing about this movie was "This movie sucks" so I gave it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have a high metabolism, this is the movie for you. If you want a good movie, watch The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just plain bad. It is an extremely dull film with a poor sound track, the camera movements are slow, there is no sense of story and everything is just filmed in the most unnatural and artificial way. I am baffled as to why this was made. There are some scenes that are okay but I don't care about those.  The cinematography is terrible and the camera work is not interesting.   I was looking forward to this film when I heard about it. I thought it would be great and it was not.  I am shocked that people actually made this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not very good at all. I was very bored, wondering why I was watching it. The ending was bad and I felt very cheated. I mean it was not a very good movie, just not very interesting and very boring. I give it 2/5, it was very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts very well, but there are a few interesting moments, and a good one at the beginning.  In the middle of the movie the acting is bad, and the story is predictable, and it is not good.   This movie is like claiming a really good movie, and I am glad I did not spend money on it, I was very impressed! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I was not too happy about watching the movie because of the lead performance of Rosalind Russell as a young woman who meets a girl in the train and falls in love for her. In the middle, the film gets boring and boring.  After the "romp", the film was too predictable and boring to watch. I was wondering if this is the kind of film that a director who is not able to make a good film will be able to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really disappointed with the movie, that it wasn't that bad. I can't believe that such talented young actors had such talent. I hope that this movie was the first big movie I ever saw with no real story line. I had to go and rent "Show People" and I was really surprised with the story line of "The Boy Next Door" I would have expected to watch from the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of the movie was bad, the other half was not. It is the latter half that I found interesting, but the first half is good.   What I have seen of the other movie is not good. The movie is an hour and a half long, which is the length of a movie.  The other movies, which were all very good, are all just boring.  My biggest problem with the movie is that it is not a thriller, but a crap movie. This movie is a waste of time and a waste.  I really hope I was not entertained by this movie. It really did not have anything to do with the story and was just the first movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are hoping for a fun watch of a film starring John Ritter, this movie is for you.  Ritter is a bad actor who has been very good in the past few years. His performance is not only bad, he is very very bad. He is so bad he cannot bring his career to an end.  This is not the only reason why this film is bad. I think the whole movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original film "Kon Tiki" was a huge hit. It was a bad adaptation of a Japanese folktale about the life of a samurai who seeks revenge against the Shimizu clan for their treachery during the Tokugawa era.  This version does not even have that much resemblance to the original, nor does it have any resemblance to what it is supposed to be. It is like a remake of "Shiranui" - an incredibly disappointing piece of work.  "Kono Kara Mai" is like "Shiro" with some of the original characters thrown in, and the result is a film that has all the characteristics of "Koriyama-san" (the original Japanese title) except the "samurai theme" and "samu-ryokai".  I was excited by the beginning, and I was scared by the last half. The characters are just pathetic. There is no development of their personality, nor of their motives, or of the life experiences of the characters beyond what the "Samurai" theme implies.  The plot is even worse. The only redeeming value of the film is that it is a bad translation of the popular legend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this was one of the worst movies ever made. The script is a bad mess and the acting is awful.  I think this movie is a waste of money. If you want to see a good movie watch "The Naked Gun" with Owen Wilson. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The writing was bad. I mean, the main character was the kid's dad. He was the main reason why the movie was so bad.  I mean c'mon. If you write a movie with this much unnecessary plot and character development, you really shouldn't expect that it will end well. It was like the movie itself was written by a 9-year-old.  In the end, there's not one memorable line. I just think the director ruined it for me.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a good concept, as it tries to make a statement about something very important. If you have been paying attention to the movie's reviews, you would have noticed. I have noticed, however, that people either love the movie, or hate it. In my opinion, both people are very, very wrong. The people who hated the movie are not the movie fans. The movie is simply a terrible movie. The main reason that I gave this movie a 7 was because I liked it very much. I will give this movie only a 2, however. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate that the "good" movie that it was made, was a parody of an actual movie, but was a very poor imitation of the movie "The Goon" (which I am not referring to the movie).  The movie is just not that funny.  The whole movie is very dull, boring and ridiculous. The actors are OK, and the movie is not worth watching at all.   The other two "good movie" I saw this morning, were okay. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, let me be clear that this movie was not the worst film I've ever seen, so I am not going to rehash what I've already written about it. The film is a horrible, badly acted and it's not funny, it's bad. The cast is not good, nor is the script. I am shocked by the fact that the main character, played by Joe Piscopo, can be portrayed by a woman of his own age (24) with an acting that is so bad, that you can't believe that it was written by some 14 year old kid who thinks that he can do anything he wants to do. This movie is a bad waste of time, money and effort, if you see it, don't waste any time looking for the movie that was made for you, the director will try to make you a deal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so bored I got up and decided to check out this film. The whole movie was really dumb, with really awful acting and a ridiculous plot. I couldn't believe it. The director should be embarrassed. The plot was terrible. The direction was bad, the camera work was bad and the editing was bad. I mean it was bad in a good way.  I just don't get how this movie was so popular after seeing it. It was really boring and a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited to see this movie at the TIFF Bell Lightbox festival in Toronto. It was billed as an 'adapted biography of a disgraced and disgraced doctor and the story is based on actual events. I was so disgusted and sick with this I took my leave of the screening. I went straight to the bathroom where I had taken a leak and fell sick. I had never heard of this movie before. The film made me sick. The ending of the film was just awful.  I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of an eccentric family who can only have two holidays a year is a typical one. The family are planning their own separate holiday which will include watching some music videos. The only problem is that there is a total lack of creativity and inspiration.  The songs are boring and uninspired. The music is bad. The acting is terrible. The directing is bad (and very unoriginal). I give this movie a 2 out of 10, because of the great song by the artist that they used for the cover of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in my hotel room and it was terrible. I don't know why I stayed. I had been looking forward to the movie and it ended with a big surprise.  The movie wasn't even funny. I mean, really.  This movie is so bad that it made me feel like I was watching a documentary.  If you like making movies, then this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has all the trappings of a typical "Gilligan's Island" or "Buddy buddy" type of movie.  There is absolutely no redeeming quality whatsoever.  The story is extremely thin and lacks any significant development.  A few of the plot holes are patched up with little more than a few holes ripped out of a magazine or the sports section of a sports magazine.   The plot is so poor it is difficult to figure out what is going on.  If you want to see a good movie, see the movie "Gigli" which actually had some interesting points. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is an old proverb in this movie that states that "If you keep an open mind, you will be successful". This movie reinforces that stereotype. If you keep your eyes open, and don't think of the world at all, you'll see a lot more miracles. I think I could have given this movie a zero rating if I didn't laugh at it myself. I just did, and I'll tell you why. It's because this movie is so predictable. If I had a good sense of humor, I would have laughed out loud at every second joke in the movie. I had to leave the movie halfway through, because I could not even finish it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the beginning of my time. I saw it on the Mplex channel and after 20 minutes I decided that it was just not that bad after all. The acting was terrible. The script was terrible and the acting was all over the place. It's not scary like the first Resident Evil film. It is not suspenseful, is not interesting and just plain dull. The only good parts of the movie was the ending.  The Mplex ending alone makes this a waste of 90 minutes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A pretty silly film. The acting is awful, the editing is bad, the plot is boring and the special effects are very cheap. And that's why it's terrible, and I mean really bad.  There are some really good shots of the Muppets in action. But this movie is so bad I wanted to see a Muppete cartoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was kind of disappointed with this movie. I thought it would be a good movie. It turns out to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is bad. The story is boring and just not interesting. The cinematography is bad, the camera is bad and the sound is awful. I think I've seen better movies in my life.  I think that this movie was just a waste of money. The movie is really really very badly directed and not interesting at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title implies, this movie is about a gay couple trying to find meaning in their lives through the medium of religious faith. It's a sad and pathetic picture. The only real meaning to the movie is the one scene where two people in a church are discussing the merits of the existence of God. The scene is a disgusting one.  The rest of the movie seems to have been filled with unnecessary gay jokes and revolting religious quotes. A few examples are:   1.    I'm a huge fan of this movie. I mean, I really am. I don't know if the people in the movie saw this movie when it was originally released.  2.  When the people of this church talk about the Creator's glory, I thought to myself, "What were they thinking?"   3.  And this movie was one of the worst movies I've seen.  I have no idea why I sat through this. I didn't laugh once. The ending is a major disappointment.  4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this was the worst movie I've ever seen. I watched it with a bunch of friends, and after 40 minutes, I just turned it off.  The story is not bad. The movie is not entertaining at all.  It is sad.  I was hoping for something better.  There is no good reason to watch this movie, or to watch any movie, at all, but I guess if you watch your self to death with this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a horrible film. I was watching it on a night off and I came across it and thought to myself, "If this film were a comedy I'd give it a 1. It was way too much for a comedy. It had very little comedy. I couldn't understand how they could have made such a film."  It was just a dull, lifeless mess. The whole movie is not funny. I mean, if I didn't laugh at the beginning of the movie I wouldn't even have seen the first laugh in the entire movie.  It just was not funny and I couldn;t believe the ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never been a big Ben Stiller fan, but I was so discouraged by his recent comments that I turned my nose up and tried to ignore them. It's a movie that's filled with a constant stream of uninteresting shots of Ben Stelly's chest, and Ben Stello's face. The story is weak and Ben stiller is not even interesting in a positive light, and the only real surprise is the presence of a well-known actress (Stelvyn Douglas) playing a very simple, naive woman, who is a bit more flamboyant and histrionic than Ben Stell. The characters are weak and the director is more or less unmotivated, and everything else is crap. The whole movie is just boring. The ending was just terrible, the director was so bored, and so dumb that he had a bad sense of his own identity, and this just made him worse.  If I could, I'd give this movie a 3 instead of the 1 or 2 it really deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the only film that I've seen in which I feel that I can honestly say that I wasted time watching this film. The script was absolutely non-existent, the camera work was so amateur, the editing was so grainy, the sound was so intrusive, and the whole idea of this film was a disappointment.  I've never seen such an awful film. This film was badly edited, the script was badly written, and what was that the director did with the time?  This film could have used some good editing techniques, but I don't think it was used properly.  It's very disappointing, really, to watch a movie with a title like "Stolen Kiss" and have the director spend the entire film in this kind of amateur-movie-like style is a big let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I had to see it. I found myself actually watching the movie. I was just dumb. The only thing that kept me watching was seeing how bad it was. The acting was horrible, the story was weak, the plot was weak. I really think the producer should have just shown a bad documentary on how bad this movie was. It's just a terrible movie, and I'm sure it was a very bad movie. If you are wondering how to find this movie, there are some movies that are so bad you cant even rent them. If that is the case, just avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A young American couple travels through time to a future where all humans have been wiped out and only those with a mutated sense of self-preservation survive.  They encounter a mutated super-killer, and the pair are stalked by the same super-killers who also want to kill them.  What follows is a series of absurd situations and a bizarre plot line. The first is a seemingly endless chase scene - they can't stop running, as there is nowhere to run.  The second is the final fight - the fight is pointless and pointless.  In the last half, the movie gets a little bit silly - there are some good gfx effects, but the plot is a load of boring.   This was a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this film is the casting of a couple of very talented people. They're supposed to be the "creative genius" of the story. They are, for the most part, good but the film doesn't make much sense. It makes you laugh so hard your health worsens, you're almost ready to puke.  It's not even a comedy.  The plot is really weak, the acting is bad, the direction is bad and the story is just bad.  Don't waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is nothing more than a poor rip off of a bad horror film. The whole movie is badly directed, poorly acted and the characters are uninspired. The script is poor, the characters uninspired and the result is a poor movie that lacks suspense and no real scares. It was a sad day for a bunch of kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the script is bad. And the plot is really dumb...  I watched it, and I'm astonished that I wasted my time...  The plot is a bit complex, and the performances are bad.  The movie is really boring, and there's no real story.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film was a simple one. The story was not original at all. It is just an exercise in bad directing. I have seen bad movies with bad actors, and this was no exception.    The plot of this movie was the predictable and extremely clichéd story of an old man wanting revenge for his childhood friend.  As a movie, this movie is nothing more than a failure. The director should have stopped watching after 20 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to start out with my comments, but I have seen bad movies that are more entertaining, but this one is the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie is so bad I gave it a 1/10. The story is about a serial killer, who is also a psychic. His victim is killed and his psychic powers cause him to kill again. The whole movie is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was so bad that I was really disappointed. I am not a big movie buff, but I was disappointed to see such a poor adaptation of a good movie. I had never seen the book, so I had no idea why it was so perfect. It did so masterfully what was so great in the book. It also made me hate the characters and think they were all snazzo's. The movie just made me love it and think "Wow! This is amazing! It works great as a movie." It also did not work as a short movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I was watching this I was getting bored. This is a pretty bad movie with bad acting and bad editing. It's really not that bad. There are a lot of boring scenes, like when the car is being parked, and not moving, and the movie is all over the place. It gets very repetitive and boring after a while.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was not just the fact that the actors were bad, the script was bad, and the directing was bad... it was the fact the whole movie was shot in a day and the result was just poor...   The acting was horrible, the plot was poor, and this movie was not funny.  If you are a real comedy, avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was one of those films where you just wonder if you made the right choice, and the movie was actually worth watching.  I really don't know what to say about it, it's like I don't remember anything about it except for a couple of brief scenes in the beginning. So, it looks like I watched it thinking I was actually watching the movie that I did back then (I was 22 then).  The movie is, if not for the acting, boring and nothing special. The special effects are OK, although there are some nice CGI, the rest of the movie is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad film. The script is terrible. The acting is awful. The camera is bad. The sound is awful bad.  I give this movie a score of one star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not easily entertained by comedies. The only funny thing I can think of is "Gee, I wonder why the hell I ever watched it, it is a disgrace to human intelligence" (which was the only one I have ever seen on IMDb). The other half is a collection of meaningless, uninteresting and clichéd jokes with no real message and an unbelievable lack of real jokes.  I have seen the movie about 1/3 times and even after 10 times I find myself laughing hysterically. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad and I would like to be able to say that I am not easily entertained. I think that I have fallen asleep in this movie. The acting is bad, the story is poor and the characters are all one-dimensional and the director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What this movie is, is a collection of horrible movies. It starts off good, and then goes downhill from there. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is horrible.  The story is lame and there are no characters.  It is an average horror movie that has a lot of gore, but nothing special.  What are the good points?  The gore is very fake.   The best scene in the movie is the one in the beginning where they are talking about the good things, but there is good gore, so good that I was scared to be shocked.  I have seen this movie at least 10 times, and that is still scary, but I don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me start by saying that I've watched a lot of bad TV shows and movies. I've seen a lot, but this is a bad one.  It was pretty boring and seemed to be mostly made for the hell of it. It seemed like a typical Twilight Zone episode, where the characters were all drawn in from the same mood and they were all acting like teenagers.  As for the acting, it wasn't bad at all, and I really thought the character development of the characters was terrible. It was so unrealistic and I could even predict what happened in the next scene.   As to the story, it was very tacked on and I had to think about it for a minute before I realized how bad it was. It's not worth my time to tell you.  I think that the acting was poor, the script was terrible, and the directing was poor. This was not a good movie, this was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was on a DVD last night with my wife and I and we were both bored out of our wits. We had a really crappy time, the plot was a piece of trash, and the ending was the absolute worst movie ever made. I am surprised that it didn't get a rating from IMDb, considering that this movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  If you liked "The Goonies", you will probably like "Shrek" even more, as I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with a bunch of friends and after 15 minutes it had enough.  The story was predictable, the acting was not that great, the movie wasn't that interesting at all and the ending was lame. The plot of this movie is a little too old. It just comes out of left field and just doesn't have that much meaning to say.  All in all, a poor excuse for a movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching bad horror films, then this film is for you. I found myself wanting to turn it off after half an hour, and I still do at times.  If your a horror movie fan, then I'm sorry to say that this film doesn't meet the standard.  The acting is bad, the sound is bad and the direction is very poor.   If this is what you're looking for, go for it.  I'm a horror fanatic, and this is the film for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie could have gotten so bad is if the writer and director were completely out of their mind.   I don't know why this movie is getting such rave reviews. It could be the result of the many drunk people who are running around to try and get their hands on this movie, or they could have just been caught on film by a good journalist and are now being persecuted by the media.  It's sad that it didn't make much of a movie, I mean, it's not every movie that isn't good.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, I just think you have to have a good sense of humor to appreciate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a crappy movie.  A lot of the scenes in this movie look like they are shot in the old 60's.  I think that the director should have left out the old people who saw the movie for some real reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book, and all I can say is that it was boring, had very little real life and I was very bored by the story. It was not funny, and I don't think I like the actors, but I was bored by this. I think this is the book I read. I mean, how could a story with such a boring story and be so engaging? I guess it just didn't capture my attention and interest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a film that deals with religion, it is best seen in the light of its title: "In God's name".  A real waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this movie, the main character, an old man with a terminal case of multiple myeloma, receives treatment for his cancer. During the course of his treatment, he gets his first severe case of leprosy.  I found myself watching this movie at the end just to see what it would look like.  After the movie was over, I called my friend, and we were both shocked that the film was so terrible. I was so shocked that I turned the DVD off after 40 minutes.  This movie is like the "Tyson" of the 90's, except with more humor and more respect for our health care providers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a reason why this film is called "The Return of the Living Boddhisatva." It has all the trappings of a Bollywood film, but somehow manages to make it look authentic. It is, after all, not a Hindi film. The script is a Hindi-origin one, with a bunch of sub-plots, and it is all in Hindi. The dialog is not Hindi. And the direction is all Hindi. I do not know why it made it to Sundance, or why it has taken a Pakistani director to make this film. There are, I think, some Bollywood actors who were supposed to have been part of it, but they had to make sure their names were in the right place. The plot, on the other hand, is too sappy. It has some really good ideas, and a fair amount of homoerotic scenes, which are either used to add some spice to the mix or used to exploit the audience. The film is too formulaic. It does not know what to do with its two main characters, and there is hardly anything to say about the story. The story is too predictable. The two leads do not have enough personalities to give them the necessary depth. The director just tries to get every last detail out of the two main leads, and the result is that the entire film falls flat. The cast, for their part, just fails to give any depth to the characters, instead, they are reduced to mere one-dimensional caricatures. The songs are also awful. There is one song in particular, "Gulam na naam naam", which is the song that plays at the beginning of the movie. I did not know it was the song when I heard it. The only thing that is good in this film are some decent acting performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just a waste of time and it was just awful. The ending was so bad that I wanted to see it again. The acting was so terrible, the direction was so poor, and the plot was such a stalker's dream. The only thing that kept me watching this movie was the nice music. It was not scary, and not good at all.  The ending and the ending alone should have been enough to make me turn the DVD off. I would recommend not even bother to watch this movie, it is just so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was very very very boring. The beginning of the movie is boring and seems to be about a friend who is going to a funeral. He gets his dream and is told that he can choose to live or die, and he chooses to live. This movie could have been so much better. I mean this is the sort of movie that is supposed to be a "dark comedy", but is actually a piece of garbage that is more of a "comedy" than a "real comedy".  This is the only movie that I could watch. I gave it a 3.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A typical, and extremely over-scripted movie. It was so bad that the director, having seen such a bad script, couldn't decide whether to keep it as a documentary or a film.  I don't know if this film is a masterpiece of some kind, but it was so awful. It would be great if it wasn't for the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is very strange. A man's wife dies in the hospital and he tries to figure out how she got there and the hospital staff and the nurses and a doctor all figure out that he has a terminal illness. This movie is extremely long. I watched it last night and it went straight to sleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate when someone like this, who made a great movie about the Boston Red Sox wins the world series, comes out of retirement to make another movie about one of the greatest baseball events of the last 50 years.  This movie is like "Wargames" except it is filled with horrible dialogue, amateur acting, and no good directing.  The plot is very lame and the jokes are not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. I found myself thinking of the acting from the beginning. If I would have known this movie, it would have been awful. It's nothing more than a joke.  The script is so bad I almost puked. The story is bad. I mean, it's bad. The plot is bad, the humor is bad and the movie is really, really bad.  I just finished watching this movie. It is truly, horrible.  If you want a funny movie, see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely awful. I found myself getting bored, I was so bored, that i wanted to watch the end and not the beginning of the movie, and I wanted to see a funny, but stupid movie.  The first hour or so of the film was interesting, I wanted it to be a funny movie, i wanted a good plot, but i didn't get it.   The second hour was a lot better, i got bored and wanted something to come up with, but there wasn't anything funny at all.  This made me laugh twice in the entire movie, it was like it was trying to tell a story with bad acting and it failed miserably.  Overall this movie was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that was bad. The acting is bad and the story is terrible.  It's not even bad as the story may be. The main problem is the director, the actors, the script, and the direction.   I've seen some good movies but this is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The only good thing about this movie is the good acting by the main actors and some good directing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I have said many times, I don't believe I have to make this movie, I'm just letting the audience down.  My rating: 0/10 (out of 5)   My thoughts: This movie is so bad that it's really a big disappointment. I was really looking forward to this movie at the end and I'm glad I didn't pay for it.  I really hope this movie doesn't cost more than $6,000 to make, because then I would be really surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three of the movie (the story, characters, and special effects) were okay. It was a good idea, and the actors and director pulled it off. The movie started well, and it was fun to watch. Then the movie got worse. It's just not funny and the characters were all one dimensional.  The movie didn't go for three hours and didn't make up the whole thing until the last half hour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is extremely boring. No character development, little character development. I don't even know what is going on. The direction is poor, the script is bad, the editing is bad. The cinematography is bad (the whole movie looked like a video camera). The script, in addition to being the worst script ever made, is bad enough to make a great, terrible movie.  If you want to see a good movie with good cinematography, good script, good acting and great cinematography this is the right movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was pretty obvious when the movie started and after a couple of minutes i started to get really annoyed by the story line and thought "why did i waste my time watching this movie?" Well, i didn't waste any more, i just stopped watching and i still haven't got the urge to watch the movie...  In conclusion, this movie was a waste of 92 minutes and a waste. I don't know if this movie got released in theaters, it was probably not that exciting to people who don't like movies that are not made by professionals. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst films I've seen. The story is a bad one and it's not funny. The only thing that saves this movie is if you like seeing animals getting tortured, tortured, and killed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely disappointing and extremely bad film. I found it very disappointing that it was actually better than the last two films in this franchise. I was very disappointed in this one. The script was so poor, and it was so tacked together in a way that makes it a real waste of time. It also feels like a real slap in the face to the hard working actors who actually spent the time to make the film. The actors did nothing real for the movie. The direction is awful. It feels like the director is trying to make an OK horror film, and is trying really hard to make it great. It's just a waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "The Last Picture" was very predictable. The whole movie was about a group of people getting together for a picnic, and of course there are lots of complications that come up along the way.   In this movie there are too many things happening, and they don't really explain why they're happening. They just happen in the background, without any real reason, and that's the only thing that made me like it.  It also doesn't help that the ending was very fake. It was very disappointing, and it just made the whole movie too weak.  The whole plot of the movie, and the characters in the movie are all unsympathetic.  There is no real reason for the movie to be a waste of time, and there's no real sense of any kind of message or message whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad horror movie, with bad gore, and the most important thing is, that it was made for a reason. The acting is bad, and some scenes are funny, but it is not funny. The plot is completely incomprehensible and pointless, the acting is very bad, the special effects are not good. The only good thing is the sound track. It is badly put together, and it is just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like a good movie, but this one is good. I don't know if I will recommend this movie to my children. I just hope that the director gets some good pictures of the real world so we can have some fun.  I think that the movie is very fake, very artificial and very stupid.  There are some good acting, some nice pictures and some good actors, and the movie works well for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst film I have ever seen. The acting is awful. The plot is poor. I mean come on. I saw the movie at 3:50 on TCM. The entire movie looked like I saw it yesterday afternoon at 3pm. The sound was terrible. The script is terrible. I think I've seen the worst movie in history, the only thing that was good was the plot. And I don't know how the movie got to be such a massive waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen all of the bad horror flicks, but this one was awful. This was a waste of time. I have no idea how this movie became so popular.   I will tell you, this movie is bad. It has horrible dialog, bad acting, bad camera work, terrible editing and just bad editing.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone, I can only hope that someone with a sense of humor can enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Ramones fan, so I had to see this movie! I was watching it on TCM, so it was probably the worst film ever made. It was bad, the movie was just bad.  I mean, it wasn't just the story. The actors were bad, and the movie just looked bad, it was bad. I mean how do you watch the movie? The film is just horrible.  The songs were awful, and so was the acting.  This movie is a real waste of money. It's so bad that it's good. I really hope that Ramones fans can stop the movie, and then maybe they can be a little happier with their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed by this movie. The acting was awful. The script was bad. The camera work was poor. The sound was poor as well. The writing was horrible. The plot was poor at best.  I have seen a lot of bad movies and I have never seen a movie this bad before. This was the last movie I saw with my family that had been watching movies since we got home from work. The movie had nothing good to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. It has a plot that is so unclear and incoherent, it is bad. The script is so bad that I almost fell asleep. The cinematography is bad, and the sound is terrible. The direction is so poor that I nearly fell asleep, and then got up to get another drink. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very disappointing, I can't understand why I spent time with this. I think it was because the acting was awful, it was horrible, and there wasn't anything entertaining. It was like the film was an hour long, and that is a pity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out and I just saw it again, so I don't know how I feel about it anymore.  I don;t think I would recommend this movie to anyone, even if you are a parent, because you would probably be scarred mentally by the acting.  My advice is to stay away from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a screening with my kids and was horrified. I had to leave the theater because of the horrible acting, awful music, and the absolutely awful direction. The only joy was that it wasn't as bad as I had imagined. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is bad and the direction is poor. I can't believe how bad this movie is getting. The plot is terrible.  The only highlight is the music score. It sounds like a low grade homework assignment for a film students. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to see a movie with a plot and have a minimum of intellect (which I don't), then this movie is for you.  I have watched it 4 times, and I know for a fact, I have seen it on every day, and every movie I have ever seen it in.  The script is poor. The acting is horrible. The direction is amateur at best, the jokes are terrible. The characters are all caricatures of some of the worst movies I have EVER seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what's wrong with this film. It's not that bad actors and actresses can't act; it's that they're so unbelievably underused that they can't bring any depth to their roles.  The characters in this film are so cardboard and cardboard that they really cannot act, and the actors and the director cannot find any depth or sincerity to them.  This movie is about a bunch of bad actors trying to act.   This film is so terrible that it's actually funny. I don'T know why I laugh, even when I think I'm supposed to be sad or angry, or at the very least I'm trying to laugh.  But this movie is so bad that I'm compelled to write another review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a lot of bad horror movies in my time, but this one was awful. The sound is terrible. The acting is bad. The plot is stupid. The special effects are laughable. The camera work is bad and the sound is bad, too.  The only good thing about this movie is the good cinematography. I can't even watch this without laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to say that this is the worst movie i have seen. It has been a few years since i have watched this movie, and the last time i saw it was the first time i ever saw such a bad script. So i watched it and I was amazed. The whole movie was a waste of my time, the story was weak and the acting was bad. So my conclusion is that this movie is not good, because it really is not. It is not even good enough for a 2,3 rating, i would have given it a 1/10, or maybe a 1.50. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a really bad movie! This movie is a piece of garbage and should never have been made, ever! If you see this movie on the TV, don't waste your time on it!  The acting is bad, the story is really bad and the jokes are bad! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad i could see why it was so low budget and i have to say that i didn't really care for it much. I had to fast forward and fast forward through some of the more exciting scenes and the story was not that exciting.  It also lacked the emotional intensity that makes movies like "Wargames" and "Troll 2" so emotional.  The acting was terrible, the acting was very wooden and the characters were all un-sympathetic and I don't think I've ever been as disappointed as I was in this movie. The plot was slow and the ending was all anticlimactic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on cable last night, and I was stunned. The premise was ridiculous and had no real logic. It was like a slap in the face to me and it was painful. The acting was horrible. The story was so thin and was not realistic. It seemed to be the type of movie that was made to be watched in a night, the director should never be allowed to be on another movie, and the actors should not be allowed on another project. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a nice little chase sequence in the woods and the cops are not shown and it goes on for a while, until it gets boring and gets predictable. The chase is not exciting, and the chase scenes don't make up for it.  The chase in this movie isn't shown because it is just too boring to have it in this picture. It just ends the chase in a weird way that I don't think you will get. I think you would have to see the movie to find out.  This movie isn`t that bad, it`s very bad. I really think the movie was a bad waste of my time and I really hope the movie doesn`t get any worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason to watch this movie is if you are a big time fan of the guy who directed the film, which would be a good enough excuse.  This is an absolute mess. The story is weak, the ending is weak and the movie is all out bad. It is like a piece of turd in a punchbowl.  There are too many sub-plots, all of them are sub-plot.  The movie was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a few of "The Last Wave" but I didn't like this film. It is about a bunch of teens on a trip to Thailand and it ends up in a huge disaster. The characters aren't really any interesting and the acting is bad. The plot is completely non-existant, the acting isn't even bad. This is a bad film, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had the makings of being one of the great modern thrillers of all time. But it wasn't. The story itself was boring. The characters were wooden and the ending was so predictable and one-sided.  The ending made me sick. I was so angry I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. I kept thinking "Did they have to have that?" Did they want me to believe that the ending and the whole movie was going to make this movie a masterpiece?  The whole movie is about a group of losers who were defeated by the same guy that defeated them in the first movie.  There was a lot of unnecessary drama and gore, but this movie was just so un-funny.  I'll say the ending did not have the same effect as the first one, but I did like how they made it look. The ending was a real let down, but the movie still wasn't good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a couple of lonely souls who decide to visit a small town in the middle of the woods. They get lost in the woods, and decide to go and find help, but instead they find a bunch of creepy people. The movie isn't even scary, and the ending doesn't make much sense. It is really boring. I think it is more interesting to watch the people walk around the woods and get attacked by the evil creature.  This movie is a waste of money, because the movie isn'nt scary, but it isn't interesting, and it is the worst movie i have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as a young girl and was horrified. I thought it was so boring and stupid that I stopped watching it after about 20 minutes.   I thought the ending was stupid. The ending is so bad that it was not the best part of the movie.  The movie is not even funny. It is really really awful. The plot is not interesting.  This movie really deserves 1 star out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie.  It is very very poorly directed, very badly acted, and very very dull.  This film is probably one of the worst films I have ever seen. It is bad in parts.   The movie is very bad.  If you watch it with your buddies, or you are like me and hate every other film that is bad, or like watching a movie that has the same plot as this, then you will probably hate this movie. The story is very strange, and the acting is bad. The special effects are very fake.  Please do not waste your time with this movie, you will be sorry in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film starts out at a new low, and when I start to watch it I feel like the film is just a rehash of the same tired themes and cliches that are recycled in other films.  This is an action film with too many unnecessary scenes and a poor script. The plot is a rehashed version of a tired story that seems to have been set to attract female audiences, but in the end is nothing new.  The characters are weak, and the acting is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a reason to be for this movie. I was really looking forward to the movie and was really hoping it was going to be good but I was not let down. It was terrible. I mean I thought I was going into a horror film.  It is just that the first thing that comes to mind after seeing this movie is 'Why on earth did I waste my time watching this movie?' It wasn't the 'horror' you were expecting it to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that the entire concept is bad enough. I would like to see a movie about a killer with an agenda to kill as many people as possible.  I don't think that the director is a great actor, but I do think that he could have pulled off a great performance with out a poor script.  If you have any sense of humor at all don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was absolutely horrible. The cinematography was terrible, the sound was horrible, and the script was bad. It is not funny, the story was bad, the acting was bad and the cinematography is really bad. I really think I will be asking myself why I was mad at this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an awful movie. It's about a cop, a cop who is an ex hood, and his friend, and the two of them who try to protect their cop friend by doing dirty things to him.  The plot has a few interesting points. The acting is the most wooden I've ever seen from a movie. The plot is the worst I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started well. I don't know why I was expecting such a masterpiece. I saw the first half, and I thought "oh boy, the movie got boring." The movie did. The acting is poor, the directing is terrible. The movie is dull, dull, and stupid. It is not good at all.  The story is stupid, the jokes are bad, the action is bad, and the whole movie is a waste of time.  If you enjoy the movie, please don't waste your time. It will ruin the fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like watching old movies but this movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. It's a mess of old films. It was made in 1994 when this was made. It has all the trappings of a horror film: sound, music, lighting, camera angles. And I know it has to be horror because the horror is so bad, and the film is a waste of time. This movie is an insult to the viewer. It is boring, tacky, and amateur.  The acting is bad and the script is a pathetic one-joke-per-dozen-times. I mean, come on! The actors talk with no passion, the script has no coherency, and just a bunch of leftover crumby, cardboard cutout work.  I mean... come on... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this movie I found myself really bored, and the script was awful.   I mean, the main thing I remember about this movie is the opening credits, and that's about all I have to say. The rest is bad.  I really wanted to like this movie, and I still don't.  If you are interested in watching a bad horror movie, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you see this movie, don't watch it. The acting, the editing, it is horrible. I saw it with my girlfriend, and she could hardly take her eyes away from the screen. The camera, the sound, everything is amateur. The script is bad, the acting is bad and the sound is terrible. The worst part is the sound track. I was sitting there, wondering how bad it was. I wanted to stop watching and get up to my car to get some popcorn.  If the movie was good, it would have been 10/10. I would have given it a 1, and a 1 would have taken the cake for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was just horrible, and i don't understand why people hated it so much.  It looked like a bad remake of "The Exorcist"   The whole movie was boring. There was not one funny scene, and the characters were very wooden and dull.  This movie is not even a parody of "Exorcist", because it's nothing original. It's nothing special.  If you like horror films, or even a good horror film, this is not one to rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a typical Hollywood story, typical of many low budget movies. The story is predictable, the characters are so one dimensional that you are not able to differentiate between the bad guys and the bad girls. The main story of the movie is boring, the story is non-existant and the movie could have been a great film.  This movie is not worth watching even though there are some good points. It is not a great movie, the actors are not good at all and the plot is not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit, but it was a bad, disappointing film. The acting was poor. The direction was bad. The story was bad, the script was bad and the directing was bad... It just didn't come together at the end, it was just plain bad.  I don't know what the director was trying to do, but I'm glad he did. The ending really wasn't realistic and I don;t know what they were trying to portray, I just don't get it.  All in all I don"t know how it was, and I think I have some theories to try and figure out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a poor, poor movie.  The story is stupid. I've watched this movie a lot since I was about 7 years old, and still I can't take my eyes off me.  What I can do is laugh at how lame the movie is. The movie is very weak, the plot is very stupid, the acting is bad, and the jokes are bad.  This is the movie that got me hooked on bad, bad movies, and that's why I stopped watching them.  I think I would be more than happy with a movie that would make me laugh at stupid movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone else said, I really don't see why this movie is so incredibly bad. The only reason I give this movie a rating is because the director was awful. The plot is...really, really stupid. The characters...are...dreadful. And the acting...really...bad.  So...the movie is bad, and the acting is bad. Really, really bad.  I really could care less about this movie. The ending was really, really lame, and I don't recommend this movie to anyone, unless you really enjoy watching garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many films that are not bad, but "Death Wish" is not one of them. The story is not bad. The plot is a bad idea and it's very predictable and very boring. The characters are all very one dimensional and the movie is nothing more than an hour long chase.  There's also no character development, nor a plot of any sort, which is why it's not a "film." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the original and I like it, but the original version of the film was a disaster. The story was so weak and the characters and the story so uninspired and unbelievable that I gave the movie a rating of 2 out of 10. The original version was much better and much more entertaining.  I rated this film at the lowest rating because the rating was very generous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad shame that this film isn't in the Top 250 Films of all time. I saw it on a very small scale and it really made me sick. The script is so bad, the performances are so bad that I have to write a few lines just to describe what I saw, but in no way can I describe the sheer awfulness of the film, or how the actors could act with such a bad script.  The film is so awful, that I wanted to fast forward through it and see how bad the situation was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say that I didn't think I'd ever seen such a terrible movie in my life! It was bad, it was corny, the acting was bad and the ending was bad! I gave this movie the lowest rating of "3 out of 10".   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I thought after watching this film was that the only good thing is seeing an Elvis actor in a good movie. However, that's not the case! This is one of those movies that doesn't really make much sense. The only good things about this movie are the first 15 minutes. I really think I'll go to the DVD menu and turn off "Stairway to the Moon" and "The Incredible Strange Fruits". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen bad movies before, and have made them. I'm never really had to go to a movie to see a bad film, but this one will leave you with no other movie that bad since the entire plot is based on one line from the movie: "I'm gonna get a big one"   It was a stupid movie, and not really worth a watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've seen. I saw it at midnight on cable TV, and I have a feeling that I could have taken a much better prank. I mean, I can't see why it was so bad. It had good sound, and the music was okay, but the acting was bad. The story was bad, and there was no real good story line. The cinematography was awful. The special effects was bad (the horses were so fake, you could actually see the horses and their actors move the camera around to look at them.) And the plot was sooooooo predictable. I didn't even bother to look away once, and it only took one or two scenes before I completely lost interest.  Oh, well, maybe I will watch a few more episodes of this crap... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I don't understand is why they took such a big step when they made this movie?  I'm going to guess this movie had some good stuff to say about it but when they added a few characters it seemed to me like a whole new movie.  I can see why the movie went for a couple of months after it came out, I think it had a couple good people in it and wanted to get the word out.  It's also very sad that this movie was so poor because the whole movie made the same plot. I mean how can they expect us to believe this?  But then again, I'm a kid and i watch all the movies I see so I can say I hate a bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy watching the worst horror films and/or horror films, this is the movie for you. I saw this movie in the early '90's when it was still popular and it wasn't a terrible film. I would suggest avoiding this one at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In my opinion this movie is about as bad as a Disney movie, if that is. The plot was so weak, I had to turn it off once, because I was really annoyed at it. I mean, come on, what were they thinking? How could they possibly think that this movie was going to win any awards, or even a score for a movie in the 70's? The plot is basically one of those old "B-movie" films you can rent on cable. The "plot" is completely unbelievable and there are about 10-15 minutes of characters doing completely stupid things that just make you want to shut off the movie. I don't think that is a "movie" that you would even want to waste time on.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, but I don`t know if I could recommend it to a friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts off in a bar, and I had to leave to get some air. The acting is poor, the plot is weak and the direction is amateur at best. The movie is a pathetic mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is about a female detective and her father, played by Edmond O'Conner, who is obsessed with his daughter's diary, and who becomes convinced that he's the murderer who murdered his daughter. The movie is really just about O'Connell's character, Edmond, being the one who is going to be tortured to death in the very next scene, and it's supposed to be this woman's father who's going to bear the brunt of it.   The plot is really weak, the script is poor, the direction is amateurish, and the actors are all bad, but the worst of all is the story itself. It's so bad, that it's embarrassing, really, but not for the plot or for the performances of Edmond and all the other actors. It could be that the director didn't think he was clever enough to realize that this movie is a really bad movie.  The story is about Edmond being dragged to his death by his father's obsession of his daughter, and his subsequent attempts to rescue her. He is rescued by the police who believe him to be the real killer, and decide not to investigate the situation further, but decide to investigate him anyway. It becomes a case of mistaken identity, and Edmond is blamed for the death of his wife and daughter, but blames himself and goes on a killing spree.  O' Conner's character is really pathetic. It just doesn't make much sense, because it is so boring. The way he tries to portray Edmond's character as a totally crazy person is really a stilted thing. There's no character development, and he has no personality. The director really is playing with the audience's expectations, and there's really nothing new to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm gonna give this movie a 2 out of 10 because I have no idea how it ranks a rating of 10. The story is really dumb and the ending is really bad, but the movie really sucks. It's the kind of movie you can see coming together and it's not scary, you can just see the characters doing stupid things and they don't even act. I mean the movie's good but that's about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie for the hell of it. I've seen more of horror movies than this and this one ranks right up there. It's not even really good but for some reason I did give it a 1 instead of the 2 or 3 it so richly deserved.  If you like movies that are made with the intention of making a great horror film, this movie will disappoint you. It is bad acting, bad direction, bad sound effects, and worse everything else.  I'm glad I sat through this movie, because it is nothing to be proud of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't understand how this movie was. The main plot was the love story between the main characters. They are supposed to have been killed by a car. That would have been an interesting and interesting movie. The movie just drags along. I mean it was interesting, but if you were actually interested in the main plot then you might have an idea. The whole movie is nothing more than a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really really bad. It is a poorly made movie with some good acting and some good special effects, it is really bad and has a lot of sub-plots and a very few funny lines. The movie is not funny and is not interesting at all. I am really amazed how such a poor movie could get a DVD release. I really appreciate the time and effort to make this movie, it looks like the people involved should have a good laugh.  I give this movie a 1 out of 10, I will give it a 1 for DVD release and a 1.5 out of 5 for TV release. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As far as this movie goes, it's nothing short of terrible. The story is predictable, and the acting is poor. I was watching it with a friend and it was so painful, it was painful to watch.  It's a big waste of time and could've been a lot better if they'd stayed with the first part of the movie and cut to scenes with the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a big disappointment for me. I mean, if you are going to waste your time watching this movie, do so with a friend and have fun. Otherwise, I would recommend you to stay home and watch something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few comedies that were good when first released, but this is it. The only funny comedies I've seen that were this bad were the 'Mork and Mindy' movies, the 'Kramer Vs. Kramer' movies or the 'A Night At Bernie's' movies.  This movie is really bad. I would not recommend it to anybody who hasn't seen the other bad comedies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a psychologist. I am an idiot. I watch a lot of bad movies. The only good is that I am one of those "B" movies. I have never seen a movie that is that bad, that was really entertaining and had a plot like that. It had some good entertainment value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big pile of fetishes. I mean fetishes, right? Well, this movie is just fetishes...really fetishes and a waste of my time. This movie was so bad I turned my computer off after the first hour. It had to have been a good movie. I was watching it for 90 minutes before turning it off. I guess it's good that way.  The movie is nothing more than a big collection of fetish jokes.  I mean really, when did fetishes ever exist?   I would suggest skipping this movie...unless you want to waste 90 minutes of your life...and if you have nothing better to do do than waste 90 minute watching this film...maybe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of bad acting and I am going to start out by saying that this film has all the clichés of those other films. The only thing I liked about it was that there was too much of the background music and there was no story. This is a film that tries to make a point of something special or something, but in the end just ends up trying to make something that was all together mediocre.  There are two good points. First of all, I would love to see the acting in this movie better than in the first two films. Second, I found myself disliking some of the other actors in the film. In this film, the main characters are supposed to be so dumb, they are so emotionally manipulative that it is hard to care for them. This movie seems to have no story and is just a big waste of time.  I would have given this movie a rating of 0.5/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story has to be one of the worst movies ever. If you have ever seen a comedy skit on late night TV, you will see the humor of this movie. If this movie was anything other than a joke, I would give it a rating of zero.  I would recommend you not watch this movie, even if you think you have a good sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you see this movie, be advised. The acting is awful, the story is not original, and the movie is an absolute joke.  If I could, I would be glad to see this waste of time and effort.  I found this movie very boring, and very predictable. I mean, I could not wait to see something so bad.  This movie is not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script of this movie is bad, the script is not interesting.  It is so bad that I had to write a comment to give it some points of view.  The story is weak, and the characters are not even remotely interesting. In conclusion, this movie was not even worth watching in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to write an absolute review on this movie. It was bad enough to get a PG rating and a 3 out of 10, but it didn't deserve a 1 out of 5, but was much worse than the average "bad movie" I've seen. The only reason to watch this movie is to see a good movie, because there is a good scene where all the girls in the theater are topless and the movie is good, but the acting is really terrible.  The story is about a girl (played by Aimee Swaim) who is secretly in love with a mysterious boy (played in his underwear by Brian White). When she discovers that he is cheating on her, she goes to the police to investigate, and finds out that he has done some shady things in the past, but she doesn't care about them anymore. She just wants to be in his bed with him.  Then the movie gets more complicated and goes a lot of different directions and gets more confusing, because you have no idea where this movie has gone.  I don't think this movie was worth watching, it has a good plot, and there is very little nudity in the movie.  If you liked this movie, don't watch it expecting a good story, because the movie will just disappoint you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off promisingly and goes on to be a dull and disappointing waste of time.  The acting is dire, the story is dull and it is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with my friends, and we were all very bored and disgusted. It was so bad that I gave it the highest rating of 1 star. The acting was bad, and there was absolutely nothing to like about it. The special effects were laughable and not believable. The story was boring.  It could have been so much better. The production values were way too low. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's nothing new to say about this movie. The first 10 minutes were interesting, with some more talking about the lead characters and their motivations, and it had good comedic moments. The rest is boring.  This movie tries to be serious in it's humor, and fails miserably.  I'll give it a 3 because of the 2-D-G-F-X-N-H-I-X plot and the very, very bad acting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was terrible. It is a parody of "The Great Santini"   There was too much violence, too much sexual scenes. The acting was terrible and was all the better for the whole movie.  I saw "Raja Babu" twice. I think "Raj Babu II" is more violent and gory than "The Grand Masti".  This movie is not a joke.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot is bad. The acting is awful. The story is terrible. The special effects are bad.  This movie could have been so much better if I would have spent the time to realize how poor I was. I don't understand how people can enjoy watching this movie.  I give this movie a 1/10 because of how bad the movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I gave this movie a 7/10 is because it stars an actor named Timothy Hutton. Hutton is like the guy who plays "Bobby" in the television show "My Favorite Martian", except that Hutton's "My Super Ex Girlfriend" is better.  I really do hope that the show "Super Ex Girlfight" is canceled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read the book "The Rise of Dr. Fu Manchu" and I thought it was interesting. So I decided to watch it.  It was so bad I was shocked that I stopped watching the whole thing.   The acting was bad, the story was lame, the acting was horrible. The story was bad. The plot was bad and it was bad that I couldn't stop laughing. The acting is horrible. I stopped laughing after 40 minutes because I wanted to get my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor and the plot is not realistic and a waste of time, it's a complete bore.  The story is very bad, there is no real suspense, I mean real intense and just plain boring.   There are no decent actors and the actors are not really good at all, the movie is very badly directed and directed in a way that I could not believe how poor and terrible this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of this movie is a very weak attempt at an emotional high school-marm that can never hope to win the hearts of the viewers.  The film is filled with terrible dialogue and boring characters, and it's obvious that it has a very low budget to work with.  I was disappointed with the plot line. The characters are so irritating that you actually start to laugh at them.  What's worse is the acting.  As I watched this movie I was angry. The character acting was bad, and the movie is boring.  This is one of the worst movies I have seen in the last few months. It is embarrassing to waste my time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I am a big Adam Sandler fan, and I have to confess that I'm a fan of his work as well.  So, I decided to watch this movie with my wife, who had really not seen anything, and we had a very good time watching this. It was not horrible, not at all, and the comedy was not as bad as it could have been. I was actually laughing at the beginning part. The story was stupid, and it had some pretty good moments.  Sandler is supposed to be a great comedian. I don't know why I don"t like him. Maybe it's because his movies aren't great. And Sandler has some pretty decent ones, and is a very decent actor in general.  The funny parts were funny, the sex was funny, and everything was stupid.  I give this movie a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I've seen in the last couple years, but this movie just turned out to be one of the most awful movies I have ever seen. The plot is stupid, the dialog is awful, and it's completely unbelievable that this movie was not able to make the whole movie, because if it wasn't, I'm glad I didn't pay for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of bad acting and very bad plot. I just saw this film at the Cinema MK2 festival and found it quite boring. The cinematography was too jumpy and the camera movements choppy and the lighting was just horrible. The director should think about switching to a different movie to show this film as it is not worth watching a movie for. The plot is about a guy with a mortgage who wants to renovate his old house, which is being renovated for her, and who tries to sell it for $70,000 dollars to a guy who wants it. I would have given this movie a rating of zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a good movie, then you're going to see a lot.  The first 15 minutes of the movie is quite good, and there are some good acting, but the rest of the film is absolutely awful.   This is the movie that i have watched in the past.  If i have to recommend this film to anyone, i would say to them "don't waste a good thing".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen. It's just so incredibly bad it's good. It is so bad it is good.  The movie is so poorly acted that it's not even funny, the characters are so one dimensional and boring and the movie itself is so poor, that you have to laugh at it to be able to watch the whole thing.  This movie is a joke. It isn't worth to rent out, or even buy a copy of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had really little character development and the movie just seemed to be a cheap rip off of the "B" films "Kon Tiki" and "Kôi" (1987).   If you have seen either of these films, you will know that these two are very different films.  The plot was predictable, the acting was bad, the music bad, and the "style" was "post-modern" (with some "Korean influence" (like the music) and "surrealistic" style).  I didn't like the movie, and I would like to be able to say that I liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst horror movie ever. The acting is poor, and the script is dire. The script is full of clichés and hackneyed jokes that make the movie impossible to follow.  The only good thing in the movie is the good-looking girls in it. They are beautiful.  There is no real suspense, and there is no suspense in the scenes. It's a dull movie with no real atmosphere.  This movie is nothing compared to the movies that came out in the early 80s. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First let me say that if you like to see a good movie that features a good story then this is it. If you want to see action and a good plot then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a film that was never really good, but just left me with a bad sense of how bad it was.  The film has a terrible, clichéd script, a boring direction, and worst actors.   I'd say it was a good watch if I were around in the eighties. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this movie was the lack of real story. The ending is not good and there are too many things going on in this movie that are completely stupid and not that are in the movie. This movie is just a collection of random scenes and stupid dialogs.  It should be 1 of 10, 10 is not enough.   This movie was not worth 1 hour of my life, the only good part was the movie director's speech in the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first of all, let me start out by saying that this is a movie. It starts out very good, but by the end I found myself saying "what was that all about?" and just plain wanting to know. The characters are dull and lifeless, the action is lame and uninspired, the story is uninspiring, the editing is so bad, I had to watch it all for myself. The movie just does not come together.  I guess I just did not like it, it seemed like a movie with no meaning, that could have made me feel more engaged with it.  There are a few good scenes, so it is OK.  This movie was made for a few bucks, and I guess it was the good feeling after watching this movie. So I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie could be better is if the whole cast and crew of this movie were good actors and the director was good. But the whole movie was really, really boring and was completely without fun. I was looking for a funny movie, and I found a really boring movie.   The best part of the whole thing was when the main character goes to the beach and meets with his friends and they all start throwing stuff at him. One of his friends is so mean to the main guy that he throws a drink at him and says "this is a great idea for a movie, if you ever want to see a good movie."  I'm glad I watched it, because I was really looking for something fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, I found myself angry, angry that the government and big media would allow this movie to be made. The only reason I found this movie funny is because I found the first part to be so bad that I wanted to stop watching after 40 minutes. The humor is not funny, nor is the plot. This movie was a waste of time. It was not interesting, it was not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, the cinematography was bad and the writing was worse than a bad toothache. The special effects were laughable, and the plot was...I mean...really. I mean, really bad. I wish i could give the movie a zero for plot and a 1 for special effects.  This movie is so bad, i have never seen such a terrible movie, i mean i just cant'nt wait to see it. I just wish i'd spent my money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I have seen it is very disappointing and badly acted. There is little entertainment value at all. The story is too broad and too far-fetched. The special effects are not realistic. It would have been much better if it focused on the story rather than just trying to fill up every minute with some kind of silly, random plot-twist.   As it is it just looks like a really dumb film. The film tries to be a serious, but fails on every level. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few words to say about this movie - it is a bad rip-off of "The Incredible Strange Film Show" that was made to try to get a DVD release of the movie by the Sci-fi channel, who unfortunately have "The Amazing Strange Film" (1980) available on their website.  It is like they just changed the title and ran with the original title, and the result is a total mess.  The DVD release was actually very good, although the movie itself was a rip- off of "Strange Film", I think it just goes to show that Sci-Fi Channel is a waste of time.  "The Strange Film of Dr. Fu Manchu" is a very bad movie. It has no plot, just a few silly scenes. The script is crap, and as of this writing is the worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad, the plot is bad, and the characters are really, really, annoying.   There are really no redeeming features to this movie other than it being really, REALLY bad, but the movie was bad enough to be really watchable.  I guess I really can't complain about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the look of a high budget horror film. It's just boring and not scary, and I can't tell why. The acting is awful and the direction is crap.  It just doesn't come together, it's like they just used up all the different colors and just randomly mixed them into this one bad movie.  The story is a little too long, and at the end it's just not scary anymore.  There's no suspense, it just comes out at the same time and doesn't make much sense. The movie has no plot, and it's all just stupid.  I give it a 1/10 because of the bad acting and the boring storyline. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, if you are a fan of Stanley Tucci, you will probably love this film, as the title should give you an idea of what you should expect.    This is not just a bad film, it's about the poor and not very good actors, nor the talented young actors, but the director and director of photography has done it wrong.  So what did he do wrong?   Well, he shows the poor young actors nothing to work with.  Instead, the film is a failure on all levels.  Well-worth of the money and time that Tucci spent on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie a 3 is because I don't want to give the viewer any more of the plot. There are too many details, too much to remember in the end, and not enough time to explain it all.  The acting was the worst I have ever seen, the camera was shaking all around, the sound was bad, the characters' faces were fake, and the director could not decide which ending to go with.  I would have given this movie 1 star if there was 1 star for every person involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a strange and unbelievable plot. The first half of the movie seems to be about a woman who gets attacked by a vampire, but then she realizes that the vampire is her own spirit.  The movie went from strange to just plain stupid. It is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. The movie was dull, boring and just plain strange. I was not entertained at all.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big joke. If you're in the mood to laugh you will probably be in the right place. The plot is ridiculous and the ending is lame.  So in conclusion don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this movie for my own curiosity. It's not really bad, nor was it even interesting, but I just came from seeing a bunch of other people who also went to the movie and didn't see anything. I don't know why.  The film is, and I can't see how, boring, over directed, and boring. The acting is terrible, and the whole thing is about as boring as a video game. It would be better if the film was actually interesting, and was actually entertaining.  It's just not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a good movie, watch "B" instead of "The Big Red One". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched this film for some years now and it just does not make any sense anymore. This is the kind of movie that really is bad. It just does nothing.  I'm a horror movie fanatic. But this is not even a horror film.  It is just an awful movie that should never have happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film starts off well with a bang bang bang. The film starts out well and then it goes down a hill. The script has been written with the expectation that the film will have a good opening. The acting is bad, the camera is good, and the film is entertaining.  The only thing that made this film was the good acting and fun of the first twenty minutes.  I found the first thirty minutes to be very, very interesting. They kept switching between the first and the second twenty minutes in an attempt to connect the story with the beginning. The plot was poor, the acting wasn't good at all, and I didn't like the film very much.  It's pretty bad, and that's pretty sad, but I think it could have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a fun, light-hearted comedy, this is it. The plot is weak, the jokes are sophomoric and boring and the acting is bad. The film is actually worse than a 2nd rate porno. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with some friends who were having an old friend over to watch it and they thought it was hilarious. It turned out to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. It was not funny, it was not entertaining, and was just plain stupid. I have never laughed out loud at a comedy movie. It has no plot, no script, no direction, no real jokes, no nothing.  My advice from the bottom of my heart, if you ever want to laugh this movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie with my kids and it didn't even seem to appeal to them! The movie is so bad it's good that I felt the urge to vomit after watching it. The acting is awful, the dialog is so dumb, the jokes are awful. The direction is so poor that it's funny.  My kid actually enjoyed the whole movie.  The movie has a little bit of a plot that involves a former high school wrestler getting his name back and his dreams of glory in the sport of mixed martial arts. This is one of the worst movies I've seen in the last couple months. I don't know if this movie will be in the same category as the one I saw on TBS.  I'd like to see this movie removed from the IMDb listings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What a waste.   If you like watching horror movies and are not a fan of the good old days, you will hate this movie.  If your a fan and have watched a lot of movies and liked the new "Scream" movies, you would like to see the old Scream.  This movie has everything, it's really nothing special.  There is not a good plot or a good acting. It's just bad.  So if you want a good movie that is good for the new horror movie genre, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like movies that look like something other then just plain boring...like it was the first time the whole world had to see it. I think I would have rather like to see something a bit more realistic like a real person but at least a bit less unbelievable.  The plot is very predictable...just a few minutes after watching it, the movie was over.  I just think this movie is a waste of time and I am glad that I did not pay money to see the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is nothing special, the plot is predictable and boring, and the characters are nothing more than just a few more people to be killed off for nothing, and some of the characters seem to be mentally unbalanced. I found myself wanting to see a second of the movie when I saw the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a first let me say that I'm a big film buff, but this movie just didn't have any redeeming qualities. It wasn't the worst movie of all time, it was the worst comedy ever made.  If you want to know a good laugh, or even just a good one, just watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the end is...nothing! The ending is what you expected from the beginning, the rest is bad...  So what is the point of this movie. Was it supposed to be a deep philosophical commentary on the nature of existence, or is it just the typical 'I have a question, I'll have my answer to this question...'  The movie had a very simple and shallow conclusion, but I don't know if that was the point. The movie is really a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many films that are bad enough to be interesting, but not bad enough, nor anything like "The Godfather" is bad enough.  The only thing that made me like this film is that it had good acting.  This is the kind of movie that has one or more good actors in it and you have to wonder how they were able to come together and find the perfect match.  I am not sure who this match was, but I know it was not him.  In conclusion, if you are a fan of The Godfather, avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only really funny is the way in which it is shot, lit and edited. The whole movie is just an excuse to show off all the great shots of this film.  If this is really a comedy, it is really bad. The characters are all caricatures of a few friends who were in the mood to make a joke.   I gave this movie a 1 only because I thought it was really awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some really bad movie scenes in this movie. The movie is not bad, the acting is bad, and the movie is awful. I give this movie a 3 out of 10, it has a ridiculous plot, bad acting, and stupid ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful and disappointing. I mean the guy can act, it shows.  This is not funny and should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A lot of things happened in this film, but I'm really just not able to think of anything more specific to say, it's just a bad mess of bad acting and bad directing, this was just not very good.   The film is very, very, extremely long and the acting is awful. It's just not good at all.  If you enjoy watching a film about how bad this movie was, you'll probably like it, otherwise I would say you need to be a serious film buff to enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie as a curiosity to see how bad it could be. I was very interested in seeing a documentary on the history of the United States Naval Airships, but what I got was a movie full of inaccuracies and misrepresentations.  The most important errors were in the depiction of the Airship's role in the War. This was misrepresentated in the movie as the "A" type aircraft, with a very limited role, and "B" type planes with a more active role.   The other errors were the portrayal of the Navy's use of nuclear weapons. In the movie, there was no mention of the nuclear bombings, nor the use of poison gas or biological warfare, nor of the use or development of "Stryker" missiles, which would have been used to deliver more effective bombs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you want to watch a comedy about the latest crop of the anti-science brigade, this is for you.  I watched this film with the hope of it being good. It was so bad it was good.  The lead actress (Kylie Minogue) had the most pathetic script ever written for a comedy.  It was painful to watch.   There was not a single laugh throughout the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought the whole film was an absolute crap. The story was slow, with a very poor performance from the characters. The film did not move at a pace, nor did the characters act in a believable manner.  The film is badly directed, and it really is a waste of film.  If you liked the first, don't bother with the sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was horrible. It was an absolute rip-off of "The Naked Gun" which is one of the most underrated films ever made. It has a boring plot, no character development, and the acting is the worst that I have ever seen. I mean, how could they have possibly thought this movie was good? The plot is crap, the dialogue is crap. The story is predictable and the story is lame. And the director doesn't even try to hide the fact that this is a movie that has been done in a day!  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The premise is simple enough. An Italian family is planning a vacation to a beach resort in Italy. The husband is a former soldier, a veteran, but he comes home for a little vacation in his home town of Berciano. There, he and his family get lost in the fog and decide to take a swim.  It is raining and they are soaked to the bone.  And there is an uproar.  What could possibly go wrong?   Well, the husband and wife are stranded on the beach and there's no one around to help them. The son is also lost in this mess, and the family is stranded for the night.   What happened?  Well...there is a man named Gianni who has decided to use a camcorder to try and rescue the stranded. Well, he does manage to sneak away, but his efforts have been thwarted.  Now, Gianni runs into the house, and starts filming his own family. He can't believe what he is seeing. He has been blinded by the wife's camera flash, and he tries to help his lost family, but the camera flashes again and he is blinded again.  Well now, the situation is dire.  The man in the house is a young Italian woman, and Gianni has made her life a living Hell. And the whole thing that is going on is completely absurd.  Just a few words to describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is bad and boring. The acting is bad, the plot is predictable, the direction is awful and the direction was awful.  I wouldn't recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason to watch this movie was if you like watching the typical, preachy, preach the gospel of Christmas movies.  It was the worst Christmas movie I have ever seen, I have seen better, I just can't stand it anymore.   This was a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read the reviews for this movie because I am a huge Adam Sandler fan and I thought it was a waste of my time. The movie starts out with Sandler talking about the old Adam Sandlers movie, "The Happy Gilmore" which was released when he was 24 years old, but when he starts his movie, the plot is all wrong. The plot is very boring and is very stupid. It is not funny at all. It was not good at all and the actors did not deliver. The main character was not funny. The people that were not funny were not good actors, and I think that is why this movie was so bad. Sandler, to me, was a total joke. If you like to watch comedy with Adam Sandlin, don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really really bad. I have seen bad movies that were much better. But this was really bad... The plot was weak, the dialog was stupid and the acting was terrible.  The only good movie was the first one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts off well enough, and then goes into a frenzy.  The first hour is okay, but by the end of it it's just a let down.  I'll say the ending was not really worth watching, and the only thing worth watching was the music, which was nice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely horrible.  I went to see this movie with my friends who are huge movie lovers, and we found it awful to sit through. The acting was bad.  The story was terrible. It didn't take long before we left.  There was not one funny scene.  This is the only movie I saw in the entire film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I know, this movie is based on the book "The Cat and the Canary" by Edgar Rice Burroughs. It's a novel that was not well written, though. So the movie is pretty pointless. The movie is so much about "creating a chimney" that is just plain silly. And I think that chimneys are not chimneys, but just chimneys that are so fake and are so very fake that you almost cannot tell the difference.  If you don't care about chimneys and chimney decoration, then this movie may be for you. The film does a little Bardwork, so you can tell it's fake.  This movie is an insult to chimney construction, but if you are a chimneys fan, you should just skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no need to spend much time commenting, as there is already an abundance of them.  The acting is poor, the cinematography is poor and the sound is horrible.  I am tempted to stop watching this movie as soon as it starts.  If you liked the first one, you will probably like this one.  In the first movie, there were some good shots of the house, the church and the school.  This movie just goes from bad to bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that I found interesting was the fact that this was made by the director of The Good Fellows.  The fact that you didn't get to know the characters was a big let down.  In conclusion, I would not recommend this movie to anyone, even with the warning that if you watch the movie, you will feel like a drugged person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a common theme in most of these films. They either have a plot or a message and these two things will drive the movie. If the message is "If you like your children to see an evil man get hurt then you should see this movie," the movie will fail. If it is about the "nice guy with an evil plan," the kid will fall in love and the family will have to make a tough decision. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for a class on how to make a good horror movie with students and after the class, all the students left the class and said "This movie scared me" because it scared them too much to continue watching. I mean the class left in droves after the scary beginning, when the boy wakes up and runs to the bathroom and yells "the boy is dead!" the entire class left the classroom.  The ending is the only good part of the whole movie. It is so sad that I did not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a poorly-directed, boring, ill-conceived, boring and ultimately fails to be interesting. The main characters are a pair of geographers, who meet in the hotel bar. One geographer is a big shot, the other is a hot chick, and neither one is the least bit interesting.  It does get interesting at times, the movie does not provide any interesting characters, and at times the movie is dull, boring or disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, I think, a very bad, cheap, dull movie. It's not very funny. It is very boring and nothing special. The acting is bad. The story is bad and boring. The only good parts are the movie's soundtrack. And I'm not even talking about the soundtrack...  I was watching this movie with a friend and was not amused. The movie had no good acting. And the movie did nothing special for my taste. I think the movie is an average horror movie.  I would really like to say something more about the movie and this movie. In the movie, I saw the good guys. The horror movie is good. And that's the good part of the movie. The good guys were the good acting in this movie that I did not like.   The only thing I liked about the whole movie is the ending. So I guess that's something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's the deal with this film? Is it some weird film, or is it just some weird movie?  There are some interesting performances by the lead actor, which make it all the more unbelievable, I guess.  I'll just have to go with the flow, since there's no real reason why.  The story of a mother of a teenager who has become a nun is a strange one, as is the plot of the movie. The movie has a lot of unexplained elements, and the ending is... confusing.   I am wondering why I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad...  it has one funny scene after another and this is the worst movie I have ever seen...   The movie is really really boring...  no story and no real funny jokes...  It's really a waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Ben Stiller fan, but I think this movie was just awful. It was not funny. It is very tepid and just stupid.  It is not even good. It just makes me want to throw up in my pants. It makes me angry that Ben Stillary 2 is the only movie that has a few laughs.  Stiller should have switched to stand-up after this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am really going to start this review by saying this - this was the WORST movie I have ever seen.  The plot was so predictable, I felt it would be a good movie to show people who are still in shock from the attacks in America.  It is not, I do not know, a great movie. It is horrible.  What really shocks me about this movie is the fact that the terrorists used chemical weapons and killed innocent people, that is so sad.  I guess I will not be shocked if the next terrorist use sarin gas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I heard about this movie was it was a remake of a classic "Gone with You". This remake wasn't good and the acting was bad and the movie was really bad. It is really not the remake of "The Shop Around the Corner" but an updated version.  The story is an updated "Shop Around the corner" with some minor changes. The new story is a lot more boring and not as depressing as "Shop"  I am not sure if this movie is better than "Shop", maybe I haven't seen it and so I don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I thought that was it, the only movie I have seen that was even mediocre at the time.  But I was wrong! I have watched all the movies and this is the only one that I have come across that I thought was good.  This movie starts off great. In the middle, they were good, but I was bored. In some of the movies, I actually felt that there was a story that was interesting and I was just watching to see it get watered down. This is the movie for the fans of a certain type of movie, but if you are looking for a good movie, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't imagine anyone enjoying this movie could be a fan of it, but I'm sure it won't appeal to many people.  There are some good things to say, like the way the story lines are developed, the direction of the photography, and the acting.  I don't think the director succeeded in creating a movie worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very disappointing, I don't really know what to say about it. It has all the potential for something great, and yet nothing great happens, it just seems like a typical rip off of something that has been done a hundred times before.   I am actually in shock that the movie lasted that long, and that it is only one of the many bad movies that are so bad they are good.  This film really is an insult to the audience who has the misfortune of sitting through it, as the only thing that has made me like this movie is the good cast of the actors, the great directing, the lame editing, the amateur cinematography and the music.  The only thing in this movie that I liked was the end credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a cheesy movie with a twist of "Hollywood" and "Eurotrash", you will not find it here.  I'm glad I did not pay for it. It is a waste of money and time. I'd like to see more of a plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of friends with an annoying sense of humour decide to watch a spoof of "Sesame Street" on their own, as the title song sounds. The premise sounds very promising, and a group of people with the same annoying sense decide to join in.  This has to be one of the worst films I've ever seen, and it's not even funny. I'm amazed that it got a rating of 4, as it's only the first time I've watched it that was enjoyable.  My friend and I had to fast forward a few times to understand the jokes.   This was an embarrassing watch and it really was an annoying one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an obvious rip-off of "The Naked Gun", a movie starring a pair of high school kids who get their hands dirty and end up accidentally killing some people (the story is predictable, the ending predictable, and the ending could be good for a 10-year-old).  This movie is an embarrassment to the art-movie industry, and there's nothing new here.  I can't believe the people who made this movie actually liked it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched the whole thing - I can't understand how they could have come up with such an awful film! This movie was just plain horrible! I don't understand - when a person dies, he comes back to life and goes on a killing spree. He gets the best person (i.e. himself) and kills them all. In the end, he is found by the police and taken to the hospital. He is found and the cops try to find him, but he is not seen.  There are several unexplained and unbelievable things that happen in the hospital and I have to give them away. I was waiting for something to happen and it never did. The hospital is empty! It just goes on and on. There is a lot of people that have been seen on other occasions, but just come back and they are all dead.  In conclusion - don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a shame to waste your time with this, and I do mean shame.  I'll admit, at the beginning of the movie, I really didn't think much of the film, but I thought that it wasn't very interesting, and then the movie started getting a bit serious.   And then I started to get a bit bored, and after an hour I decided that I'd have to give the film a shot.  So I turned it off after 40 minutes and watched it again, and it ended up being much worse than the first time.  Oh, and the acting was horrible, the plot wasn't bad, and there wasn't any plot, at all.  If you are looking for a movie that offers nothing but a cheap thrill, go ahead, it's here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen it all, I can't decide who's going to be the least bit offended by this film...  I think the film is pretty much devoid of any narrative and I think it would be very easy to fill in the plot, but then again, this is an awful film and the story isn't realistic either.   There's nothing to see here.  The story has the potential to be very interesting and there are several very interesting characters and situations that suggest this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts off interesting but gets boring very fast. The characters are so wooden that they're hard to even care about. I can't even figure out why they're supposed to be interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the biggest disappointment. The plot is so weak that it makes the movie even more unbelievable. If you like low budget, amateurish movies that are very boring, or amateurish acting, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film in my sleep on the night it came out. I was so scared that it was only a nightmare, but I still can't believe that a movie like this could be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What an insult! I had my hopes high. I was excited to see the trailer for this movie and, as luck would have it, was completely let down. The movie starts off with a couple of scenes that are quite exciting (one involving a man's severed hand and another involving a woman who fell into a pit after having a great shower). It's really not that exciting at all. The film is simply boring and dull. The characters are stupid and the action is not realistic at all, which could have been the best of the trailer.  The ending is so poor that I gave it a 3 instead of the 1 that it so richly deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching bad movies, then you will like this movie. I watched it because it has a 1.5 rating.  If I was going to watch a movie I would leave out the bad acting and the bad script. This movie is about the bad movie makers trying to make a movie that is good for everyone and just has to say something so that the audience can get a good laugh out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say about this movie? The plot is very bad, the movie is very fake, the characters are all uninspired, and most of the movie's jokes are either stupid or very, very stupid. The movie is just plain bad.  This movie is nothing more than an excuse to bore the public to death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was disappointed with the performance of the main characters in the movie, I think the director could have done a much better job, and I would have enjoyed a lot more of the movie.  I am so glad I saw the movie on cable TV because I didn't see a whole thing, I guess I have a case of "blunderbussitis". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been a fan of "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" for the past decade. I remember being blown away by this film at the time it came out, and my disappointment soon set in.  I didn't know how to feel about it, but I had to take my kids out one night and have them watch it.  The film has some of the worst dialogue I've ever heard. The script was completely senseless and pointless. And, I didn'nt even laugh once during the entire film.  If you want to watch a good movie, see "The Invisible Man". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've been trying to watch this movie for the past few days. After a big tip of the hat to the author, I saw it and after I saw a few more scenes, I had to go see it again. It was pretty much a waste of time. I don't know what he's trying to do with his life.  This movie is about the relationship between an older man and a younger woman, who are trying to break away from their relationship and get rid of the past.  There are some good scenes in this movie, like the one where the older man is trying to convince the younger woman to have sex with him and she is flirting with him. It just comes across as cheesy.  The movie is not really bad, there is a lot of boring moments and I guess it just isn't that bad. It's just not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really hope that there are people who saw this movie and have the decency to tell them to stay away from it. The acting is bad, and the story is terrible.  The only way that this movie can get a 3/10 is if someone actually cared about the characters.  If you want to watch a funny movie, go see: Funny Games or the other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea of this film is that a woman is killed in a plane crash and then her husband comes forward claiming to have witnessed the crash.  There are many problems with this film.  Firstly, the story itself is poorly developed.  Secondly, the script is badly written and the acting is awful.  Thirdly, the plot is completely unrealistic.  Fourthly, there are many confusing scenes.   Fifthly, most of the special effects are laughable.  The film is full of meaningless details.  If you have not read the plot, do not watch the film. Just make a bad decision. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a movie, the only reason I gave it a 3 out of 10 is because the movie was so bad and I thought the plot was so stupid and just not funny. I mean come on, that movie sucks. It was terrible. I don't care how you get involved in this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most pathetic, pointless, pretentious movie I have ever seen in my life. The acting was horrible, the story was horrible and the direction was awful.  This movie would be funny if it was written by a 14 year old. It's not. The only funny parts were the two little kids who made the movie.  I don't know if this movie was filmed by the director, Producer, or whoever was responsible for this movie. I hope the producer and director never gets the greenlight for this film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a terrible film.  The story is bad.   I saw it in the cinema. It's like a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a stilted mess. It's one of those low budget, amateurish film with a good cast of amateurs that the studio had to use in a good way to create an interesting movie. But it's a bad film and it's nothing special. I was watching it because a friend is a videographer and he was kind of watching the movie with me. He said he didn't know what he was doing and said he just made some cool movies.   I think the main character should have switched roles with the director. Maybe he could have done the whole movie with a little more style. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole movie was an absolute joke. The only funny thing in this movie was the song that plays in the beginning. This song was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell is going on with the people who made this movie? The acting is bad, the script is terrible, and the direction is awful.  I just saw it and I could not believe what I saw.  My advice from the bottom of my heart, do not waste your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie has a lot of potential. First off, the music is okay, it's pleasant and the movie is fairly boring. In addition, the acting is terrible and the whole movie feels like an afterthought. The plot is basically, a waste of time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical horror movie. I have seen some good horror movies in my time but this is just not one of them.  If you enjoy to watch the movie as a horror movie, you should expect a good one.  The acting is awful and the movie itself is not scary.  My advice is to don't watch this movie unless you like a good horror movie and don't see the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews for this movie and decided to give it a shot. I don't like the idea of this movie, I do think it has potential. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a bad mess.    In the beginning it was good, but it gets progressively worse as the story gets longer and longer.  The acting is poor.  Some parts of the movie are good. The movie has a few good points.  I really don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about a girl who falls in love with a boy who is in love, and the story is a parody of many other teen movies. The acting is awful, the script is weak, and all of the characters are cardboard characters. The movie is really not worth renting unless you like to laugh at the jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an insult to the intelligence of the viewer. I've read several of the other reviewers, but I've never seen one like this. It's the worst movie I've ever seen. It makes the viewer a fool to think he's a good person, but he's no longer. The ending is the same old cliché I've seen hundreds of times before.   The only funny part is at the beginning, when the characters talk about the future of the world (with an eventual warning of Armageddon). I mean come on! There's no way that the Creator of the Universe could have foreseen that this movie would be the final nail in the coffin of humanity. The plot is extremely predictable, with no real revelation about what the heck is going to happen next. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film with my own expectations of an intelligent film. The movie was not good. The dialog was dumb. The acting was bad. The editing was awful. The direction was poor.  This movie is like the movie "Maniac" where the director's own film is bad and the cast are all one-dimensional.  The movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why it didn't get a rating. The film is so much crap, that I gave it a 1 only for the good performance of the main character, who was so pathetic, that he ended up begging for mercy from the Lord. The rest of the characters were good and they acted in a manner that made the movie so bad, that i almost fell asleep at the end of the movie. It was all very much crap and very gory.  This movie isn't good, that's for sure. The good thing about this movie is that it's not like the usual vampire movie, with a lot of blood, nudity and sex, which is usually a good thing. The acting is bad, the script is bad. The special effects are god awful.  I'll give it a 4 only because of the good performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen. The only good parts of it were in the beginning and the middle. The script is so bad it's bad that I was laughing out loud for 10 minutes straight. The acting is so horrible that it's good and the story is boring and nothing really happens.  I actually don't know what the other reviewers were thinking. It wasn't funny at all and I'm not even sure how they can come up with a 4 rating for this movie. The funniest part of the movie was when they are in the hospital and all the hospital staff try to kill them. The hospital staff are armed with handguns and can kill in a second with full fire and then reload to kill the hospital doctor.   I guess if you're into movies like I am then you will enjoy this movie because the rest of it is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original series is much better. This is not just the first time I've seen such a terrible movie. The story has become a joke to the fans of this movie. If you like the original series, I recommend to watch the movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is the same as the previous two films: the husband dies and his family, which he has left behind, comes into a fortune from a mysterious benefactor. He gives it to the dead wife and his wife's lover (whom the dead husband had once seen) and uses it to win the widow's heart.  As I said before, this is a bad film. I saw it for the first time in about a year and a half. It wasn't the worst film I've ever seen and I've seen about fifty films in my time. The acting is poor, the characters are bad, and the story is just silly.  The ending is the only redeeming quality of the whole film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that comes to mind is, what's the point of this movie? The point is, there's no point. The acting is terrible, the script is stupid and the direction is awful. The director should be embarrassed for himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is weak and I have been waiting for it to end the whole movie. The movie is not good at all and I could not even finish it because of the bad acting and the bad script. It was not funny at all. The plot has not changed and seems to have been edited to the point of absurdity. The direction was bad, the cinematography was terrible and the music is awful. I watched it because I am a huge fan of the guy and his movies and was waiting for something better. I really could not believe the acting and script at the beginning and I was not even disappointed. The whole movie was very poor and boring and the only good part was that the song "The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" by Michael singing with the girls was so annoying I almost fell asleep because of it.  I would like to add that this movie had no real story, not at all, it just turned out to be the typical boring film that everyone has made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title says, "Criminally Insane".  I'm glad I did not pay to see this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is set in a small desert town, where the only inhabitants are the sheriff, a psychologist, and his assistant. The film features several bad actors, including a few well-known desert thrillers.  The movie has absolutely nothing to offer, and no one can save it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was because I like the story. This movie is bad from beginning to end. The ending is worse than the first one. I would have like to recommend renting or buying the original. I am surprised how it lasted this long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so awful and boring that I had to stop watching. The story is predictable and not interesting at all. I just can't believe how bad this movie was. It was not scary. I mean, the movie was SO STUPID that I actually wet my pants with laughter.  And then, the last half hour was the only thing worth my time...  Don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good at all. The script is stupid. The acting is poor. The story is terrible. The editing is awful. I could even finish watching the movie because the characters are so fake, I could not even recognize them.  I don't know how they got the actors for this movie. It looks like they just changed the channel.  The only good actors are those who were good at the first movie, who were supposed to be interesting actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The premise was very interesting. It's basically an attempt to make a horror film. The script is terrible and the result is just awful. The cast is very, the script is not good and the direction is not special.  I don't know how this made it to the screen. It was really bad, the acting was bad and the movie was terrible. I don;t know how I could watch this movie, it wasn't scary.  The cast was so uninspired and badly directed. I was very bored throughout the entire film. I even thought there was one funny scene where a guy was standing on a cliff and fell off and rolled down and died, and the whole movie was like that.  It also doesn't make much sense. It has an ending that doesn't explain what happened. It also seems like they made a decision to change the ending to fit the new ending. It doesn't really make sense.  Overall, it's a big waste of money and a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film as an introduction to a science fiction class at SUNY Geneseo. It was really dull, and I think that my friend and I got bored after a while and wanted to move onto something else. I don't know if I wanted to leave at all. I didn't care for it the whole time, and the rest of the class left with me. I really wanted to see something different. I found it was boring, and there were no characters and no real story.  The only good comment I could make about the movie is that it was pretty bad, and that I really think it was a pretty poor movie overall. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched the movie a number of times, but I can't remember a single time I watched the whole movie. And the only time I've seen the movie is at a cinema or a sports arena. It's not interesting or entertaining, but it does look like a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts off with a very good premise, but after the first 10 minutes I don't really feel anything for the story. The acting is poor and the plot is not all that good. I really like the idea of the movie, as it does not make any sense and is not good.  It could have been a good movie, but it was not all great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really hard to see why this movie is so terrible. It's not really that bad, but that the ending is pretty lame, and the movie itself is a waste of time.  There is no real plot, except there are a few scenes where it is okay, and one or two of them are pretty funny.  This movie was awful. It really is the worst movie I've seen. It was not funny. It is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I like a good story of a movie, I was very bored throughout this movie. The acting was terrible good, the action was excellent and the movie itself was good. I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad. It's really nothing more. I don't understand. It just seemed like it was directed by a 14 year old kid.  The acting was terrible. I mean come on. I have no idea what they were trying to do.  It is really sad. I am sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title (Brazil) is a misspelling. In this movie, the title is "Mana Semprez" ("Forever") -- meaning, "Forever" in Portuguese. It's a movie about an old man who is killed by a bear, and his widow (Florinda Vieira) collects a payout of a little over 5 million dollars, which she uses to pay off the dead old man's debts. She then uses this money to start a new life with a new partner (Antonio Lopes), and she and his son (Raul Julia) get into all sorts of trouble with various bad people.  This is a bad film, and the acting is bad, and it is bad all the way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that should have been in the beginning. It starts with a man walking around in a forest, and after a while he comes across some birds, and as he gets closer to the ground he gets attacked by a very large eagle, and he is scared, and runs away. The eagle has a pretty good talon, and while he is able to kill the man easily he is very weak and sick. The man is able of killing the eagle easily, and the movie continues with another man getting attacked by the same eagle. This time the man is very scared and runs off into the woods for help, but as he approaches the edge of the woods the eagle attacks again and kills him. The last man gets killed by the eagle, but he too is killed easily by the man's lack of strength and he falls to the forest floor.  The movie ends with the man getting his heart ripped out, and you can see that his stomach is hurt as well.  I have to say though, as the movie starts you can already tell that he is in pain, and by the end of the movie you don't care about his heart or his guts anymore, and his death is not that much of a surprise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to make a comedy that has only a few funny moments, then this is the movie for you.  The jokes are bad, the lines are poor, and the characters are so cardboard that you cannot even laugh.  There is no real humor, only jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is nothing but a big pile of bad acting, stupid plot, and worst music that could possibly be put on a disc player. The plot is predictable, the dialog is terrible, and the characters are as one dimensional as the movie itself. This movie isn't funny, the movie is bad, and that's sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 10 minutes of the movie I saw the title of the story "The Prodigy", but I didn't even recognize the title.  The first 10 years of the Prodigy is a dull movie with bad acting and bad directing, and very dull story.  This movie has no special meaning, as it's just an average B-movie that has bad acting.  There are two special performances, both of which were funny and showed how bad the Proctor is.   The plot is really boring and just like the first ten years of this movie, the plot is bad.  I give this movie a 1.5/10 for the good acting, the good directing, the funny direction and the bad story. It really could have a 1 or 2, as there are some good performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I have been a fan of the director and director of the "Dancer in the Dark" it is difficult to find anything good to say. The movie is nothing more than an insult to fans of the film. If you are a fan and do not see this film, then you are either extremely stupid or very, very, uneducated. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was disappointing, the movie had many mistakes and it was very dull, I am surprised at how many people liked this movie. I guess I would say the movie would be better if it was more entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie a rating is the acting of William H Macy, the actor who plays the title character. The plot is not even the worst movie I have ever seen, I have not seen a movie that bad since. The special effects are pathetic, the camera is awful, the story is not interesting and I have never seen a good movie. The only thing that makes me laugh is the music by Ennio Morricone, which makes me feel sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a mess of a film. I have been watching it for two days now and after watching it I am still in shock. I think the acting is awful. The acting is horrible. The characters are not interesting. The plot is predictable. The director is a no-talent hack. The camera-work is poor.  I saw this at about half an hour in and could still feel the same sort of anger as I had with this film.  My advice is to do not waste your time, go for something better. I would recommend to avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is predictable, unemotional, and just plain dull. The cast is horrible, the cinematography is bad, the music is bad. It's just all predictable and boring.  There are good performances.  The plot is also predictable. The director tried to build up to something new. The result is predictable.    The only funny is the music, which is okay. And the soundtrack, which isn't bad at all.  I have to wonder why this movie was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you were expecting a good film with a plot, and you get this you will be disappointed. If you are looking for a great comedy with a great script, then watch this movie, you will enjoy yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea is that a group of friends are planning a night out at a hotel when they run into a hotel maid, who promptly informs them that she is in the middle of the middle.  So they quickly change into a group, and try to sneak past her, and instead of being picked off by a group in a darkened, dark hotel, they just end up picked off one by one by the maids who try to stop them, and by the police, who try and arrest them.  What is going on is that the main characters are a bunch of idiotic millionaires, who want to get a good laugh out of a night spent at the hotel, but can't get past the maid, because she doesn't know them, or their plans.  There are no proper characters in this movie, and no real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I wanted to see it because I was sick. I was very sick and it hurt me to think of the movie as anything other than a joke. The movie was a joke to me.  The story was bad. The ending was bad, and it was very cheesy. I just found myself wanting to watch the movie over and over again.  I think the only reason I saw this movie was because of the ending. If you were sick you would probably be sick to tears. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the first hour and a half of this movie to be a real drag. The only redeeming value of this film was that I saw a beautiful rainbow. I think that if you saw the entire movie I would be surprised that I found it all boring. I have never seen the other movies. They all bore me to tears.  This was so awful. The songs, the acting, everything. The worst part was the story. The movie was just bad. The plot was crap.  I am really surprised that this movie did not get any nominations. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good film in the world made by the director of "The Godfather", "Vigilante" is this.  "Vivid" is a poorly made film that isn't worth even a rating.  The first twenty minutes are nothing more than a slow-moving, boring film.  Then the plot comes crashing.  It's all bad.  No character development, nothing.  This film is so bad, that I almost gave it a zero.  I'd like to see something different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is nothing new or interesting about this movie. The plot is predictable, and the acting is horrible. The movie has the look of a made-for-tv movie, and it's worse than most other films I've seen. I had to pinch myself because I didn't laugh once. I was hoping the story would end before it got boring, but instead I didnt. The story starts out cute, but it never really works. I just left the movie and started watching the next thing on TV. I didn‗t even laugh at it, or at the end of it. This movie was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original plot was interesting. The original premise was an interesting story about an American family in Paris with their own unique relationship. The movie is far more about the relationships between the main character and her mother (Van Meter) and sister (Gagnon) than the story of a young American woman coming to Paris for her vacation. The film tries too hard to make a point about what it is that Van Meter and Gagnon are feeling for each other.  The plot is a weak attempt at showing the life of a lonely American woman who is taking a trip to the seaside for a vacation, and it works. The characters are stereotypical: they are lonely, they are not together, and there are several long conversations between them, and then there are long scenes with Gagnons.  Gagnón is an older American woman, not even as an actress, but simply a woman whose life is empty and all alone. The mother is older, but she has no life experience of anything, and the sister is a typical American woman with no life experiences. Van Meter's attempt to show the sister's life is an unsuccessful attempt to do so, and she does not come across as an interesting person.  Van Meter is a young French woman, also not interesting. She is lonely, does not have any life experience, and is not interested in anything outside of work and sex. The story is boring and the characters boring, and that's the best reason to watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate that this movie has managed to stay in the same movie for so long - I mean, it is just not that easy.  It just is not that interesting, and if it is, I hope that the director was paid well enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I watched this movie was to get a free laugh at the first half of it. If that's what you want, I'll be happy to watch the movie again.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible, the script was bad, the camera was bad and the sound was bad. I mean...this movie is so... I just could not believe it. The entire plot is soooooooo... boring, I mean I don't know... The whole movie was just so tiring and not funny. The music was terrible. The characters... well, I wouldn't even call them "characters". They were "filler" characters. It was a real waste of time and I would just like to have the ending changed to something better. The best part was when the credits were rolling... I mean come on... it was so tingly.  This movie had one or two good scenes in it... and the rest was just... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie is that if you were to watch it, you would think that the first half would be great. You would probably be right. The movie just comes across as so fake and so artificial. You are so bored throughout the whole movie that you want to stop watching, and just get up and walk away. The acting is awful.  The ending is so fake, and it is just a stupid ending that you really do not care for. The characters are so unrealistic that I am surprised that people like me would watch it.  Please spare yourself this one movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth watching, even with the low rating.   I am glad that it was made in the first place, but it would have been better if it was not for the constant use of the "O" word in place of the more appropriate "D" word. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many films that are bad enough, not really bad enough. The film isn't bad enough to be good. If your a fan of John Boorman, this film is for you.  There's a lot of unnecessary gore and nudity and the plot is stupid and pointless.  This is the kind of film that only a few people actually enjoy. It is very predictable, and could have been a lot better.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the movie I saw the two guys play "Whipped" and the movie ended at the same time the first Whipped started. So what happened to the other guy?  It's just another whodunit movie. There was too much of it in the movie to the point that it was almost a movie about whodunnit.   The other whodunits in the film were the two main characters and the two girls that I think they played. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A friend had told me this film was about a young, fresh graduate of Harvard Med School, and asked me to see it. I don't know why, I have a really bad sense of humor and am always looking for something new. So I went to the theater and watched the first ten minutes, but was totally overwhelmed by the fact that this was a serious, boring movie. The only funny scene was the first few minutes of the movie, but the rest of it was bad. I couldn't believe it when I looked it up online, it was just plain dumb.  The only thing that made this movie worthwhile was the way it was filmed, and the fact I think the director didn't really have the talent to pull it off. This movie is one of those "I'll be back soon" type of movies, which are so predictable they are good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a big Sam fan from way back.  When I saw the movie I thought I was going to laugh hysterically and I was not. I thought the movie was so terrible. I could not stop laughing. I am still crying. It was not even funny at all. It made me laugh so hard, I nearly fell asleep.  It is absolutely horrible. I really think this movie needs to be canceled because it is so bad it is not even good.  The only thing that could have saved this movie was if the music was so bad that I could barely hear the lyrics. It is the only song I have ever heard that was worse than this movie.   This movie should have been removed from the movie menu because it made me want to fast forward through the movie. I had to fast-forward to the end because I kept trying to watch this movie and I just lost interest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was pretty mediocre. The script was weak, and the acting was horrible.  I just don't know how to explain this movie... It has a few good ideas and the story is weak and the movie is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie on the way to a showing, but after the showing, it is a joke.  It was very low budget, but the acting was horrible.  The movie looked like a joke from a kid's point of view.   This is a movie that is like a horrible, crappy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three minutes were good enough. The movie went to a long and dull point in the middle of the movie. The story is not so bad it's good. The director should of changed his mind and made a different movie. I am a fan of the old black comedy genre and i have seen a lot of them and this is not one of them.  The characters are not bad. The direction is not bad either.  In conclusion, I rate it a 1/10, because of the director's inability to choose a good director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason I'm giving this movie a 1 star rating is because there is little or no character development, which is usually the case with a movie like this, but the film's attempts at character development is poorly executed, and I think the director should be embarrassed. The story is predictable and nothing happens except what's necessary to fill the screen with meaningless action and meaningless dialogue, with no real insight into the lives of the characters, nor their relationship with one another.  I'm not sure if the movie is set in modern times, but I can't really remember. Maybe the director just doesn't remember, or maybe he's just trying to be up on his good days? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much here to recommend this movie as a good one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to say that I have not seen any of the previous comments about this movie. There is a lot of bad acting, and bad directing, so you really have to take this movie with a grain of salt. It was a shame to watch it.   I was in the cinema watching this movie, so I can't say for myself how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title says I am from Scotland. I have never been fond of watching the TV series or any other type of British television programme, so this show must have been terrible to me.  I can understand why this show was cancelled. I don't see the point of a drama that is so predictable. If you want to watch something original, give this show a miss. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some good films that you will never get tired of, and "Pulp Fiction" is no exception. The movie was incredibly boring and nothing else.   This film is one of those films that is just so much nothing and has little real meaning to it. It is like a bad "Gone With the Wind" or "A Day at the Museum" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was just a terrible movie. The acting is terrible and the plot is weak. There was no real life to it and I just wasted time watching it. The movie was bad.  It's a horrible movie. It should have been canceled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a nice opening. It's a fairly standard story of the life of an astronaut. The characters are basically drawn from the same group as the astronauts. There's not much of an interesting plot. The movie is too boring and nothing special.  If you want to watch a decent comedy this isn't too bad, but if you want a watch out for the "funny" jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was not too good, but it wasn't bad.  I am not going to spoil the movie for you, but I can say that it is a typical thriller, with no real story.  The movie tries to be a realistic thriller, and it is nothing more. The acting was bad, the dialog was bad and the direction not very good.  This movie is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an attempt to make a B movie about the life of a blind monk. The first scene is the scene where he takes the monks' eyes from their sockets and pouts at them "You will be blinded by the cold." The second is the part where he is having a bath with a snake, which is a scene where one gets the chills from a snake. He has a snake for a roommate, but he does not have any chills. He is pouty and all over dramatic.  This movie is a trainwreck. The actors are just awful.  If you are a person who likes B movie, please don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film starts with a bang bang and a very few people run away. And there's nothing more. There's nothing else. This is just a stupid, cliché, made for the hell of it film, so much that it doesn't even seem interesting or interesting.  The plot is terrible, boring and predictable, but the main character does a good job of being the main attraction.  This is one of those films that is so bad that it becomes a cult hit.  I think that if you see this film don't watch it because you want to laugh and have some fun, because the main thing here is that the plot has been completely forgotten.   I give this film a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with an unhappy couple - Mary (Tobey Maguire) and Jack (Brock Strasse) - that's it, the movie - and soon they are in a car wreck and Mary is out for revenge. When the cops arrive on the scene and the carnage begins, Mary is shot and dies in the hospital. Brock, the cop, is left in a coma and Jack is left with no memory of his wife and no memory that he even had a wife. It's bad, but there's no real reason for this - there's too much senseless and meaningless violence and not enough character development and development.  In a movie like this, the only person who has some real life experience is the cop and he's out of the picture. Mary is an interesting character, so I'll leave it to her to show her stuff. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, let me say, that I like it but can't stand it.  It was a poor attempt at an action movie but the movie didn't turn out to be so bad.  I thought the special effects were decent enough and the plot was weak.  If I hadn't already seen it, I would have left and never seen the movie again.  My rate: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watch a lot of bad movies is for nostalgia, but I can tell you one reason I do. The story itself is a little bit too cliched and there are a few scenes that just don't fit. It is not like the "My Favorite Martian" movies where you get a chance to laugh with a Martian and see a movie where the Martian is a bit silly. I also think that the "bad" side of the movie is a tad too "dramatic", and the ending should have been a bit longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that impressed me was the script. I was like, OK, well, okay, maybe I have a sense of humor and I'll try something different.  And it's not a funny movie. It's a sad one, and you will laugh at the jokes.   If you're a fan of the show, you will find the movie to be very boring. I don't know if I laughed at the movies, or the first part of the movie.  If I'm going to recommend this movie, I'm not sure who to recommend it to, and that's why I've seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just another slap in the face to the American people.  I saw the movie in Hong Kong and had to watch it all the way to the end. I found the plot boring and the acting horrible.  As for the plot, it's not too bad, the acting is OK and it's predictable. The plot is completely fake and very fake.  The plot makes absolutely no sense, the characters are all one-dimensional, and there's nothing else to say.  My advice is to stay at home and avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been waiting for this movie to come out of its German DVD collection and was so excited to see it. It was not anything special or special!  The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the movie is not worth watching in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad it was good.  The acting is so terrible the characters aren't able to act that you actually have a hard time understanding them. The special effects are so bad you can't even recognize them.  This isn't the worst movie I've seen in my life, and I know nothing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just going to have to agree with most of the other reviewers here that this was the worst movie I've ever seen.  The fact that the movie is shot in black and white gives the movie an overly dark look. It's a shame that I wasted $3 to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I watched this film was because it had the potential to be a really good film. It didn't deliver, in fact it was a bad film! I saw it with my girlfriend and we just had to stop laughing. The plot is stupid and the acting is horrible. The cinematography is terrible. The script is a waste of time.  The plot of the film is ridiculous. It's so bad that it's good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this film as a joke and came up with an idea. I wanted to see a movie that was so bad that it was good. Well, it wasn't good.  This movie was so badly written and badly acted that I wanted my money back.  I'm not a movie critic, but I have to say I was very disappointed with this movie. The acting was bad, the story was boring, and the plot was all predictable.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it wasn;t come close to capturing the feel of "My Favorite Year". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out good and the acting is good and it keeps going at a good pace with great dialogs, great camera shots and a great music. The story is weak, the characters are weak and the movie works on that. The characters are just plain dumb and nothing more.  The story itself is very poor. The cinematography is very good, the cinematography works well, and the story itself doesn't work. It seems that the director didn't really give a good story, but he made good use of the actors and it shows in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is the worst I've seen. The film is a giant failure. It's not funny, is not interesting, is boring, it is not amusing, the actors are bad, and the writing is worse than the average B-movie. The only real fun is seeing the people in the movie laugh at the jokes of the film. The jokes are bad.  The only funny parts are the very end and the credits. It is the credits that really make this a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to understand this film we have to know that there are several types of films, so there will be no review. There are some bad movies and there are not.  This movie is bad.  The movie is boring, the acting is bad, and the ending is... bad. No story, no nothing.   I really hope that they make a sequel.  I know that some people are going to find this movie very strange, I am surprised with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people see this movie as the "Worst movie ever" which was the original premise.  This movie is the second worst movie ever made. The first was "The General" which came out at the end of 1990. This movie was very disappointing.  The General is the worst movie of all time. It was the worst bad movie I have ever seen in my life.  Don't waste your time with this movie. It will not add any new meaning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very disappointing film, a bad script and bad editing and it was quite the worst film I have ever seen. I am still trying to comprehend why I wasted my time on this. The only thing that made me laugh was seeing a cat with an orange coat. That was the only thing I could get through my teeth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made me dislike this movie was the sound track. It was so bad, I wanted to turn it off halfway through and get my ears back. The story was too unbelievable, and the end was so anticlimactic. The actors were terrible. The plot was too much a chore to follow. And what was really awful was the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, this is NOT a movie, its an endless parade of bad movies. The worst part of the movie is at the beginning when you see the beginning credits and you see "Producers, Directors, Producers, CAST, PROMOTION, EXCEPTIONAL, ALL RIGHTS". The credits at that point is for the people who made the movie, and not for the actors.  The story is a poor excuse for a movie that should have been shown in the first 10 minutes. I just finished watching it, and I saw no more.  My summary is that the movie has nothing to do with reality and nothing to recommend it. It just looks like a bunch of people just made a movie without any knowledge of the real world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I'll say the story of the movie is a complete failure. If you take it as a comedy then it is pretty much a failure. I mean, the whole movie is about this poor kid who comes back from the dead to haunt the world of high school and ruin the dreams of everyone else. He has no real life in his mind.   The movie just turns into a joke at the expense of the audience, the cast, and the writers. This movie is just horrible.  It has no good acting. It has a horrible script.  The whole movie just is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with a friend and after about 10 minutes we just kept silent. The plot is ridiculous, the acting is poor and it's the worst I've ever seen. It really is that bad.   If I haven't seen it by now, it's not worth watching anymore. If you want to watch a good movie, watch The Rookie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's up?   This film is, for the first half, a comedy that really doesn't deserve to be classified as an action movie, as I have a hard time understanding how this film could be classified with the words 'action' and 'comedy'.  The only good thing I can say is that this film is so unbelievably badly directed that it actually resembles the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  The characters are completely flat and the plot has absolutely no life. This movie isn't funny, it's not interesting, it is bad, and I'm surprised that people are going to be entertained by this film.  If you want to see a good comedy I recommend you watch the movie 'My Favorite Martian'.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was the worst film I've ever seen. I've seen a lot of films with worse special effects, but this was beyond bad.  The film was dull, the plot was stupid and the acting was so awful.  I'd like to point out that I was a big fan of the first two films, so I don't know if this is true.  My advice from the bottom of my heart - don't waste your time on this film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say, this was the worst film i've ever seen. The story is very cliched, there are very few scenes that were funny, and the characters are just so cardboard.  In conclusion, if you enjoy watching bad comedies, this is not one to see.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit, the movie had its funny moments, and it was not as funny as I was hoping for. The plot was very predictable, the characters were annoying and the story didn't make sense.  Overall, it wasn't a funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many bad movies and bad acting that it's impossible to even know where to begin with praise.  The plot is predictable, the story is predictable and the whole movie is just plain dumb. The plot has so many unanswered questions and unanswered possibilities that I am unable to even express any opinion of mine.  I gave it a three out of four simply because of the number of possibilities.   The story is bad. It has not one real funny line.  There is no real emotion, no real connection between the characters.  This movie should be removed from the'movies of all time' category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie with a friend of mine, and he couldn't believe that I would rate this movie, as I was trying to enjoy it. The movie was awful, and I was watching it with a bad friend of my, and all we did was laugh and laugh. We just couldn't understand how bad it was, as the movie was full of horrible actors, terrible acting, and horrible plot.  My wife and I saw it just because we didn't understand it, and we saw nothing special, so we just thought it was a waste of time and time.  I'm glad I didn't spend any money on it, because it was fun to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie as bad as "The Rock" was bad. The acting is horrible. The plot is...well...I can't. The movie is just boring and very predictable. I mean....why? Because the movie is, and the songs, are so boring. So...it's kinda like watching a 2 hour video. I was actually in tears after watching this movie. I had to shut my eyes and turn them off because I couldn't stand the crap that I saw....and I was not able to stop watching it.  I mean...this was a very bad movie... I mean..it's not funny. It's not entertaining. I don't even know why I watch such crap, but I do because of the songs. It will make you laugh uncontrollably and I mean it was so stupid that the acting was...so bad I had a bad laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say, this movie was just horrible. It's really nothing special about it, except the acting is bad and the direction is all standard bad acting stuff. The only good movie was the music, which was pretty good. The cinematography was really bad, and the plot was so bad I couldn't even finish watching it. The story was all boring and uninteresting, and I don't think it's the actors that made it, it's just the poor movie makers who put together the movie. It is a waste of time and money.  I really want to say, don't watch this movie, because you will see the same thing again and again. It was funny the first time, but the next time you watch it, you will realize how bad the movie is.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was awful, with the acting, camera work, and plot. The movie starts of well and gets better and better as it goes along, and the story is just there to support the bad acting and camera work.  The ending is the only redeeming feature of the movie, it's not even a funny movie.  I'd like to see something like "The Real World" or "Beverly Hills Cop" where the characters were actually people, not the characters on the show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not just bad, the acting is bad, and the whole plot is weak. It is not even an action movie, just a waste of money.  The director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a failure of the most basic security regs, a predictable plot line, boring camera work and an attempt to make a thriller out of a real estate development in Maryland, which is an interesting idea in itself. The characters are cardboard caricatures of Maryland people in real estate developments, and there are a couple of really interesting performances.  The only interesting part of the film was a short film about a Maryland family that tried to move from Baltimore, and failed at every turn. The film does nothing more than just show a couple people driving around in a car, getting into an argument over a parking space, and then getting into a fight with the neighbor next door. The neighbors ended up dead, but the car was stolen and crashed at the scene of the crime, so the story is not a success.   The last time I heard about this film was on TV, and after watching it, I realized that it was a piece of trash that should not have been made. It's just a poor, uninteresting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would not recommend this movie to anyone.  I don't even know if the script was the best or the worst.  The only thing I could see is if I hadn't been given a decent dose of heroin by my doctor, and if I had been given enough to go through it with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first five minutes of this movie were fun, but it quickly turns into a parody of a poor Hollywood film. The movie's acting is so bad I gave the movie a zero out of ten. The plot is predictable, the humor is bad, the movie is so unoriginal, that you almost feel like you're not even watching the movie, but the movie itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is by far the worst movie ever made.  I could not believe I wasted two hours of my life watching this piece of filth. I was so bored that I tried to fast forward through it as fast as I could. I wanted to turn it off. I got to fast forwarding through about half of the movie.  The other half was unbearable.  This movie is like a "Theater 3000" episode. It was not funny. It wasn't entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. I have never seen anything like it. The acting is horrible, the plot is weak and there is not one believable moment in the whole movie.  If I had a DVD of this movie, I would be giving this movie a zero. I did give this movie one star for being so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The story is non-existant. The characters are not interesting. The cinematography is all grainy. The direction is bad.  This is a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been widely panned as one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and I can't help being surprised by that. The plot is a joke, and the jokes are lame and cheap.  As I sat watching this movie, I kept wondering whether the people involved were serious or serious, and whether this movie was made for laughs or for money.  The story has been repeated, and this time it wasn't funny, it was badly directed, and at the end I couldn't even enjoy it.  If you're hoping for a laugh, go for it. There's a lot of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with a group of 4 friends on a rainy day and was looking forward to seeing it. I didn't expect much but i was in for a surprise.  We sat down for some great laughs and watched it. The film is about a guy who is so obsessed with his dead sister that he wants revenge. The revenge plot is very lame and i felt like i was watching a repeat of a bad horror movie. The movie was so bad i wanted to shut the movie off before it ended. It was very annoying and just plain bad.  It also made the movie seem to be an all time low budget version of the original one. This movie is really dumb and I hope that the movie makers got the money to hire a good director and editor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a female soldier in the war comes to light, but what we see is a mess of unnecessary scenes and characters.   There is an obvious desire to make this movie, because we all know it was directed by Michael Keusch, but he doesn't know how to make a movie with his own unique style and style.  The movie is an embarrassingly bad film.  If you like movies that are badly made and are full of bad editing and terrible characters, then this movie is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this, the first hour of The General is simply awful. The acting is poor and the story is poor. The only real good is the music. I thought it would be something more special.  The General sounds like he is a teenager again. The rest of the movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is not so much a film as a movie. It is a collection of scenes, most of them shot on video, in most cases just for the sake of convenience, but the result is a bad film. The main story is a poor and pathetic excuse for a movie that will never end. There are too many characters in it to list.   The main actors are very uninteresting, not in fact, they are the only ones in the film that are interesting.  The film is dull, boring, uninteresting and boring.  This film is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, but I can't understand how the producers of this movie can make such a movie.  The plot is weak. It is not interesting, the story is stupid and I think that the whole movie is a waste of time. The sound is bad. The direction is amateur.   I will say one more thing, which is that the sound is good, it reminds me of a TV movie from the 40's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is the kind of movie that is so badly made that you cannot believe the person who made it.  The plot of the movie is stupid. The acting is bad, and the story is stupid and boring.  In the end of the film, I had the urge to fast forward to the next scene just to see if it would get any worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only positive comment i could make about this movie was that there were some good performances, which could be described as the following:  1. the acting is terrible and not good. but the film is actually quite interesting.  2. the story is bad. it is not interesting. 3. the special effects are not good at all, and are very cheap to use.  4. the music is not good either.   5. the script is bad and the result is bad too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part is the typical story line of a family wanting to buy a new home and facing the prospect of renovating the family's old home in the neighborhood for a new price.  When the family has a new neighbor in the home, the story gets very tiresome.  This is an old and tired story, with some nice touches.   The characters in this movie were very old. The acting was bad. I would assume that the director wanted to stress that the family was in dire need of care, and that the actors needed the money to get the family on the path to independence.  The movie reminded me of "The General" in that it was a bad, tired movie with a bad ending.  I am sure the real homeowners were happy with the price they were paying, and I'm sure the "new neighbors" were glad they didn't get the money they were promised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film has been a constant and irritating for me. It's like someone wrote a story for the purpose of making it appear interesting, or that it was some brilliant idea.  I don't know why this film was so irritating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought that the TV show was so great you would think that there would be a sequel to it.  Well I didn't think so because there was so much to talk about that I did not know where to begin.  The characters were so stereotyped that I almost expected a plot to develop around them.  I felt like I was watching a sitcom.  This was the biggest disappointment of my film life.    I think that the director should be banned from making any future film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with the lead character getting attacked by a group of four guys and as he runs for his life he gets hit by a brick.  The ending is the same as in the beginning, but it's actually not the same. The plot is just the same, the characters are just bad.  This movie is so bad that I just wanted to punch the DVD player, i can't even recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The plot is poor. The characters are un-real. The story is bad. The editing is poor... The music is bad... I could spend all day watching it. The direction is terrible... The acting... the editing... the music... the camera... The camera...  The entire movie is a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was so bad I decided to take the film to the video store and put it in for a rental. Boy was I surprised when the movie came up for rental.  It's just sooooo predictable and I guess it's best for the people who don't watch movies.  My advice from the bottom of my heart is don't rent this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I've been reading reviews I've seen over the years, I've noticed that people tend to get very negative.  This movie has all the drama and nothing else.  There's nothing shocking about the acting and I've yet to see anything shocking happen in the movie.  I do agree with the other reviewer that there are some very shocking moments in the film.   If I was watching this film as a kid, I would have walked out at the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was supposed to be an action movie about a bunch of guys who get together and kill each other in a night in an old building. This movie was just horrible. The actors played a joke where the main character gets his ass kicked by a couple of drunk idiots. His ass gets kicked so hard he gets a bloody nose, cuts and bruises and a little blood comes out. And the main guy gets his intestines ripped out. I mean, that's how much blood there is in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was the original title?  It was "Maniac: A True Story Of Madness", or something like that. But the script turned out to be just terrible. The movie was boring. The acting was bad. And the whole movie had a terrible soundtrack.   The only funny parts are the opening scene, which features a bunch of people getting drunk and having a good time, and the closing scene, where the drunken people act like they're in a trance, and just act in a weird way.  I've seen a lot of horror movies in my time, but this one doesn't deserve to be called a horror movie. It's just a stupid movie with a bad script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not bad. This is an anti-climax film. The only reason to watch it is if you like watching bad movies. I'm not one to watch when my kids are asleep. I do like the soundtrack though. If the only thing that bothered me was the acting. All the actors except for the one I'm most familiar with, are just bad actors. I think that would be a great thing if they were good actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was really disappointing. I found the movie to be boring, boring and predictable. It has bad acting and bad direction. It is really nothing compared to what we've seen lately. The plot is stupid. It doesn't take long before the ending comes and you know you are going to see something. The movie doesn't have enough surprises and turns into a piece of garbage. There is no development of characters. It's nothing special. The ending was a waste of time and there is nothing in the movie worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two of the "Feminist Revolution" movies were fun, but this is just an excuse to show off some female gymnast (WOW! This is not a real movie, it's a made-for-TV movie.) The female characters were so stereotypical and stereotyped, that I gave it a zero. The male characters were like the same as the female characters, and it made no sense! The whole movie was not interesting at all, and the movie is nothing special about the real feminists, it is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like horror movies, I liked it with the original one, I loved it with this one, but I just can't recommend this one. I found it mildly entertaining and the sound was pretty good, and the acting was bad. It doesn't make sense, the story doesn't follow the plot, the dialogs don't make much sense, and I'm just guessing the director had some good ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke! This movie tries to be a comedy about a group of dysfunctional family members who are all very old! They are all supposed to be funny! The jokes are so old, they don't have much of anything to say!   If this movie is based on actual facts, I'd be very happy to see the facts in a comedy. If you are going to base a movie on actual events, make sure you are accurate.  This was an extremely painful movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete failure. The only good thing I can say is that it did not make me want to see more.  The plot is bad. The acting is bad, the characters are lame, and the movie is not worth watching.  I saw this movie by accident, and it was horrible. I have not seen a bad film that bad actors and bad writing in a long time.  My wife has only seen it once, so I have no idea how she could feel so sick after seeing this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A new movie that stars a man who goes to a beach and tries to save life as he has a family, a friend, and a girlfriend.  The movie is so bad I gave it a 1 only because of the acting of Kenneth Branagh, it was too much to sit through and the story was boring, not funny.  It is really disappointing because this movie was made in a short time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been put on DVD by IMDb so far. The only thing that kept me watching it was that it's been made into a comedy. That really made it all the more painful. The script is crap. The jokes are terrible. And the script is not funny. I mean...you don't have to be a movie critic to be able to laugh at how bad it is. It's bad. It doesn't have much entertainment value. It really is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has to be one of the worst films I have seen. If your expecting to see a cute, but serious film about the human body then look elsewhere.   I was hoping for something a bit more entertaining, but I was extremely disappointed.  If you are expecting to take a serious look at the human digestive system then this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started well. I didn't know if it was going to be a thriller, but I was right. It wasn't.  The plot was very, very bad. The acting was terrible. The ending was very very, extremely rushed, and it ended at the most stupid conclusion I have ever seen.  This was a bad, BAD movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie where the only purpose is to shock you, it would be shocking. However, it was only shocking when the movie was made.   I don't know why I thought this movie was shocking. If you watched it, you wouldn't. You would think that the movie would have been shocking.  The plot was predictable, the acting was poor, and the direction was terrible.  This movie was so bad I had to turn my volume on full blast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As someone who loves horror movies, I think this movie would have been better if it was about the actual monster, not the hero's attempts to appease or appease the monster.  In this movie, we see the hero running from a horde of zombies and then the hero has to run from the horde to get away.  This movie is just not scary and there is not a single scary moment, so you may as well skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, let me say I liked the way that the story line was developed. The characters, especially the main character, had so little personality and it really took away from the movie. The story was predictable, the ending predictable and it made me want to go home and see a good movie.   I rated this movie a '4' for the 'nice' acting. I guess I was expecting too much from the characters.  The movie was 'hollywoodized' and it was definitely not that nice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is horrible.  The acting is awful, the script is lame, the direction is awful.   This is the kind of movie that only gets good after a few minutes.  It's an absolutely terrible movie.  There are dozens of holes in the movie. Some of them are funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very boring, uninvolving, and stupid movie. The story of an old woman getting revenge on her husband by using witchcraft powers is a cliché, and the movie doesn't really make any sense. The script is bad, the acting is bad. It's so bad I couldn't finish watching it. The ending is a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of bad, but it's just so boring that it failed to hold our attention. We just didn't get the jokes.  What's more, I don't understand why the movie is so bitter and bitter. If it was actually about the struggles of the gay community in America, it would be something like this:   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was pretty bad, the characters were not interesting and all seemed to be acting like a bunch of teenagers playing "Scrubs". However, I was really hoping something would happen and then all would be great.  The movie just ended after 30 minutes and after seeing the movie, I felt like I wasted 90 minutes.  There was no real story line and just one boring shot. The cinematography was okay, the lighting was okay and I felt there was not much.   The plot was so bad that I was not even able to finish watching it, the director/cinematographer said it was a "2" and I had to say, "Alright, that was an OK movie."   My rate: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is good, but it can be pretty boring as well. The movie is about a woman that gets lost in a shopping mall and she has to find her way home again. It's the sort of movie that has a plot, and that it will make you feel sick to your stomach.  This movie tries to make up for lost time by constantly repeating the same old quotes that the movie is based on. In this case, they're quotes from other bad movies.   I don't know how this movie survived a few viewings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie as a student and it was disappointing. I can't understand why I went to the movies with other people.   The movie is boring and the acting is bad. I found the movie to be shallow, unemotional and uninspired.  It was really really annoying when I saw it, but I just found it hard to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some good points about this movie. Firstly, I have to say that there are some points which are a bit hard to understand and that are a little hard to explain... It's kinda weird, but in the end it is a waste of time. The whole movie is like that... a waste.    If you like bad movies... and I don't know why you don't like it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm not one to criticise the story of this film. There are plenty of clichés and obvious 'plot holes' in the story and the characters are one dimensional. I guess if it weren't for the acting I would never have seen it. It's a shame that this was made, I would have never stopped laughing and wondering how poor Peter D'Amato was after this film was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very, very boring film...  I didn't like the way the film was set up. There were too many unnecessary scenes. And the ending didn't work, since there was nothing to build up to.  In the end I felt like I was watching a very bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I understand that the movie was shot in the early 90's, I'm not going to waste much more of my time discussing the story. But, I don't understand how you can tell that a story is "told" in a documentary format. If the movie just repeats the same narration over and over again, it's an indication that there is a filmmaker involved.  The acting was awful, the direction was terrible, and the sound was terrible. The soundtrack was awful and the script was very amateur at best.  If the film had actually taken place, this would have been the result. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I have to admit that the first half of the movie was interesting enough to have made it worth watching. The story is completely one dimensional and the acting is poor, the direction is bad, the cinematography is terrible, the sound is awful, the camera is horrible. The special effects are actually good for the time period.  If you want to watch a good movie about the first nuclear war then watch "The Day After Tomorrow" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's unfortunate that this is the only film in which I have seen Kevin Costner's character in a film role.  This film is the worst film I have ever seen Costner in.  It is also the most disappointing film I've seen Costnner in, but it is not funny.  The film is so bad I'm glad I wasted 2 hours of my life watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First, the plot summary is the only comment I can muster, and that's it. The other reviews are more to the point. The movie is a bunch of incoherent ideas, which is really a shame, because it is so boring I'm glad I stayed to the end. It's like a train wreck.  There are some really funny parts, like the part where they are in the middle of the desert looking for something to eat, and the one where they sleep in the same tent together and decide to have sex...  Oh, and I'd like to point out that there is one interesting bit in the entire movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete failure. The whole movie was a big pile of crap. It has a bunch of funny quotes from other movie. And no, it is not "The Dead Code", it is the worst movie of all time.  I hope the people who made this movie realize they are so unoriginal people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is so bad it is bad that I am surprised to write this review.  The story was not interesting. The characters were so one dimensional that you could not care less about them.  This movie is about a couple that is getting drunk at a party and decide to go back to their hotel room to have some fun. So they start throwing stuff at each other and try to take turns, one after the other, hitting each other with bottles full of liquor. And the worst part is that you can tell who is going to end up dead by the next morning.   I am not one to be harsh but the movie was so bad I thought I would have to go and give the 1 star for it's rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that will probably make you want to grab your buddies and go out with them to see it because you would be sorely mistaken. This movie is very, very, incredibly bad.  The acting is bad, the dialog is terrible and the story is lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times and I still don't know why I didn't hate it as much as I did, but I don't think I can remember. Maybe I am just a dinosaur?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I am really not sure how this movie managed to get made, because the acting is bad and the writing is poor. The movie is not funny, the plot is stupid and the story is so predictable that you are actually sick of it. If you enjoy movies that are not very funny, you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a certain formula to be followed in making a horror movie. It's either got to be absolutely horrendous, or a great masterpiece. This movie is not just terrible, it's just bad.  If you like watching movies with a killer in a Scream-ripoff mask running around killing people, or with a Scream rip-off mask killing people with a flashlight, then you'll love this movie.  The plot is really bad. I mean really bad, it has the standard Scream style with lots of gory, and a lot of violence.  Some good gory scenes, but I guess if you are looking for a Scream type movie, this is not it.   The acting is the only reason that this movie has a rating of 5/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What can I say? My wife and I went into this movie expecting it to be a good film but was really let down. The acting was bad, the story was very, very very silly. I think the guy who played Mr. Peepers in the movie should be in jail. I do not know if this was a smart movie or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this movie is a very disappointing one. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, the script is bad and the result is horrible. The ending is a let down, and I'm not even gonna give it away, because I don't want to give anything away.  It doesn't add up, it's like a 3D version of a very good movie, except the 3D was much more polished. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just horrible. The plot was terrible, the pacing was horrible and the ending was a joke.  The acting was terrible. The script was awful, the jokes just flat out sucked.  This was possibly the worst movie I've seen. The movie is, without a doubt, the worst horror movie I have ever seen.   Please spare yourself this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie with a group of 4,5 people and the movie was awful. The only person who liked it was a 14 year old boy. The other 3 people thought it was cute and were very disappointed.  I don't know if the director was serious about making this movie, but he sure didn't look interested in making the next movie.  This movie is so bad it's funny and I recommend you don't waste your time with this movie. This is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful, really bad. It was just not funny, but it was just bad. The acting is terrible. The plot is horrible. The special effects are so fake, and just to mention that the sound is not that of a real movie. I think this movie should have been a joke.  The only good part is that the movie is way too noisy.  If you want to watch a good movie, this is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a pathetic rip-off of `Beau travail' (1982). There is no real plot, and the story is very very thin. A lot of the film was shot in the woods and there is a lot of grainy footage. There is not much action, so there is no need to make the film into a `B' movie, but it is still boring and useless.  The movie is not worth a rating for the hardcore movie fans. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is just a pathetic movie with terrible acting, terrible special effects, and no real plot, and the plot is just not realistic and it is just bad, plain bad.  The movie is so bad I cannot believe I wasted time on it. I am ashamed of the wasted time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't that bad, I mean the characters are all the same, and not to mention that it isn't really all that bad. It has nothing, and I mean nothing. I mean, a lot of bad characters and actors and stuff in this movie are acting as if they are in a coma. The plot is all there, and this movie could have been much much better, but the editing is awful. The movie is not funny. I swear, the only funny parts are when the characters talk to each other in the dream. This movie is a waste of time. I'm just going to recommend people not waste their time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought the movie was bad, you would have to admit that the film wasn't. It was a horrible movie that would probably have made a great deal of money if it was made in the 80's. The movie is full of boring and flat out boring action scenes. The special effects are so bad that it makes you wonder what the makers of the movie were thinking. The direction was bad and I found myself questioning what was the purpose of the entire movie. It really doesn't make any sense and the direction makes no sense at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie was a big waste. The story is predictable. There were a few nice moments but no special effects or special FX.  The movie was just terrible. I mean come on. I have seen bad movies and this was really really bad.  I'm really surprised that this movie got such rave reviews.  This movie was so bad I wanted to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with my girlfriend (whom I work in the film industry) who was bored with a bad script, so we decided to watch it. The script was so bad, and the story seemed to have no real story, just some random stuff in it for the heck of it.  So we sat there and just couldn't get bored. The characters are so stupid, I don't know how people can sit through it and think it's entertaining. It is the worst movie I have ever seen.  It is just a waste of film. I will never get that sick of a film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the sort of movie that should never have been made.  This is an incredibly low-budget movie that was made in a week and has been shot for days without a care in the world.  The acting is horrible.   The plot is a non-story, the camera is terrible, and the story is so bad it is good to see it all in one place and laugh at how bad it all is.  I don't know if this movie deserves a rating or not, I guess I'll have to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has to be the worst movie I've ever seen. I was very disappointed with the first half of the movie, and I was angry at the ending. I really don't know what kind of movie this was. I thought the movie was very boring. I think it was more boring than The Bourne Ultimatum.  The story is not that special, but the movie is very disappointing.  If you like Bourne, then I think you will like this movie.   I give this a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If this movie was made in 1990, it would be a serious drama about the treatment of mentally handicapped people. It would probably be a decent movie, but not so.  I found myself in a mental ward, with people that are mentally handicap, and I could even find myself sitting in a chair that was not designed for disabled people.  What's the deal with this movie?  I'm going to tell you the truth, I'm just going to say, 'I hate movies that try to tell the real story of mentally disabled people and how they are treated when they're put on this ward.  This movie is nothing more than a sad and boring movie, that's all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that was entertaining was the acting of Dafoe, who tried hard, and who was not good at all. The story was weak and could have been easily told by a 2 year old. I found myself disliking it a little bit and decided to watch the movie with the kids.  If you want to watch a good movie, and have the kids, go ahead, but don't expect much from Dafoes acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad I've seen my wife turn the DVD player off and get annoyed by it. And the rest of us... well, let's just say the ending was really awful.  The acting is bad and the story is bad. I mean it was so bad... I couldn't even believe it was a movie... And I really can't think of any other movie where the main characters are so... normal.  I've gone through all the bad movies but this one really sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've watched this movie about 5 years ago. It is so bad, and is just so bad I stopped watching after 20 minutes. It's bad acting, bad script, bad music, and just plain boring. The story is crap, and I have to give up on this movie, because the whole movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like seeing people get tortured by torture and abuse, then this is the movie for you.  The movie was boring, pointless, and boring.  It tries to be serious, and just ended up being a pathetic mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I am surprised! A lot of people in the west are familiar with this movie, and I must say it is very very dull, amateurish and stupid. It is nothing special about it, I mean nothing at all. All it has is a cheap sound track and a cheap camera-work and the occasional plot. I know this is the kind of movie where you cant even tell who is doing it, or what the purpose of the movie is. It feels more like a bunch of friends made a movie together for a sleep-over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie was good. The plot was interesting, but not good.  The movie is not interesting at all, and the characters are dull. It is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The idea of a movie about a group of bickering teens that end up in the hospital is not a good idea. But the movie is so bad, that you can't even feel sorry for it. The only highlight is the music, which is pretty pointless, and the plot, which was predictable and nothing new.  It would have been nice if the plot had been fresh, and a bit more interesting, and it would have made it better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of 4-yr-old children (the mother is played by Amanda Peet) are all in the house when a strange and sinister entity (the father is played as a child) enters the home and murders all 4 of the children.  The mother is killed by the entity, which escapes and kills her and the 3 other children. The mother escapes and hides out in a small town, and there she meets with a police officer (Robert Duvall) and offers her assistance in finding the killer.  There is also an odd and very odd dream sequence, which leads to a bizarre nightmare sequence that will eventually lead to the bizarre and inexplicable death of the mother and the three other children (Robert and Amanda are never seen again in the movie).  All of these things happen at the end of the movie, leaving the movie with the conclusion that there was a dream sequence that somehow made the whole movie a reality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a rip off of the "Titanic" series of books written by James T. Flocker.  The movie was made for a hell of a lot of money, and the budget is nothing short of bad.  I would like to see a lot more of the story.   The cast is bad, the script is bad and the special effects are terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read the reviews before watching this and was surprised at how many people actually liked it.  My wife and I had to leave the movie in the car when we saw it and have had to wait at the end to be completely amazed. We actually had to get out and walk down the aisle of stores and talk to people about it. A lot of people walked away from the movie saying it was a good movie and I don't know if the movie played better to people who didn't like the movie or those who didn'nt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I like the title, "The Devil Dog". It's a great title for a movie.  My main complaint with this movie is that there are a lot of very bad actors in it. The story itself is bad, but it's bad with a bad script.  Don't waste your time on this movie. It has bad acting and a bad plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very disappointed with this movie and I am surprised that it got the same rating of 6.4 on here. It is the worst movie I have ever seen and I don't recommend it to anyone, unless you like watching a very boring movie with the same characters over and over again. The story is very uninteresting, the acting is bad, the script is poor and there is no reason to this movie.  If you are looking for a boring movie, you should take a look at the movie "O'Brien's Gold" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts off with a nice opening and some scenes and I really didn't expect much from the film. I did however, enjoy a few scenes and after the first half hour I really started to get frustrated by the endless, pointless plot.  I did enjoy the final chase scene which had a nice ending and seemed to be trying to make it all better.  This movie has some nice moments and the movie isn't terrible, but for the most part I really wanted to see something else.   I'd say the only good thing I can say is I wish I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very surprised and disappointed by this film. I have seen a lot of bad horror films and I don't understand why this one is any different. It's so bad it's good. It doesn't add anything new. It just seems to be another recycled horror film with a few new things thrown in. This movie isn't even the worst horror film I've ever seen. It was bad. I mean, come on! How did this ever get made? I don´t know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a terrible movie this movie was. It's just an hour and a half movie. There was no suspense, no action, and the ending was the worst movie i've seen in the last decade.  I am truly shocked at the way this movie tries to do something serious. Instead of focusing on the real story, it focuses on a completely fake story.  The acting was awful. The director should be ashamed. The writer should be embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is pretty bad. The plot is weak, and the only good thing about this movie was a pretty funny scene where a doctor gives a diagnosis of the terminal illness of a woman who has lost her husband to cancer and is now desperate for her life to end. The acting was terrible. The special effects were bad.  The last hour of the movie was just plain dumb. I mean, really, really bad. I can't recommend this movie to anyone, even if you want to laugh at the doctor and see the funny scene. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical low budget horror film. In addition to the usual blood and gore, the budget is slashed to almost nothing, the sound is awful, and the special effects are pretty bad. I am not kidding.  This movie is a bad mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie with my wife and we found ourselves getting tired of watching it, so we turned it off one night and left. I don't know what the director was thinking. I guess he must've needed to shoot some of his own scenes to make this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film when I was 14 and I have to say that the director, James B. Flocker (I think he spelled that right, although he spelled "biblical" for me) tried too hard to have it look "accidental" (as it would have to be for the story to be so bad and yet be so predictable). The plot is predictable. It is predictable that when a film is this badly done that it is either a good movie or a god-awful movie. I know the difference between a good film and a god awful movie.  The end is really lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has been a very slow build up to this movie and a few people actually liked it. However, it was a very very unqiue film and there were very few funny jokes in it. The main actor in the movie was very irritating and the movie seemed to go no where. The director seemed to be on some medication and had a good time. I thought it would be a good film for the summer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am normally very happy film lovers. I have seen a lot of really bad films, and this one is by far the worst I have ever seen. There is not one moment that I felt like watching something else, but the whole movie was awful. This is not even a movie, it is a movie that is very bad, I am very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I think I have to be happy with it... I was looking for something more interesting... and what I got was a movie about a group of people, one that looks like a bunch of friends, that just sits around and talks about this and that and this. This movie was horrible! It is so un-funny, the story was so uninteresting, and the performances were awful!  I wish I could! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of two scientists who are stuck with the task of finding the lost love of their childhood, is a tired one. The two scientists, in their late sixties, have finally got a chance to get their life together in a more exciting way.  This is the movie that you have to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was interesting as the movie seemed to be trying something different and different, and then there were two very funny parts. The first was a very long, boring movie. The second was a really corny story, where the characters tried to explain some of the things they believed to be God's message to the audience. In both cases, it was very silly.  There are some parts that were funny, and I guess that is intentional. There were times that were just silly. The movie had very few laughs.   Overall, it just seemed like the movie was too long. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is nothing more than a cheap rip off of "Somewhere In Time" and "Papillon", two other bad sci-fi thrillers with a similar theme.  The movie is about a group of scientists who are trying to solve a mystery, which involves the use of a massive computer that can manipulate time.  Unfortunately, the computer is not the best at doing this; the scientists in the movie are so dumb that it is impossible to even perceive their stupidity, and the movie is just bad.  Even though I am a big sci-Fi buff, I think this movie is a complete failure, and should not have been made.   I'm surprised that anyone could actually make a movie like this.  I mean, the plot is, well, you know.  If you want a movie with a good plot, good acting, and great special effects, this movie isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.85:1   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I could watch this was because of the acting, script, direction, cinematography, etc. It is so bad, it is embarrassing. It does not make sense! If you are hoping for an amusing watch of a funny movie this is not it. If you want to laugh and enjoy a funny watch "The Grudge" - this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was bad and predictable, and the only real surprise was the way it ended! There was no real conclusion. There was just a few surprises and a lot of things just went wrong.   The acting was bad. It was mediocre. The story is poor. The ending is non-excellent. The direction was poor.  It wasn't a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was made in 1990, and it was released to coincide with the start of the Space Race, a fictional program to put a man on the moon. The story is stupid and uninteresting, and the movie is about a woman who wants to go to the moon to get a job, so she goes to a place called Apollo 11 to get some job experience, and she ends up falling in with a group of astronauts who are planning a mission to Saturn to visit the planet. The two lead actors have no acting ability at all, and their roles are filled with clichés, and a woman falls in love with the astronauts.  The movie doesn't make up for the lack of story by simply running out of space and not coming back to the earth. I mean, come on, when a man goes to the space program, it makes a difference whether or not he goes for his experience, or for some fun. And when a woman is forced to go on a date with an astronaut, she is really going to think "Why would I go out with a guy who can't stand to be kissed by a guy? It just seems ridiculous".  There are several times in the movie where the characters have to make stupid decisions and end up in situations that are so ridiculous, I mean "WTF?".  My advice to anyone who is going to see this movie is "just don't watch it." The only redeeming thing about the movie are the good performances of the lead actors, and they don't really help the movie much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The story was silly. The movie was predictable. The characters were all flat and annoying. The plot was all about the same. The whole movie reminds me of a bad episode of "The Dukes of Hazzard" where everyone is supposed to act like this:   "I don't know what I did watching this."   This was not funny. The humor was corny. The script was poor. The jokes were bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said before, that this was a typical B-movie from a few years back, when it was released. That is certainly not true, but it isn't bad at all. There are some really good movies, but this was all a let down. The story was poor and the special effects were not great, but the movie was a big disappointment.  The movie wasn't interesting at all, it was not that bad. The script was weak, the direction was not interesting, the directing was not good.  In conclusion, don't waste your time on this one. It was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was the worst movie I've ever seen. It had nothing new,nothing special. The movie is boring,boring and pointless.It's not funny. It's not interesting,not interesting at all,not funny,not entertaining at all. The only thing that made the movie was seeing the actors doing stupid,unintentional and not interesting things.  The main problem with this movie is that it's really really a big waste of time. The actors are all good except for the guy who played the main character, he really didn't even look funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I will say about this movie is that it was badly directed. It was not well done. I mean, the movie is not even bad. I don't know how you can make a movie that is so bad it's good. The movie had the same plot as "The Sixth Sense", except for the acting. It is not funny.  I watched the movie because I thought it was interesting, but it wasn't. I have never seen a movie where the movie has the same plots as this movie. I could watch the movie again and again, and the same time I will still find the jokes.  This movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, when I rented this movie, I thought it was going to be a great, if a great movie. I got so wrong. It's a bad script, a poor directing, terrible cinematography, bad actors, no great production. I was waiting for the end credits to roll and I saw it. The story was the worst thing I've seen and I don't think I can call this movie a masterpiece of a movie.  I can't think of any other movie I've ever seen that was worse than this movie. The director should be forced to put this movie on a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like Lordi, then this movie is for you!  In a way, the movie reminds me of Lordi's 'The Great Race', which is a film that is trying to tell a story. It's a bad film, and if you don't think that the movie is trying too hard, you are a better person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe I wasted more time than I did on this one. It was a terrible movie.  The movie wasn't funny. It wasn't interesting, and it wasn't even interesting.  There is only one good joke in the whole movie. That's the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems like the movie is nothing more than an exercise in self-indulgence, with nothing more interesting than a poorly directed, low budget film that does nothing more. The only thing that could have saved this from being a movie is if someone had actually told the director and crew that they should have stayed home and made a great film. I guess the money is too tight and the director just couldn't see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good thing is that I do not like the idea of a female superhero. It is something that should not have happened. The whole premise is a joke. The movie is a waste of time.  I would like to see this movie and see the girl in it as well as the guy who played her and his friend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a piece of crap that I am ashamed to have seen. The acting was bad, the story was bad and the direction was terrible. The movie is just bad and should be removed from IMDb. I can't even write this review due to the script. I'm just surprised that this movie has only a few views and no comments. It's not even worth commenting.  I don't understand how this got a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of the acting is bad, the plot is weak, the story is incoherent, and the result is not so much that I could enjoy this movie. The cast was horrible and the ending was bad. I do not recommend this movie to anybody, and I recommend that no one should waste their time on this movie... I am giving it a 4 because of the actors involved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my friend on his way to get groceries at Walmart. We thought it was a good comedy, but we were wrong.  I've seen it twice, and I've come to the conclusion that it was probably one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The humor was juvenile and the writing was pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the movie was... I'm a HUGE Adam Sandler fan, and his films are the only thing I don't enjoy. In the movie, he talks about how he doesn't care for his fans, and the only reason he's in prison is because of them. This movie is not funny, and is extremely bad. Sandler should be ashamed of himself for making this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just bad trash. If you want to watch a funny, yet extremely fake movie, watch "The Incredible Strange Film Show."  This show is just pathetic and stupid. There's absolutely no reason why they bothered to make this movie. It just looks like they were having fun.  I watched this movie in my living room with my girlfriend and her friends, and we were laughing so hard our health increased. The acting was terrible.  It looked like a real waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A woman kills a child in her bathhouse by crushing a ceramic vase. A woman then kills her next door neighbor and is killed by the force of the vase's crushing action.  A local doctor, who treats the victims, is then blamed for the deaths.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that a bunch of overpaid actors in a small Mexican village could have produced a masterpiece of such poor taste is preposterous. There are few laughs in the entire movie. The whole movie is filled with meaningless jokes. It is not funny.  The only good parts are the beginning and the end credits at the beginning, the acting of one Mexican citizen who is supposed to be an actor, and the music.  Overall, this is not worth a rental, especially considering that it was made for TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the characters are unsympathetic, and are more like caricatures of various types of characters that do not know the first thing about the world (which, by the way, does not explain anything). It is as if the director/writer wanted to make the movie in a way that it would appeal to the average moviegoer.  It is a waste of time, and an extremely boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a promising beginning, and a good deal of the dialogue is good. The plot is weak, and the script is good, and in the end it seems more like an outline than a script. This is also the reason why it wasn't so powerful when it first came out, because the director and star are both great actors.   In the first 15 minutes, you have a good time watching the movie. It is a very strange and over saturated movie, but by the time it is over, you are not able to take your eyes off the screen, and you do not know what happened!  The plot of the movie, if you ask me, is not original. It has a few good points, but they are not worth mentioning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning of the movie, a reporter is reporting on the plight of a family in need of help. His story is not very good as the family has a daughter who needs to see a specialist and is taking her daughter to see her specialist. The mother, a nurse who is very much in need, takes her daughter into a room in the house with a family friend.  As she is sitting there and has been there all the time, the mother starts talking about this. What a waste.    The mother tells the reporter that she has never used a phone in her life. She does not have a clue how to use a phone, even though she has a great knowledge of all the functions of the phone.  The reporter asks the mother what is wrong with her daughter. She informs the reporter and the reporter then leaves.  I was not able to watch the entire movie because it was too long and I do not want to ruin the story for anyone else. I would like to know why this reporter took a piece of paper and taped it off the mother's mouth to ruin her daughter's reputation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why people are still reviewing this film. It's been said before, but I've yet to see anyone with a brain cell to say how they can't give it a score of 1 or 2.  If I hadn't been so blinded by the lack of dialogue and plot summaries that I'd be out of the house crying and wondering what the "plot" was. The movie is a stilted mess.   It's sad that so much talent like this is wasted.  The only way I can see this is if the people who made this movie never saw the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like bad action, this movie is for you. The plot is very weak and the movie is full of terrible acting, the story is uninspiring and just plain bad. The only thing that kept me watching was seeing how much of my paycheck went to fund this movie. It had one funny scene. I mean it was that lame.  I guess you could say it was my time to get out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is one big hack and should be avoided like the plague. It has bad actors and is very, very bad, and you know the rest. I found the movie boring and pointless.   One thing that kept me watching it was how utterly unbelievable it was. It's a shame that this movie has nothing good to say about it, because the rest of the movie just seems to be... boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main problem with this movie is that it is a poor remake of an excellent remake of "Gone With The Wind" with different actors and the same script, the same camera-work, the identical lighting and everything.   And that's it.  What can you say?  The only reason to watch it is for the scenery. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie over the last couple of days and I thought it was pretty bad.  I would like to know what was going on in the beginning with the main character and why the hell they were getting married.   If anyone has the time, I would really appreciate a little more insight into the main characters' lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have watched the movie, you will know that this was a terrible film. It is not funny, not interesting, and it is not interesting to anyone who has not seen the movie. The only reason why this movie should have been watched is if you have to admit that it is an incredibly stupid movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has all the qualities of being a film I've seen - it's predictable, it has boring cinematography and a lack of suspense. I think this film is the worst film I have ever seen in my life. I saw it on TV one day and I was stunned.  My roommate had no idea how I could believe that this was a good film and I tried to convince him it wasn't. He was horrified and actually came to me and said "I saw it all in one day. I've never seen anything like this before. It was so unbelievable.  I don't understand why it's so popular. Why is this film so hard to find? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene starts with a guy getting shot. This is followed by some sort of chase. It ends with the guy getting run over by a train. The chase is the first sign of any interest.  The script is poor. It's not funny at all, the chase is uninteresting, the plot is weak and the ending comes as an afterthought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has some good moments. The acting is poor and the plot is poor. The cinematography is poor as well. The music is not good at all.  There are too many unnecessary scenes and they do not work.  Overall, the movie is a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the beginning of the movie and I had to leave after 10 minutes because I just couldn't take it any more. The plot was stupid and the characters were all one-dimensional.  I guess I expected it to be a great movie because it had good actors and good direction, but wow, the movie just failed on every level.  It just doesn't make any sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a major disappointment from me and the other viewers. The acting is bad, the script is stupid, and the direction is not very good at all.  The only good thing is the fact that the "good" guys won. But I think that is all that matters in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is about a woman that finds herself in the middle of a relationship with a serial killer.  The movie doesn't make much sense at all. There is no real relationship development, the movie just has random flashbacks.  All of the characters are so one dimensional and not well written that it's impossible to really care about them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title implies, I found the movie pretty boring and uninteresting and did not try to convince me. I am a huge fan of B movies and I think this is one of the worst. The story of a woman trying to get her life together after the death of her husband and his friends in a plane crash with her new found brother is totally unbelievable and is just plain ridiculous. It could have been a great B movie if they had done something more exciting like a movie about the relationship between the mother and the son, not this lame attempt at a B movie. I can't even understand why I sat through it. I did enjoy the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a big, bad, BAD movie, but with a really terrible script, and not funny. It's boring, illogical, badly directed, and is, unfortunately, not funny at all.  Don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book first and I loved the book, but the movie was terrible. The first thing I noticed about the movie is the acting. There was no chemistry among the actors. It seemed as though it was written by a couple of friends with no real passion for the characters.  The plot is very cliché, but I don't know if I would really call it a plot. The characters were too wooden, the actors were too cardboard and just not realistic.  I think this movie could have a lot better story, it is really really very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason to watch this film is the "Gloria" theme. In fact, I find it a shame that there was such a long time before it's release (1996).  This is another "Woodstock"-type of situation, where there's a small number of people left and no one wants to take responsibility for anything. The blame is with the director's inability to get a script that works. It's like a movie where everyone is just left to fend for themselves.  I don't understand how someone could make this type of film. It only gets a 1 or 2 out of 10, and this is really only because I have a bad taste in movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't see why I didn't like this movie when I first saw it, and I was surprised that a person from the audience would come up and tell me this was their first time seeing it.  The plot is a joke, and the humor is a stilted and forced one. The only funny parts of the movie were the parts that had no relation to the real life story of the people that had nothing to do with the real story.  If this movie was really bad, I would be very happy to watch it, but if I really thought that the real people in the movie didn't act like real people, I might like it. If they had acted like real human beings, I wouldn't have been happy with the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a bad attempt to prove that he is the real King, The General takes a crap out of the big boy and doesn't even attempt to give a proper answer. His explanation of how his life became Hell is completely unbelievable. In a previous comment, I pointed out that The General was never shown to fight for himself, as a King, or even to save his own life as a general. He doesn't mention that in this film.  The General is an idiot, a complete waste of his life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a terrible movie that just doesn't have good story, but just lacks imagination. The script is poor and the dialog is terrible.  The actors are awful and the story just doesn;t work. The film is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a pathetic movie... I am going to read some reviews and give my opinion about them, but I found this film quite boring. It starts with a plot that makes me believe that there is actually a doctor, who can cure people who have terminal illnesses, who is offering these people money to live in the hospital with him. The doctor has some special equipment that can cure the patients. So he gives the patient a treatment that causes them to live as normal as possible.  There are many other plot holes in this movie. The movie is a collection of bad acting, a bad plot and a bad ending.  I do think that the movie was boring, and that it could have made a much better movie if it had spent more time on developing and making the plot interesting. The ending was not very good, but that is too bad that it is not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film is "The Lost World" and it's quite possibly one of the worst movies ever. I saw it with some friends on a night out and we sat in the cinema watching it, even though we are trained to ignore such trash, as it's bad. It was not funny at all. We kept laughing at the screen, and we were the only ones who saw the film.  What the hell is this? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really, really terrible. The acting is so bad, that it's really not even bad in the same way as this movie.  I'm really surprised how this movie ranks a rating on IMDb.  The plot is bad, the characters are weak and the story is predictable. It's really really sad that there are people out there who saw this movie, and that's why this movie is so terrible.  It's sad that I spent money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film on the night of the release, and I can honestly say that I don't understand.   I mean, when you get into this film, what do you do? Do you go with the flow and try to figure out every little piece of trivia, or do you just stare at your screen, and try not to pay attention?  The answer is, of course, to try to pay a visit to your local library.  It's not even the acting that's bad. The film is a mess of clichés and bad, bad, worst.  This is the kind of film that only gets bad for the fact that the director's name is Akshaye. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some really bad movies that have crossed the line between humor and gross, but this was just a big joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the credits rolled, we got this:    A woman (Mia) kills her 4-year-old daughter (Kerrigan) with an ax.  The girl's mother (Lahr) wants revenge on the killer, and kills herself in a fit of rage.  Later, we find out Kerrigan's husband (Dillon) is the killer's father (Kerr). The husband also has a history of killing people (usually women).  The film tries very hard to be gruesome, and fails miserably.   In addition to the gore, the gore effects look really fake. There are lots of blurry camera movements and blurry close ups, but it all looks like they are trying to recreate the effect of a horror film.  It is very obvious the film has nothing to offer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was weak and didn't have any of the sparkles that I've come to expect from a Hollywood movie. It is interesting to see how the two leads were able to play such a role in such a bad film. The two leads played very well together. They were very wooden and I felt like I was watching two very average movies with a lot of the same plot and nothing new.  The acting was very poor and the direction was poor. The only good parts were the acting of the two actors and the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very bored with this film, so I watched it and soon I got bored.  Then, I remembered watching the movie in the beginning and it had a lot of violence and a lot, and the only thing that made me laugh in this movie was the beginning.   So, I decided to go to the video store and get this movie for my friends.  This movie was so terrible. I have to say that I couldn't even laugh out loud! The acting was bad. The story was not funny, and not at all original. I guess, I don't know.  I did laugh out for about 2 minutes and I got more bored watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has one of the worst endings I have ever seen...  A couple of guys walk into a bar...  One of the drunk guys is a very good actor and decides to try his luck in front of the camera...   Another guy is a great comedian and he decides to join in.   The whole film is a bunch of unfunny jokes that really don't make much sense.  The ending is just the same as the rest of the movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started out with a bang. It had an interesting premise, with a few good points and an interesting idea. I think the premise was good, and it made the movie better. The movie was flat, unemotional and boring, and there was nothing exciting to watch. The director did a good job of blending in a bunch of different ideas, and at times it looked like he was trying to show a bunch different things. The cast was not all that good, with some good performances, the script was bad, and the direction didn't make up for the actors.  The director should take a page out of his book and learn how to work with interesting stories and stories.  I don't think this movie deserves a rating, as the movie is not bad, but I am surprised that there is only one other person who rated this movie. I thought the movie was interesting enough, and I hope that a sequel will come soon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of four students, the four students that got together to form the film, and some friends decide to take a road trip on their own and spend the night at a local bar. After a short time, one of the friends decides that the group has made enough alcohol for one night. So, he decides to take one last drink.  Now the four friends have to get a ride home. One of them, however, is a cop.  The film has the cop chasing the four, which means that they are running for their lives and the cop is chasing them because he knows that he can't catch them.   The ending is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be boring and unimaginative, so I decided to check out the first one instead. I have to say I really found this to be the worst movie I have ever seen. It isn't funny. It wasn't interesting, either.  It was a bad film. I found it just plain boring and had no interesting characters or plot.  The only redeeming factor in this film was the fact that it was shot in such poor quality that it left out a lot of important detail.  I just think that you have to really be a real person to find anything redeeming about this movie. It was all crap.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a HUGE Adam Sandler fan! But what a disappointment! I have to be honest. I think the originality of the movie is the best.  The script was really bad and the humor was just plain bad. I could even see the "good" humor coming from the actors. It was not funny at all.  It was just really a sad movie. The best part was the movie. It could have been a great masterpiece.  I would have really liked to see Adam Sandlers in the movie again.   This movie is not even worth 1 star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little more than an hour has passed and I'm just waiting for it to get better, I'm getting annoyed with the lack of suspense, but the movie doesn't get any better after half an hour. It is a very bad movie that doesn't make a lot of sense and the whole thing is very confusing.  The story is just horrible, I mean I think it is just the most boring movie ever made.  Don't watch this unless you are a big fan of bad movies, or really, really don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was a huge disappointment from the trailer, and I couldn't really understand why the director chose to do this film.  The film started out good, I thought it was going to be a very dark, and dark and serious film, and was so disappointed I went into it with low expectations.  Now the film is very dark and has been completely uninteresting, the acting is horrible, and the story is incoherent and boring.  I thought the trailer was great, I couldn the movie in the trailer I thought this was the worst trailer I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning it was all cute and I think it was a cute show, and I love that show. I would watch it every week for the show and I would make sure I did not pay for it.  This movie had nothing to recommend. I mean, it was not funny, the script was not creative, and the show was very tawdry. It was all just a waste of my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title should have given me some clues to what I was looking for - it was a remake of an old 60's TV show, The Dandy Warhols, that aired in the UK in 1974. I am really surprised to find that it was in the title of the film!  The plot was very weak, very boring, and the acting was awful. It is a shame that there were so many different actors and characters, because there was no chemistry between them.   The cinematography was OK, the camera work was good, but the story was so weak that it failed to bring out the real feeling of the story.  This is a very poor film, I can't recommend it to anyone because the title is a spoiler. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the film is based on the book, and is very predictable and boring. It is a bad film that is made for kids. I mean...it was a terrible film. It wasn't funny, but boring. The story was about the little town of Haddonfield, which is about a kid's dream of becoming a wrestler and his life of getting in fights with people. He was constantly knocked out.  The acting was awful. The actors played so many stupid roles and didn't even act well at all. The script was bad and the story was...  The only thing that made me laugh was the ending. It was the end of the movie, not the movie.  If you have any feeling of humor at all, this film is a waste of time. I really hope that this movie is the last nail in the coffin of this terrible film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made this movie a success was the performances of the actors. I can't imagine the guy who did the original cartoon ever feeling so unsatisfied with his work, and he probably never would have been allowed to do this movie again. It's just too bad the guy is in charge, it's really a pity he isn't a complete hack, but he should have made the cartoons more enjoyable.  If the guy had a good sense of humour and was in a better mood, I'm sure he would have pulled off a better cartoon, and it would have had a lot more entertainment value.  The animation is pretty average, but the animation itself is the worst thing about this movie. I'm surprised that it got a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character of this film is a man named Mike, who is planning on a big heist and who comes across some other muggers and asks them to join in. Mike is told that if he does not join the gang then he will be shot.  After Mike joins the gang, they have a turf fight with the local sheriff who tries to stop them. When the sheriff is killed, Mike and his gang is at the hospital with his head having gotten cut off by a machete.  They are told that his wife has died.   Now they must find his wife and find a way to get the money to get Mike out of the hospital.  This movie was very bad and I have to say that I am very surprised at how bad it was.  I give it a rating of 1/10, and would have given it a more realistic rating if I had known this was for a low budget movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a bad film!  The thing is, this film is so extremely crappy that I could have made a better film with better cinematography and a better script. The thing that makes this film bad is that it is completely predictable.  This film is a waste of time and could have been much better.  I am really surprised to see how people could be so cruel to watch a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie was, I had never heard of this movie before. I think the only reason I watched this movie is because I am a bad IMDb user and I saw the movie. I was so bored that I turned it off at the end, just to have something to do with my life.  I do not know if this movie was good, the actors were bad, the directing was bad, or just the plot. I honestly think I have never seen a movie like this. The story was bad and the acting was bad. The direction was bad for the first time, and the story was weak and unoriginal. I hope I never watch a movie made in this movie ever again.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're reading this review for the hell of it, please do yourself a favor and just skip this one.  It's not that bad, but for a guy that didn't know the first ten minutes of this film, it was bad.   The acting is bad, the story is bad and the whole film is a big let down.  I was kind of excited about watching this film until I saw the credits. It looked like a good movie, and I don't think I would've been happier if I'd watched it with my kids.  The ending was kinda good, and the film looked like it was going to be great.  This film is really the only good part of the whole dreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was very poor, the story very boring and the ending didn't make much sense at all.  The ending is the only thing worth the time it would take to get through it all. I'm not sure how this could have been any better than it was.  If your going to watch this movie, don't, and do some research on it, it would be better if you had the decency to write a plot summary instead of a film summary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a nutshell, a movie is a collection of a few actors in a movie together in the same movie with the same story. The movie is bad in the first hour or so and the only real scary thing is that a few of the other actors can act and they actually do. This is a real shame because this is a bad script. I had to rewind the video a few times to really watch how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had some promise. But it was so bad, so badly done, that it's really just not bad. And even though the actors are good, you know the movie's going to end because the story has been turned upside down. This is one of those movies that you watch in the beginning and then you get freaked out by the ending. And you're freaked by the fact that you have no idea what's going on.  The ending is just the most anticlimactic I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one big farce, the plot has been set, it's obvious that someone is making this, but it's just the same old shtick, there's nothing new, it makes no sense, no development, it isn't even interesting, I've said it before, but I never noticed it until I've seen it.  Now, if you're a fan of Shrek, you'll see what I mean. But if you want a fun movie, a good one, watch Shrek 2: Summer in Shaquille Village. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an embarrassment.  It was bad, the acting was bad and the writing was terrible.  The only good thing about the movie was that it did not glorify the Vietnam war.  I have seen movies that glorified war and this is a sad comment.  There was not one happy aspect of this movie.  If you are looking for a movie that glorifies war, go to see this movie and make your own mind up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've just finished watching this film and I find myself in shock at how poor it is. I've never been this disappointed by a bad film. I mean, I am watching some movie which is more entertaining than this piece of crap!  My rating is 0/10, and that's for the first hour or so. It's a waste of time. The only thrill is seeing the credits with the cast and crew walking in and out of the film. The movie is not worth watching at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a lot of bad horror films, and this is the worst film I have ever seen. It was the first movie I have EVER seen that was so bad it was good. This movie had horrible gore and had bad acting and horrible characters and a terrible script. The characters are just dumb and there is no suspense. I mean the best horror film ever made in the history of mankind.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was that movie? It wasn't that bad at all! It was horrible.  The movie was terrible! I am glad that I had the pleasure to watch it.  I have to say that, despite the very few good actors, it wasn't the worst movie I have ever seen.  Please, do yourselves a favor! Do not watch this movie unless you want to experience the worst horror ever to be filmed in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad, boring, dull, stupid, predictable, and fails to capture the full range of terror which the real world often has.  It is not scary, and the characters are so one dimensional that it makes one wonder if they are acting on autopilot and are just going through the motions of their script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked to see a good movie with a plot and have some laughs, you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is like claiming an Elvis actor is as good as the King. The only way to be faithful to the King is to be a fan of the man who created the greatest rock concert of all time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only way to describe this movie is to say that it was boring and dull.  I didn't laugh once, but when I looked at the screen, I didn´t even recognize a face, I guess I didn`t pay attention to it, but I just knew that this movie was boring.  It was boring, and that was why I didnít laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I could do better with "The Last Picture" - The plot is weak, the movie is weak and the ending is stupid. I give "The Rainmaker" the benefit of the doubt.  I'd like to see the story of a guy who gets a phone call from a girl he's never seen before and decides to go into the old lady's house and give her a show, or something like that, instead of just giving the lady a show for no reason.  In conclusion, "The rainmaker" isn't worth a watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I went to see this movie because I am always fascinated by movies that are made by a bunch of 5 year old kids.  There are so many plot holes in this movie and you have to wonder why they thought this movie was worth their time.  The best movie I have ever seen was the film in "A Brief History of Time", which was an OK film and this movie is a really, really bad movie.  If you want to see a good movie and don't have to waste money on it then you really have to watch "A Short History of Man".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film isn't too bad, but it isn't bad enough to ruin my opinion on this film.  The acting is awful, the directing is bad, and the story is...boring.   The music in this film is...a few good songs...and the sound is awful.  Overall, this film isn`t good...its a big waste of time... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I have seen this movie for over 20 years, I can't even describe it. This movie was absolutely horrible. If you're a fan of Michael Jackson, it will be the movie for you.  It had one redeeming feature--it's the "Michael Jackson" music.  This movie would have been the #1 worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the DVD and I was quite bored with the fact that this was a very stupid movie and I needed something to watch. I think I got it for free with my kids old case of beer and it just sat there on the shelf and I couldn't stop watching. The plot was very boring, the acting was bad, and the ending was terrible. It just didn't have the good feel of a good movie, which I think is one of the reasons why this movie was never made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie about 20 years ago on the Mplex channel and I was disgusted with it. It's not funny, it's not interesting, it is not entertaining, and the story is weak. So I watched it with some friends and we had a great time. The only funny part was the Muppets. I guess it could be a great movie if I had to watch it all. It has a really crappy ending and Muppits are lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was interesting how far I could go with this movie. It was bad and very dumb and not funny at all. It's not bad at all, and I don't understand why it ranks so low.  My advice: go see a movie with your friends, rent the DVD set, and have a good laugh with a few beers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is not much here. The acting is very bad. The script is very poor. And the last 5 minutes is just so poor that I had to fast forward a few times just to be able to understand what was going on. This movie is very, very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first hour, we are introduced to our first characters. These are the sort of characters that I expected from an episode of Scooby Doo, but what I got was not a show. In fact, they were the characters I have the worst of bad-movie-writing nightmares.    In short, what is "Hobgoblins" exactly?  I thought it was "Hobygoblins," but I was wrong.  There are so many holes in this one-hour movie that I couldn't stop laughing from start to finish. The jokes were stupid, the characters were not caricatures of real people, and the plot was not even slightly entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene starts with a bad fight with the police and it seems like they are having a good time, but they don't know what they are doing. They are playing a game, and in the end a bunch of them are all dead.  I am not sure who killed them off or what. The ending is dumb. The first scenes with the cops and the dead bodies is good.  Overall, not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the world of movies, the word "romantic" has an old-fashioned ring. Romantic, and not. In fact, the whole movie was a pathetic waste of time and energy, and the characters are all cardboard caricatures, one after the other.  This is a waste of my time. I gave it a shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen the movie, then you've either seen the director's "Dog Days" or you're an extremely disturbed person. If you're the disturbed person, then the film is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand the premise of this movie. It is about a girl who becomes a zombie and escapes her village, and now seeks revenge on the girl who escaped and now lives in the forest. She is stalked by a group of young men led by a former high school teacher.  She has to run for her life, and a new beginning is inevitable. The movie is not a horror movie, it is an insult to horror fans. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very disappointing film with the acting and plot and the direction. I would have been happier if there wasn't such heavy-handed editing, lighting and editing. This movie just seemed to be very poor man's Ingemar Bergman movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman, in her early 20s, decides to move back in with her mother, but it isn't until she has moved in that she starts to realize that she's not living in a house that was once a home and a family. A few years after moving in, she has to find a way to get out.   I watched this film with some friends and found it quite boring, and the movie just didn't have any suspense. I also found that the plot was weak and it took a long time before the end.  If you're looking for a really bad movie, I'd recommend watching "Home Alone 2". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're like me, then I pity you.  If I were you I would be begging the lord to save your precious time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing more to say about this movie. The acting is so bad, the story is so weak, and the ending is so terrible.  The only reason I gave this movie a 10 was because it is soooooooo corny. It is so corny, that I am speechless and just waiting for the punch line to hit me in the face. I am so angry, and i have to take my anger out on this movie, because I know that I could have done a better job.  I am giving this movie one star for the plot, that is all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the Tribeca Film Festival and it was disgusting. It had all the typical clichés: the "hilarious" situations, the predictable, and the clichéd quotes from people who said they were friends with the characters. And it had the same problem with the other films that I saw in the festival - not a lot of humor. I laughed at it and it made me laugh and laugh. I have never seen anything like it.   The only thing that was funny was the soundtrack. There was too much ambient noise.  There was no real plot.  I think this movie was made to make money and to get an award - and it worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is, without a doubt, the worst film I have ever seen.  The acting is awful. The editing is horrible. The sound is awful, and the cinematography is worse than anything I have seen in years.  It is, quite simply, the biggest film I had ever seen, and it is not worth a comment, it is simply awful.  I don't know if it was a mistake, or if I am being paranoid.  If I ever get the urge to see this film, I will not even watch it, I'll just kill myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has an ending that really doesn't make much sense. The end was the only thing that made sense. So, if you want to watch a good movie, watch the end of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a general rule, the only reason to watch this film is if you are a friend of one of the actors involved and you like his or her acting abilities.  This film is a complete failure on every level.  The story is badly written, the dialog is boring and the acting is poor.  There is no way to explain how this film ever made it to Sundance, let alone a festival.  If you are reading this review, AVOID IT LIKE THE PLAGUE 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for the first half of it, and I thought it was alright. I am still trying to decipher what this film is about. I can't even watch a clip of it because I can only watch a few seconds of it and I am afraid of missing anything.  There are some good things about the film, I guess. The cinematography is bad, and the acting is bad. I have never heard of a good film that had good cinematography and good acting. This film is so bad I had to turn my volume on full blast just to be able to talk about it. It is so terrible that it made me sick. It may not be the worst film ever, I am sure it is the second worst film I have ever seen in my life, after the film "The General" from the great director, Ernst Lubitsch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a recent interview with the French television channel, I had the feeling that I'd been watching something of a huge significance and was getting a bit bored.  And, that's exactly what happened.  The script is so poor, I really do not understand it. It seems to be some kind of "art"-movie with no plot and no meaning.  This movie, however, is about some very important and important stuff: "Dance with me".  But I don't know, and I can't even find this movie on my list of worst movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A man with his girlfriend and his friends take a trip to a strange old house and one night a meteor falls through the roof. The meteor lands in the yard of the woman's family and they are all scared to death. The woman is the wife's sister and the meteor is the meteoroid that killed their mother's dog.  The meteoroid kills the woman and her husband, who then fall to the ground dead. They are both found by a strange woman who then takes them to the hospital. The two are then taken to a morgue and are found dead.  A strange man then appears on the scene and tells the strange story about how the meteor came to earth.   I would have been scared to be in the house when the meteor fell through the house. The movie had that much much potential, but just made it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was watching this film for the first time as a viewer on my couch. It's nothing more than a bad remake of "St. Elsewhere" and I can honestly say I enjoyed the movie very much. I found it to be a bore.  I didn't like it at all, and it was a very bad movie, and that's a given.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a kid (and a parent) you will hate this movie. This movie is horrible.  There is not one funny scene. It is not funny at all.  The story is lame and nothing happens, it is not realistic.  This is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that makes me want to take a vacation and not have to go to work anymore. It's just that dull and lifeless, and the movie just drags you down to the verge of tears.  There are some good shots, but they are all in the middle of nowhere, and they don't add anything new to the story. The movie is just an insult to the viewer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are expecting a high brow movie but the movie is really bad... then you'll really be disappointed.  The story is, the script is bad, the action is OK, the dialog is bad.  I'm going to give up. I saw the movie the other day on the Mplex channel, and after watching it I really wanted to watch it again. I was looking for a plot and ended up at the worst movie I have ever seen.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is like "Saw" in that it's not realistic and it's the kind of movie you can watch and forget. It's so bad I didn't even laugh once at the beginning. The plot is really bad and the characters are all stupid and acting badly. If you don't believe me, the movie was so bad that I had to stop watching. If I was your father, I'd give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a very bad movie that is extremely badly acted, and very dull. The special effects are pretty decent and the story has little depth. The characters are not interesting. And the plot has been left uninteresting at all.  There is nothing new to the story except for the ending, which is completely unbelievable.  This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen, and that is just not the best movie I've ever seen.  I would give this movie a 1 for special effects and a 2 for the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts with a very strange premise. The title is "The Black Cat" (which sounds very interesting to me), and the film is filled with strange characters and a strange environment, and it's filled with a bunch of clichés. The movie is full of unnecessary clichés and has no real meaning.   The cast is mostly bad, and the only really good cast member is the beautiful and talented Jessica Alba. She has no acting skills whatsoever. The plot is full-blown and doesn't make sense at all, the characters are mostly uninteresting, and a bunch is just plain boring.  My summary: not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The thing is, I thought the premise was really corny and predictable, and the characters were so wooden and flat, I was actually getting irritated with the fact that I was watching them and not them. And to add insult to injury, there was a couple of good performances, one good and one bad, and they were the main characters in the film.  The characters were just flat and uninspired. I was waiting for something to happen.  Overall, a bad film. Not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that most foul mouthed movies are made of. The acting is terrible, the plot is bad and the humor is bad. The movie is full of plot holes, the jokes are corny and the only highlight is the ending. This movie was so bad that I thought it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I hope that the writer gets the job and is fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with this film. The plot was very thin and boring, and I found myself getting angry at every cliche and cliches I saw.  The ending was very bad, and that was the reason I felt the urge to fast forward and edit. I didn't feel anything at all, but the movie was very boring.  What really irked me about this film was that it was very badly directed. The cinematography was bad, the editing was poor, the sound was awful. I guess if it didn't have a plot, it would have been even more boring. If I hadn't have been so angry at the ending, I would have turned it off after 20 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest film of the year, which is no small feat considering the talent involved. There are a couple of nice shots of the stars, but they are nothing compared to the rest of the film. This movie is an embarrassment, not an entertainment. It is not even a comedy, it is a sad waste of time.  This film is not bad, it does not have the plot of "Mr. Magoo". Instead it is bad acting, bad script, bad special effects, bad music.  I am not going to watch this film again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those movies that you really, really want to see. If you want to laugh out loud at the sound of your television, this is for you. The actors are terrible and the movie is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on the way home from the airport, and after 40 minutes I decided to stop watching.  The story is predictable, and the ending was very poor, as well.  This movie is very poorly made, and if you like the idea of a group of super-detective's investigating a crime they've been keeping the crime a secret, then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was a very disappointing film, made me want to rent it again. I was thinking "This could be great, but not great enough". Well, it was...  There was no real message, it's just boring, predictable and just doesn't make any sense. It's so bad that I wanted to shut the whole thing off. I mean it's so BAD, the director must have a good sense of humor and have some good sense. I don't see how this could be better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few things you could take away from this movie.  The acting is awful. The plot is lame and the pacing is slow to nothing.  This movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very poor remake of the original movie. It's not good at all.  This movie is just plain bad. It is just bad.   It should have been better. It should never have been made as a sequel to the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie I saw about this film was at the Toronto International Film Festival and after watching it I felt embarrassed for the producers and director for not being ashamed of the film. It would have been better if they had told the story of the real life struggles of the two main characters in a meaningful way and made it into a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is one big joke.  I think it is the worst movie I have ever seen.  The plot is weak and boring, and the humor is awful.   There is no point to this movie.  My vote is 2/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD because the actors and the director were good and i thought it was funny and i was wrong. the film was very predictable and very fake, the humour was very weak, and most of the characters were so bad they were funny.  It has to be the worst film ever.  I watched it because i wanted to see the first ten minutes of the movie, so i thought i was going to be entertained.  So what did i have to pay for this?  I don't know, the movie was pretty good and some of the jokes were good, so I just couldn't laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest piece of crap I've ever seen. I don't understand why they would have done such a horrible movie if it weren't for the music. The movie is about some kid who gets a call from his dad that he got to play the drums at a school dance and that he had to do his dad's work and he got a job. He's the only person in the entire movie that played the drums. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As others have pointed out, this film is not really bad. I don't know how I watched this film, as I don´t recall ever having watched a bad film in my life. It didn´t make any sense at all and the sound was awful. I didn´s very disappointed in the fact that this movie had nothing to do with the first part of the series. I think I would have to say something more to say. The story itself was interesting, although, the characters didn´ve enough personality to make them interesting.  I would advise people not to waste their time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst of all films that I've seen. It's horrible.  The plot is predictable. The acting is awful. The special effects are bad. The direction is bad.  I can see the script, but the movie is awful and disappointing.  And the last thing that really bothered me was the ending. I thought "what the hell was that ending all about" The ending was totally and totally stupid. I was extremely disappointed that the ending made it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a mess, the only reason I watched this film is because of the actors involved. If you look at the movie as a whole you will realise that it is all over the place. I really don't understand why this film was over the top, I can only assume that because the director wanted to play with his audience he needed to have a good story and some decent cinematography.  The ending, which I thought was the most horrible film I have ever seen, was just terrible. The plot was poorly written and the performances were over the edge, I was expecting a nice happy happy ending. The characters were just all rubbish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who has never seen a movie, I can see how people are so easily able to judge movies. I thought this movie was too silly. The story and characters were not realistic. The movie had no emotional power. It was very very boring and did not have any great acting.  The movie just drags on and on. The acting is not realistic but the movie was just a waste of time.   The only good thing I can say about the movie is that the ending made me feel sick. The ending was the only good part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read reviews before and the ones before, they are totally different.  There is absolutely no reason why they had to make this film. The acting is terrible and the story is stupid. This movie is one of those movies where the writer/director/producer says 'Hey, let's just make this up'.    The special effects were bad and the acting was bad. The plot was dumb and there was no logic behind it.  I can see how they made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste! I really feel like this movie has been set up as a real, serious biopic on some kid's life. The script is extremely stupid and the acting is bad. The movie's not funny at all and just takes itself way too seriously. It's boring and pointless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone else said, this movie was awful. The plot was weak and had bad acting, it lacked real atmosphere, it is very difficult to believe that it was just made for TV when the movie could have easily been made into a really disturbing film.  The only thing that kept this film from being so terrible is that the story is not very coherent and the ending does not make much sense. The only reason why I give this film a 3/10 is that there were a few creepy moments and that the ending is so poor that I gave it a 1/10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a horrible movie, it is a terrible movie, and it is not funny.   The acting is horrible, the jokes are bad, the movie is so bad you may laugh out loud.  I am so glad I spent my time watching this film, I can barely watch it anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who likes the genre of bad movies, I must say that I have never seen such a bad film as this one, which is about the "new generation" of Hollywood (the new generation of young actors who are now old and just not interested in making movies). I saw it because it was billed as an indie film, and it was advertised as "B-Movie with Gore". But no, this was a movie with no plot, and worse the film was made with no actors of any kind. In fact, I don't even know where the person who wrote this piece of garbage ever worked.  I'll tell you one good thing: it is not funny.  The story is boring, the plot is bad, and the acting is bad.  This movie was made for nothing, and I don' t recommend to anyone who likes a comedy, because that is not this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie at least 3 times, and I've only ever seen it once. It was bad and it was the worst movie I've ever seen. I didn't see the beginning, I didn;t even get to see the ending, which was just a short 15 minutes film. The movie was horrible, just bad. I mean how can you like a movie with a plot that has been developed by an actual film studio? I think the director should of got fired for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie with my girlfriend and she loved it. I would like to rent it for a night or something. I can't see how I can rent a movie that's not even entertaining. The story has no plot, no real story, and the actors are terrible. They are playing out the same kind of roles over and over again. I gave this movie a 1.5 out of ****(which is out of 4). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've never seen "The Biggest Loser", this movie isn't for you.  This movie is a waste of time.  The script is terrible.  It has a ridiculous plot.  I have seen so many bad movies that I had to watch them all.  And I saw this movie on my way to work and it was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's a shame to see such a great actor and comedian like Bill Maher in the same movie. This is the kind of movie that you see when someone is getting high and needs something to get them to laugh.  Bill Maher is like that. He's trying to be the next Buzz Buzz Buzz. He tries to make Buzz Buzz like the real Buzz Buzz by overacting like a 3rd grader.  He tries really hard to make it look like a funny movie when in reality it is a really dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a previous review I had said that I thought it was not a very good movie. I agree that it is not a bad film at all. I was in the cinema and could see the big story was the same and just kept going. But I felt it was a waste of money, and I think this movie is very much like that. It is not really worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie, and I have seen a lot worse, and better movies. So I thought this was really lame, as there was nothing new, so I expected a lot from the actors and the director, and it just didn't deliver. It was really bad, it looked like a bunch of friends are having a good laugh at a party, and everyone is making out and not knowing what is going on. The movie just doesn't make sense, and just seems to be making fun of something else. It does make a few good comments, but that's not enough to make a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the third film in the series of the "Worst Film Show" that is part of the Spike and DirecTV channel. The previous two, "The Real World" and "Dawson's World", were much better. I was kind of hoping for a bit of the former, as they were much more fun and interesting. "The Rookie" is even worse than "Dewaana" and is basically a dull, uninteresting film.  The plot is nothing, and I don't even like the acting of the lead actor. The plot and the story is completely uninteresting, and the movie itself is completely boring.  Overall, the movie is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some really, good looking people here. The movie is about the relationship of an old and a young man. There are lots of clichés and little creativity.  It is obvious that the director was trying to show a lot of his own style.  I would like to point out that in his short film "The Young Lady" he was far more creative and experimental than here.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first one, you will love the sequel. I'm giving it a 1.5 because I can't give this movie the credit it deserves.  The acting is terrible. The plot is boring and the ending is like something from a kids movie. The only thing that saves this movie is that it is so low budget that you can barely even see the plot.  If your like me, don't waste your time on this movie, don't see it, it is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a movie, this movie is very boring and just a waste of time. The story is very weak and the acting is just horrible. It's really just not good at all. The movie is full of boring shots, pointless dialogs and useless jokes. It is just not funny.  I was surprised by the actors. The director should just leave the movie and let it run. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a movie, it is a video game. It is a terrible movie, that is not very good. The only good thing is that it does not have a plot, but it has horrible actors, bad story, and no redeeming value.  It does not make sense to make sense. It does make sense that the people who make the movie wanted to use their time to make it a masterpiece.  The only thing that can redeem this movie is that there are good actors in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have never seen a horror movie, so I'm not sure what I expected to see. I would love to know why I wasted the time of my life. I can't tell you.  The only good horror movie I've seen was this one.  My wife and I were both in shock at this movie. It was awful. We were both thinking this movie would be a good horror film, which it was.  It was very very slow. I mean really, you can only go from a slow movie to a really, really bad movie.  What really made this movie a bad horror movie was the plot. It started out interesting, but ended up being a big waste of time.  I know I'm being harsh.  Please avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie had a lot of promise, especially after the trailer showed the trailer in a shopping mall, but then we got our first glimpse of it. It was a bad trailer, so I didn't know what to expect. I did get the feeling that it could have been a good movie, and a great movie with a lot more special effects and special effects.  What we got was a horrible movie, with bad special effects, bad sound effects, and boring music, and we watched it twice because I was so bored.  It is so bad that I am glad I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so bad that I had to fast forward to a good story. But the good part of the movie is the beginning - the first part is good and the last half - the real story. I did like the ending. I am not a horror movie fan, but i think this movie is a very bad movie. I can see why the movie was a good movie. It just could have been a good horror movie if the ending was good and well done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film starts out with some good shots of the movie. I like the first one better than the second.  The other characters are OK, although I don't know if I like them. I think it was supposed to be like the movie in "Cadet Kelly" with the actors doing some good work. The movie seems to be all about the movie making, with the director's not really caring about the characters or the story.    I would recommend watching the first film, then seeing the second one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie when it was first released, but I have to say it was a total bore from the start. I did like the concept of a mother and daughter having such an unhappy reunion and I thought the ending was completely predictable and the plot was so stupid I couldn't really take my eyes off the screen. The only reason I gave this movie a rating was because I like horror flicks, and this movie is no better than a bunch of teen slasher flicks. If you like seeing a good, twisted horror film, you will like this movie. If horror is not your thing, this movie would be an interesting one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think that it was the worst movie I have ever seen. It had nothing to do with real life. I saw the movie at a friend's house and we had a good laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film could be interpreted as either a parody of the Mob, or a parody thereof. I'm going to be generous.  As far as the parody of Mob culture is concerned, this movie is indeed a parody. The whole premise is that Mob culture consists of dressing up as hoods and govinda b******s, and singing about the Mob in the vain hope of making money. In this case, it doesn't.   The only funny thing that is in this movie, is the "Rochester" theme song. It's bad, and stupid. And the only "funny" aspect of the movie, was the song itself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an alright film. It's bad. The acting is awful. The plot is stupid. The special effects are laughable.   The plot line is really stupid and nothing is made better than the rest of the movie.  I gave this a 3 for effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a rip off of "The Adventures of Pluto Nash", the cartoon where a space pirate finds a stash of gold in a meteor, and uses it to pay for his wedding. Pluto has a planet called "Hem" with some diamonds, which he uses as a weapon to attack the earth. He even steals some of the diamonds, and use them to make a giant, diamond shaped ship that he uses to attack other planets.   But the Earth is not just a planet, it's a planet. And the earth is not a planet! The planet has a huge appetite for gold. It's really disgusting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the first two and the last two. The only good thing in the whole film was the "good ending". There were many things that were not explained, and I really wanted to know what was going on.  The cast was also very uninteresting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an uninteresting, badly directed and acted movie. I would have been more interested in a movie starring Denzel Washington. Instead, I'm glad to have seen his career in action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to give credit where credit is due. I have watched the movie and I have not laughed out loud in any of the three hours. The only laughs I heard were at the beginning and middle of the movie. And the laughs were coming mostly from the four main characters and the actors. It made me laugh twice and I kept thinking "how is this supposed to be funny? This was not even the beginning of the comedy."   The plot is predictable, the humor is not funny and the directing is horrible. I don't know if I laughed out of boredom or if I was laughing because of the lack of humor or both. I am glad I did not spend money on the DVD because I did think the movie was funny. I recommend avoiding it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with low expectations. It was an alright film with a lot of bad acting. I had high expectations because I thought that it was an OK horror movie. It wasn't. I was right. The movie was a horrible mess. The acting was bad. The directing was really bad. It is one of those movies that you can watch in a few minutes and still hate the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful. The story is boring, and it could have been the best movie ever.  The cinematography is poor, and the direction is poor.  In conclusion, the film is a waste of time, and that's all that really needs to say about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the second time with a group of 3 friends and we found ourselves laughing hysterically through the entire movie. This movie has absolutely nothing to recommend it. The story is boring, the acting is horrible and the movie is not funny.  The best part of the movie was the "twist" at the beginning of the film. A twist occurs when a character or story is revealed to have hidden subplots or hidden meaning. This twist could have been the most hidden subplot I have ever seen.  If you want a funny comedy, watch the first movie and skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen this movie over a hundred times.  The acting is bad and the script is so poor that I really could not finish watching it.  What makes this movie even worse is the plot. It's not funny. The characters are stupid. And if you think that the characters are bad, you're dead wrong.  So if you want to watch a good movie, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, let me start by saying that I'm a big sci-fi geek who likes seeing movies that inspire me to believe in a future where science fiction will dominate the future. I don't see how anyone can argue that it's a bad film, when it's just a crappy movie with an ending that's not really good at all.  There's nothing much to say, it's not that good, it just isn't that bad, it doesn't make any sense, and I'll say that again, it is a crappy film that lacks the imagination to bring you into suspense.  The best I can say is that if you like to see a lot of special effects and aliens, you will love it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole concept is ridiculous and unoriginal, with a predictable plot. It starts with a cop who is going home to a small town to find out if his life has changed since he left the force. He meets a doctor and asks him about his sex life.  The doctor says nothing, then says something like "it was raining" and goes on to say "no, it was raining man" and he was a cop for 17 years."  This is the kind of movie that makes you think "the director needs a refresher in Cinematography." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out with a very interesting and slightly frightening story of an autistic child that is scared of everything and especially himself. The director seems to be using a lot of jump scares, and there are only moments of actual horror. The cinematography is very uninteresting, the sound is very weak, the direction is weak, and the direction really doesn't go anywhere.  The only really good things in the movie are the two actors.  They are not good at all.  I think that it should have been a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very happy and the ending of this movie was horrible. I just hope that they make a sequel and I don't think there will be a sequel. I think the only one who liked it was the original fan group who are now all dead. They should all have been wiped out as I have done with other movies of this genre. I don´t think they can make a new one of these movies.  I would suggest people to stay clear of this one, this was a very bad movie, I give it a 3 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is set in a little town on a mountain with a beautiful view. A man named Ben and his friends, Ben and some others decide to go for a walk on the mountain to look at the stars and moon, and to take a look at a nearby ravine. After Ben has his eyes on the stars, he spots a red dwarf, and decides to take it in his hand and throw rocks at him.  After Ben throws rocks at Ben, he goes crazy and starts throwing rocks at everyone, but Ben is the one who gets hit the hardest.  As Ben is falling, the mountain is collapsing on him. When Ben finally comes to his senses, he climbs down the mountain and walks back to the top. The film just follows Ben as he falls and when he gets up he starts going crazy again.  The plot is pretty weak, and the acting is not too bad.   The ending is pretty bad, and could have been a lot better.  My rating is 1/10 for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the hell was this movie made about? Was it the end of the world? Was there something wrong with it? Was the story really bad? Was something wrong at the beginning of the movie? It was an extremely long movie and had absolutely no plot.  The acting was bad, the script was poor, and the acting is worse than a bad TV movie.  I could have gone with something else, I could even have changed the channel and seen something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented the movie for one reason - I thought it was a good "Fernandes Island" type of film. The acting was terrible - the acting was good - the plot was weak and the only memorable aspect of the whole film was the music - that was the only thing that was good.  The movie is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is like an echo chamber of the worst, most pathetic thing I've ever seen in my life. I've seen the movie, I've written the story, I have enough of my life to have watched it, I know what's going to happen, but the acting is so awful that it's really not even funny.  I feel like I'm watching a piece of trash written by a guy who wants his audience to laugh at his jokes. I mean, really, really bad.  The plot is not funny, the jokes are bad, the direction is terrible, the editing is awful and I can't even understand how this movie has gotten so bad. It's not even that I didn't like it. I don't think I did.  This movie is not even bad at all, and the acting and the story is really, truly terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the TIFF Atlanta Film Festival, and I didn't even like it, it was horrible.  The acting is awful, the plot is weak, and the script is really bad. The story is weak at best, the actors don't even have the talent to make it good.   This movie is about the writer, an editor, a producer, and his wife. It's just not good. The whole movie is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was very badly made, with the acting, writing, direction, music, etc. I could not even get through the movie. The only thing that kept me watching was the music, which kept me wondering what was the purpose of the movie, as it sounded like an indie rock song.   The main character is a bumbling nerd that is the CEO of a website called "The Movie Maker," where the viewer votes for the most outrageous movie ever.  The acting was so bad that it was painful. The acting is so bad, that the actors are so bad and unprofessional, that I could barely even care what happened to them. The director's entire purpose is to have his movie made and released by someone who has no idea what he is doing.  My advice: don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to a trip to Ireland, so I didn't have too much time to see the film, which I found to be a rather dull experience.  I've seen the film many times before, and was disappointed with it after seeing it this time around. The only thing that bothered me was the acting and script.  It's hard to complain about the plot, because it is so predictable and not really worth any comment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was so bored, i started watching it and soon i started wondering how can it be so stupid that it wasn't in the movie! There was nothing special, no special plot, no real characters, just boring, i mean boring movie with no real plot and some characters talking and not acting.  In conclusion, don't waste your time with this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to say the same thing that I did with this movie, because I didn't like it as a whole. The only reason I gave it a score was because I was watching a preview for it on Showtime at the time. I had to be reminded that this is what they have to show on Lifetime.  The acting was horrible. The plot was bad. The ending was bad, the story was bad and the ending was just bad. I'm not gonna go over the details because I don't want to ruin the movie for you guys, but I want you to see this movie for yourself.  This movie is not worth even a second. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a very bad movie. I don't see why it ranks as a movie. Maybe it was a bad script? It was bad in the end. I mean, this was a horrible movie. The acting was horrible. The plot was weak, the directing was bad, the story was lame. The direction was terrible.  I would have given this movie a zero if I didn't know that this movie ranks as the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people would probably think of this movie as something good. It's a movie that was poorly made, badly acted, and not that it's all that well-thought out.   The movie is pretty, and the plot is bad. The movie has some good action, and some great comedy, but it's pretty bad.  The other actors are pretty bad, but they are at least funny. They have no personality, and just do not do anything that comes natural to them.  All in all, don't go out, even if you don't know it, don; go for the good laugh, the fast car, the girl who can't act, or the best laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The only good thing in this movie was the last half hour or so, where they did a few good scenes of good comedy.   The funny scene was the worst scene in the movie, where the main characters were so affected with insomnia that they could barely get up. It was also the only funny moment in the entire movie.  The movie was a joke.  It also had no plot.  I'm not saying it's a good movie, but if you like movies that are supposed to be funny and have a plot, then don't see this movie. It will only make you laugh because you want to see some good comedy from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am glad I rented this one for the third time because I am starting to feel my way around. I was hoping for something more but I was not let down. It felt as if I was watching a bad TV show and it was just as bad as the first two...  My wife left me with the feeling that she wanted to watch this again and again, in the hope that the third try would be better. It just didn't work as I had hoped and I'm very surprised that it wasn't a waste of money.  I had seen the whole thing before and was genuinely frightened at what I had just watched. It was awful. I really was thinking to myself that it could be the best. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing more to say about this movie than I already have. It's not interesting. It is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film had all the potential for a great comedy. The only funny part is at the beginning, where the two main characters start making fun of each other. I don't think that this was meant to be a comedy, it was supposed to be some boring story that was funny. This is the only funny scene I have seen in the entire movie.  I do believe that this movie was an incredibly disappointing movie, the only good part was the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is terrible, the movie is badly directed, the script is terrible. The movie has no storyline, no direction. I mean, just plain, BAD MOVIE.    This movie is nothing more than a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess, and I found myself cringing for the first hour and a half. The acting is bad, the plot is terrible, and the story has been told before. The only good thing I could say about this movie was that it was shot in Hong Kong. And I found that surprising given the nature of the movie, the way it is shot and edited, the characters are so cardboardy, I was laughing at them all the time.  What a waste of time. This movie was not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with an interesting idea. It is not just a boring, dull, over the top, low budget "Citizen Kane" style movie, nor is it the over hyped, over rated, over hyping, over-rated, over embellished, overblown, overrated "Cockney is a Movie" style. It actually is the worst film I have seen in my life. The acting was poor, the script was terrible, the editing was bad, the cinematography was awful. It made no sense. The plot was lame, the ending was bad. The story was boring. The ending was predictable. The direction was amateurish and the lighting was cheap. I am sorry to say I was not impressed by the movie. I give this movie a 4. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a very avid film buff, but this is the worst film I've seen.  It's about some guy that gets hit by a brick in his head while playing a video game and ends up getting knocked out.  The film is about some homeless guy who gets hit in the head and ends his life. He then has his video game character go into a coma, so that his game won't have any effect on him.   This is a very stupid film and the acting is bad.  I don't recommend this film to anyone, unless you're really desperate for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to know what's wrong with the movie industry, watch this movie.  The movie was bad, the movie is terrible and the acting is awful.  I watched the movie, I know, I'm not stupid.  But I don't want to admit that I've ever walked out on a movie. So let's make a deal.  1) The movie is bad. It's not funny. It contains a pointless plot. It is not entertaining.  2) The direction is bad, and it's really really not entertaining at all.  3) The script is bad and the scriptwriter/director should really be embarrassed.  4) The story is stupid. You can see the point where the movie just abruptly ends.  5) The acting is terrible. If your acting is good, you are either really really good or really stupid. If you are good, just dumb.   6) The editing is bad - there's no point.  7) The soundtrack is bad; it has no music.  8) The special effects are bad; the CGI are not good at all; the special effects used in the movie are bad.  9) The camera is bad... and the camera is really really bad. But the movie was good; I'm really surprised.  10) The songs are terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out well, with some very good dialogue, but then, everything becomes a repeat of the first ten minutes or so...the acting is poor, the plot is not developed, the direction is not engaging. The director has no idea how to turn this into a meaningful movie.  I just wanted to see some good humor, but it doesn't even come close to the actual humor in the movie. There are some funny moments in the film that make me laugh at myself, but they are laughably bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing new or exciting about this movie and it has nothing to do with the first one. The story was boring, pointless and boring. It is no good thing that the plot of the first movie was so poor, I think, that it was just plain bad. I would expect a better plot and more entertaining special effects. This movie is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only film that was nominated for the oscar at the academy awards. The only other movie that i know of that was more disappointing was The Last Picture Show (1993). The only movie that made me feel like watching was the olympics. If this movie was made during the Olympics then why in the world would it be olympic? And what was with that scene where the director of the oskar museum (Worth) gets a phone call and a reporter (Lahr) gets on the phone and asks him to take a picture of the archery? The director then gets a call and promptly shoots the reporter. The movie is so bad i am shocked that it won a prize. I honestly think i am going to watch the entire film and i will be very shocked. The scene where Oskar is trying to shoot the reporter (again) is the one most awful and i do mean the worst. I mean it was so bad, I could see the camera reflections from the gun barrel, the shadow of the rifle etc. It was so horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm surprised that this film was made in the first place, the only reason being was that the budget was low. The story and the cast could have been pulled from a good book, but the result is the worst film I've ever seen.  The story starts in a modern New York City (New York is a modern city), but we are shown it was made during the seventies, the film makes it look like the seventiest time of my life.   This film is filled with endless scenes of old, poor and sick people running for their lives. I mean come on, the acting is terrible, the script is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just plain bad garbage. I mean, there's nothing good to like about it. It's horrible. And it's not interesting.  There is no real story, and I mean no real, really, but you get the idea.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone, I'm not a big movie fan.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise is very simple: an old Japanese man, Masayuki, gets a phone call from a girl. He's told that the girl is going to be taken to hospital with an incitement to commit suicide, so he goes to the hospital to find out.   This is a pretty typical plot, with a couple of people being told about a situation that they can't bear, and then a couple are told that they have to make a decision between life or death. This is pretty bad and nothing special about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. I would have given it a zero rating of five. If you want to see a funny movie, go see "Babylon 5" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was interesting, the story is a bit weak, and the ending of the movie is a let down, but i don't really see the movie as such.  The movie starts a bit like a thriller, it is quite strange, but after the first half an interesting start, the movie becomes a bit boring and boring, as it is supposed to be, then it becomes interesting again.   The ending is pretty bad, the ending is not so bad that you don't care, the only people who don't enjoy it are the ones who likes the ending, but don't expect the movie to be so intense that you actually think it is worth watching.  I don't think the movie would be worth renting if it was just the end of the first hour, but it's just not worth the effort, just not to bad to sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A lot of people thought this movie was good, but I think the critics were onto something. This is an absolute waste of time. I am a big Ramones fan, but this movie is terrible. It has the worst humor I have ever seen. I mean, it is so bad, I just think I should get up and go out. This was just so bad. I thought it was funny. I was really looking for a good laugh at that point. It was not.  This movie is one of those "Worst Comedies" where there are no laughs. Just a bunch of mindless humor. I think this movie could be one of the top 5 worst comedies ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am sorry to say this movie was bad... I did like the acting, the plot, the characters... I mean... There is no real plot... There was nothing to say, except that I think I will give up...I give it 2 out of 10, since it was so bad I give it a 3 out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film we have a number of very interesting images, and this is the only one that I have seen that was bad enough to be funny.   The actors are poor, and I mean poor. I mean the movie was laughably bad.  The plot is lame, the humor is dumb, the script is stupid and the acting is bad. I think this is worth a 1/10, but that's about as low as it gets.  My advice is don't waste your time with this movie unless you're a total nutcase. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one of the "Seven Samurai" titles, Sam Chiles plays a group of people who all come from the same village and are ninja hunters.  The title of "Seven Samurais" refers to the seven samurai who are fighting in the Seven Samurai style and, of course, that means the ninja style. The other samurai are in the same style and are just ninjas. They are fighting as the army and there are seven of them. It's really bad, because the seven are so useless that it's not even funny and the other six are just really bad.  It's the worst movie that has ever been on television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is, I found myself thinking "this is the most pathetic piece of trash I have ever seen". There is absolutely no suspense, it is just the lame action scenes.  The only good thing about the film is the acting. They are awful. I think that this is one of the worst films I have seen.  It is sad that someone like this would waste the time to make such a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie as a kid, and I hated it. I found it so very dumb. And I found that stupid. I mean, I thought it was the dumbest movie I ever saw. The worst thing is the fact that I actually stopped watching after 40 minutes, and spent the entire movie trying to understand what I was seeing.  I wish the director had shown that movie to people who don't like dumb movies. I know that I do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The story is badly written, and it's boring.  The movie has no interesting. I don't understand why they think the movie is funny.  I am going to stop the movie, but I am giving it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to prove the existence of this film I saw it with my girlfriend and we both thought it was the worst film we've ever seen.  My girlfriend kept thinking it was going to be great and that it was probably one of the most disgusting films I've ever saw.  If you see it don't expect anything else, even though you know it's not.    The acting is BAD and the story is even worse. The story itself is about a group of people that get attacked by some kind of creature, I'm not really sure what. It's not very clear if it's a man or a woman, it's really not important. The script is extremely lacking in detail, so many things are left unexplained or unexplained that you are really left wanting more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little history lesson on this movie. If you are a fan of the Italian Mafia (especially the Mafia) and the Italian Police then you are going to hate this movie - I mean, there's nothing else to say - there are some great looking shots, and the only one that is good is the scene in the bar where you see the infamous (and fake) image of the 'Dirty Harry' - which of course, has nothing to do with the real Mr. Harry, the famous British playwright who was also a Mafia boss in the 1920's. If that's not enough, watch the 'Sci-fi' movies from the '50's and '60's. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is no longer believable that the world is run by a handful of genocidal maniacs. The script is ludicrous and lacks the energy of a real screenplay. The plot is a rehash of many things that made sense in the real world: the US is run primarily by the military, with its "military-industrial complex" and a private military industry. The corporations are largely run by their heirs and former employees, and the world's leading companies are either run by former military people or by former US military people.  The only thing that makes this movie remotely interesting is the presence of Ed Norton, who is in the movie as a spokesman for the World Trade Center.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is wrong with this movie? The first ten minutes is the story of a young American family, who want to get back home to the US and find a way of making a living. Well, a movie that really really is "so bad it's good" is "Citizen Kane". So, the movie starts off promising a great story, but the first ten or fifteen minutes is all about the family's search for a boat to get them back to the USA. Well... it's all just not that easy to find a boat. The movie is so bad that you can't even recognize the actors, but, after that point, the story just goes crazy. It's just plain bad.  The ending is pretty corny, and the movie is even worse. I can't really say I've ever seen a movie like this in my life, and I'm not sure how this movie ranks up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film says it all, it is about the worst movie I have ever seen. It is very low budget and the production is very bad.  The film is so bad, you cannot understand what it is trying to say. It doesn't make any sense and there is no plot line, the acting is awful. I would not recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst film I have ever seen.  I watched it because I thought it would be a good story, but it was terrible.  The story has nothing to do with the real-life relationship of Ms. Colm and Mr. Azzard. It is a pathetic story about a ditzy, insuffer, insomniac who falls for a woman who is cheating on her husband, who is sleeping with another man, who lives his dream life of an island paradise.  This film is not just bad movie-making, but is horrible, badly directed, and poorly acted. The cinematography is terrible. The editing is poor, the sound is bad, and the editing makes no sense.  All of this makes it worse to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just a pathetic excuse for a horror movie. This is the reason that this movie was so bad.  If you don't want to waste your time, don't waste your cash on this piece of trash. It is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid, the script is incoherent, and the plot is a failure.  There are several scenes where the film is badly shot, and when they are I'm glad I spent my time watching.   The cinematography is poor, the lighting is poor and the sound is horrible.  I think the director should leave the movie to the cinematographers alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my 16 year old sister and we all left it on the shelf. We had heard the story before and it sounded interesting. We thought it was too long and it ended too abruptly. The movie was so short, and the end was so stupid. My sister left it after 5 minutes and I just left the movie and we sat in stunned silence wondering what the whole movie was about. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was on the bus with my girlfriend and we were on the M1 - I don't know how it ended.  The M1 was a good movie, the acting was good and the story was weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, let me say this, the movie was pretty bad. It was terrible. The cinematography is OK, but the story is not very good.  I think the best director ever to hit the big screen is Edgar Wallace. He's OK. His best work, the story was a lot less than a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was bad, the script was bad and the acting was bad... I was left in the dark...  I'm not sure if this was the worst movie I've ever seen. The whole movie was very boring... The plot is lame... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had a pretty good time on this movie, and I had to turn it off at the end because I was too sick.  It was just horrible. The only movie that I have seen in the last 5 years, that I liked was "Girlfight", had more atmosphere, more action, more suspense, more gore, more drama.  This movie is not that bad. It is bad. I will admit that it is not a movie I like. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this was a very boring and over-scripted movie. The story seemed to be all about the one girl's desire to have sex with a rich, successful businessman. This movie is very disappointing. The acting was horrible and there wasn't a lot of fun to be had. It was a dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning, the acting was okay. Then, it got worse. The whole movie started out interesting, but the plot was not interesting. The main character, the main girl, and the rest of the cast was not good enough to keep the movie interesting, nor to entertain the audience.  I really feel that the director tried to make this into a movie, and ended up making a movie with no real story, but just with boring people talking and acting stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this movie the bad guys are the bad heroes, the women are the strippers, and the kids are the frat boys. They are all frat hags. It's pathetic. I mean it's pathetic! The movie just goes on and on, and on... I mean this movie is a pathetic waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with the main characters sitting around on a log cabin, relaxing, and having a pleasant conversation, so we know nothing about them except that they have a son and are living there.  The acting is horrible, the script is poor, and the dialog is poor. The director should be banned from making another movie, the actors should be reprimanded, and everyone in the movie should be put out of business.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am normally one of the harshest critics in the film industry. I find myself agreeing with them to this extent. It is so badly directed, badly acted, and most of all - terribly dull. The whole thing reminded me of a bad Twilight Zone episode. I think the director should be locked in a room and forced to watch this movie over and over again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to say that I did not like the first 10 minutes of this movie, I don't even know where to begin. I can't believe how I watched this movie.  It is like someone wrote a play that was badly written. The actors played like they did in their acting classes.   As I sat in the cinema waiting for it to end I heard two young people talking. The first was very loud and I had to hear what they said because I had no idea what they were talking about. The other two seemed to be speaking about something that was not even really interesting.  I saw the movie at about 3AM on cable and I was still waiting for the movie to end because I wanted to see something more. I kept thinking that it was going to be a very boring movie with nothing really interesting to say about it.  In the end I was so angry that I wanted my money back, and I am really sad to see that this movie was the end of the road. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Star Wars fan since the days of the Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi, but this movie really sucks. The script was bad and I don't see how it could have been better. The special effects were bad, and it was the worst film I have ever seen in my life.   I did like the last 10 minutes, but I didn't like the first half, and I didn;t like the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can I say.  My friend bought this DVD from a store in Brooklyn Heights, and after seeing the movie we went home to find it to be awful. It was so bad we couldn't sit in our living room with our mouth open the whole time. I mean, it's so bad, we had to leave the room.  I was surprised by the number of laughs we got.  There was a total of two laughs at the beginning and it only got better and better. The other laugh was at the end when the girl comes back to find us and she says, "What did you do?" It was like I said, "I haven't laughed this hard in a long time."  We had to stay after the movie and I guess I don't know if there was a second time we watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to be blunt with you.  As a fan of Robert De Niro's work, I find this to be just another case of the old saying, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."  So, if you're a fan, why fix it when you can make your own movie, right?  Well, when I was a kid, I watched "DeNiro on the Bench" and I thought it was hilarious. I was right. It's a bad film, the script is bad, the direction is bad. And it's very, very badly made.  I don't care if you don't find it funny. It is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a bunch of bad movies that try to shock you. It's horrible. The acting is terrible. The story is bad. The direction is awful. The camera is crappy. The editing is bad....it just looks like the movie was made for the hell of it. I saw the movie for the second time and I thought that it was still the worst movie I've ever seen. It should be taken seriously and not put in a pile of trash that gets bashed over the internet every time a movie is made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off cute and interesting. It quickly becomes extremely predictable and fails to provide any kind of entertainment whatsoever.  The plot is poorly developed and seems to be the result of someone who's been playing around in the woods and who got tired of the constant twaddle.   The acting is mostly bad, the actors are annoying and the direction is very poor.  I thought that this was an alright movie for the summer months but then it started to rain...    Avoid like the Bubonic plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film was bad, the characters were weak, the plot was slow, and I didn't enjoy the movie. It's sad when a film has so many big stars that they can't even be in it. I'm surprised at how they got so bored.  Maybe I'll stick to TV-Shop for a while... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the kind of thing you would expect from the creators of "Teenage Mutant Hero", "Spiderman", "The Avengers", and "Superman Returns". The first few minutes of the movie is interesting, the plot is slow, and you have a very weird feeling throughout the movie. The story is silly and not even entertaining, and the pace of the story is slow. The dialog is not interesting and not really funny. There is no real action, no real romance, no suspense. The plot is nothing special. The acting is average. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie could have really been so much better. It just doesn't make any sense. I have never seen a movie like this in my life! I mean it is so bad that you can't even see it anymore. You just think that this movie is so boring that you actually fell asleep after watching it. It is so so horrible that you will actually ask yourself what kind of person you are!  I give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I liked about this movie was that it was the ONLY movie that was completely ridiculous. If you were hoping for a good movie that would actually make you laugh, watch The Godfather instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit to liking this movie. In the first movie it was good. In this movie it is bad. The plot is stupid. The acting is poor. The direction is poor and this movie is just a pathetic waste. I do like the characters that are in it. I don't think this movie has a story. It is just boring and poorly made. I hope that the director stopped making movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a typical B movie - not really worth watching.   I found the movie very boring and boring, even though I did enjoy the action sequences.  This has nothing to recommend it, unless you enjoy watching mindless, poorly made movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone else has said the title is a bit misleading, but it is NOT what this movie is all about. The movie is not interesting at all, the acting is bad, the cinematography is poor, and the script is terrible. I did enjoy the music, it was very distracting. And the story itself is not worth telling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible. The direction is very bad, the script is bad, and the direction is bad.  The only good movie is "Citizen Kane" starring James Stewart. It's no wonder that the film was not much better. The story is so bad it's hard to believe that it actually came out.  My rating: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The movie is bad, the story is bad and the ending is the worst. The plot is so bad and so incoherent. It is so poorly written and directed that it is bad to watch. I am giving it an F. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am just reading this review, as I had been looking for some time for a copy. I've just finished watching it and I can't believe what I've seen. It's not the worst movie I've ever seen, nor is it really that bad. I'm not sure if I've watched it at all, but it is the worst ever.  The script is absolutely awful. The acting is awful. And the plot is nothing to do with the movie.  It's just not funny, and I have seen a lot of bad movies with worse acting.  I've been trying to get this movie for ages now, and it doesn't seem to have worked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie because I thought it would be funny but I was wrong. I thought that it would have a lot of laughs and the movie would make you laugh and you would laugh. I also thought that this movie would be a fun watch for the kids. Well I was not wrong, I just saw a bad joke in the movie.   I don't know how this movie made it to rental. I rented it for the hell of it but boy was I wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line is stupid and completely illogical. I think the people who made this movie should be ashamed of themselves.   I would have to agree with a previous reviewer, they were not very descriptive about this movie.  The movie is so badly directed and acted that I did not even pay for it.  I don't know how this movie ranks as one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I mean, it was so bad, I almost fell asleep during it. So bad that it's good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am shocked that I had not seen this movie.  The only good part was when it was over and I could take a quick shower and a good movie. I was not able to watch this at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie and decided to give it a shot. It was pretty bad. It looked really fake and I couldn't understand how the actors were able to act like that. I didn't get that much. I don't think the director got the tone right. He tried to make the movie as real as possible and the result is that it is a terrible movie. I'm not sure how it ranks a rating of a bad film. I guess I would give it the same rating as "The Rookie" and "A Brief History of Nearly Everything" but I guess that is just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't believe how much time was spent on this crap film. I saw it for the second time on the IMDb movie page and my friend (who is a huge B-movie fanatic) said it was the worst movie ever made and he loved it. It was really really a bad film.  I didn't like the acting or the story at all. The acting was bad. The writing was bad and the movie is really nothing more than a waste of time. The movie is so bad that it is really disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    My friend, who has never seen a horror film (she must be some sort of mental defective), tells me that this film is a "must-miss" because the story is just so unbelievable.  The film contains a lot of gratuitous sex scenes and gore, so much that the acting is awful.  This film is so unbelievable that I could not take my eyes away from the screen. I just kept waiting for something to happen.  I have a feeling that this could have been much much scarier if the film was set in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing but a mess. I guess I would like to recommend renting "The Naked Gun" for the 3rd time in a row. It is a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a naive couple who decide to rent a house and renovate it. They live in a decrepit home that was built for them, and they expect to be living in a grand old age home. It is a dreary place with a few rooms and a graveyard in it. It becomes the first "big" house in the history of the United States. It should not have been. The house should have been grand and comfortable and had a swimming pool in it for the couple to enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are two movies that I liked very much and that is "The Rock" and "Rock Star: The Movie." Both of them are bad and are made in 1994, so you can see the difference in their looks and the music. "Rock" is a good looker but "Rockstar" is way too heavy and overdone.   And the other two are just OK, I suppose.  What is with the "plot"? What do you think it is supposed to be?  There is no plot! You just waste the time! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very bad. I am just a movie fan, so I went and saw it on the day it came out. I found myself extremely bored and very confused. I went out with a few friends and just about everyone else left after watching it. I mean, who cares? The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the movie wasn't even interesting. I'm going to watch "The General" again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A film such as "Night at the Museum" is a waste of my time and my friend bought it from the DVD menu so we could watch it on our trip to Newark airport. It's a bad film and should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad. The story was bad and I felt there was no real suspense or interest in this movie.  I am surprised that this movie got such rave reviews. I did watch the end of the movie and thought it was the most boring movie I have ever seen.  My biggest problem is the ending. If you thought this movie was boring, you were right. I felt that the ending was really just stupid. I gave it a 2 out of 10 and that was only because of the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad that I am really surprised. The first half of it is really good, the second half is bad.  The story is really silly, the jokes are stupid. The whole movie is about some weird characters with no relevance to the story, and the last 5 minutes are totally boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half hour of the movie was good but I could still follow it and I didn't care for any of the acting or character development. I just saw the movie for the sake of an old Japanese proverb.  What was the second half of the film?  The characters were very stereotypical, especially the old lady who was a recluse who never took a breath, nor did she look any different at the beginning.  I just found that stupid and boring.  This movie reminded me of the old "Mortal Kombat" and "Metroid".  What I did find annoying was the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie with my own expectations, but they were pretty low. I expected a comedy, a horror movie. But I was wrong.  This is probably the worst horror movie I have ever seen, and I mean the only one that was entertaining and good at all. It was so bad I gave it a 2 out of 10 just for the sake of being consistent.  The story was very cliché, and the acting was poor. I was not entertained at all, but I do agree with the writer.   I am going to watch this movie for the 2 hours and a half that I have left on this horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had hoped this movie to be a bit of a 'Survivor'-type movie, but was sorely mistaken. The film was nothing more than a poor rehash of all the 'Survival' movies that were released that year and had nothing new. The acting was bad and the script was just crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's just a rip-off of the above, but I think it is a bit on the "right" of the spectrum, which I'm okay with.  There is nothing here. The whole movie is a waste of time, and that was before the ending credits where that the film turned into a rip off of "Kojac". The acting was bad, and the script was not very good at all.  This is not even the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that really sucks.  The whole plot was weak, I mean really stupid.  In the end the only thing that was good was the ending which was very stupid. So the whole movie sucked.   And I did like the ending.  My final rating: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was a teenager when this was made, and I can't fathom how this movie ranks a rating of 5 or 6.............   It's unfortunate that it ranks as a '10' on IMDb, because it is so low-budget that the rating is really the only way to really understand how bad it is.   The movie was extremely predictable, the characters were weak and I had to pay attention to the plot line and characters, and then the movie started to really get boring....   After the first half hour I had no real desire to continue watching, I really wanted to go to sleep....  It wasn't that bad in the beginning, there was just nothing special, the movie was boring and I just started to like the characters.....  After 40-50 minutes I just completely forgot that it was a movie, and after the movie I couldn't even enjoy it....  The ending didn't make much sense and I think that it would have been better if it had come to life and I would have loved the ending more, I thought it was just plain awful.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was OK, but the movie is a waste of time.   I give this movie a 3 for the acting.  I really don't know why I rated it 1 or 2, I just don't understand it at all,  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had some good humor and was pretty funny. The script is bad and the jokes are corny. The ending is just horrible and it's very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this film was so terrible, that I decided to take it back and watch it again. The movie was so, so poorly filmed, that it failed to entertain me at all. It looked like a real movie. I mean, I didn't care, and I'm sure it didn't look that good at all; it looked like the actors had some good stuff to work with, and it was all boring. The plot was really stupid, the characters were just sooooo... fake, and the ending was so fake and dumb that I was just stunned. If you like the first 3 of 4 films, I say this is the movie for you.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back I saw a movie called "The Incredible Strange Film Show" and I didn't think it was possible that I could pull it off. This is the same movie as the original with different actors and in a completely different setting, so that I'm going to take a trip through the film to show what a waste of time and effort.  The movie starts with a lot of "what the hell are you doing?" and that's about as entertaining as it gets. It's all made up of bad effects, camera movements, crappy actors, and the same boring scenes repeatedly.  And then it switches to the "what do you know?" type of movies.  Oh well, not a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the biggest waste of time and money I have ever seen. It's really really boring and boring. The acting is really terrible, the script is really stupid and the movie is really badly written. The whole movie is like an hour and a half long and I don't like that. The cinematography is really bad and the story is really dumb. I really want to recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A simple premise, what can i say about the movie: If you are a young movie fan, watch the movie, and be amazed that you wasted time. The story is boring, the acting is poor, and the movie was an hour and a half long! The movie is not even funny! It is not interesting, and I do not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 5 minutes of the movie were really weird, and had a nice plot, but the rest of the time is completely boring. The plot is totally unrealistic, the acting is not realistic, the direction is not interesting, and the script is absolutely crappy. The only thing that made me like it was the fact that the acting was very wooden. I thought the director said "I wanna be nice to me". This is a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest movie I have seen in a long time, and there is no better example of a movie that is bad than this movie.  The only reason to watch this movie is if you enjoy watching people getting hurt.  If you enjoy making fun of bad movies, I would recommend skipping this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie had the potential to be a really great movie. I can't see why it wasn't great, but the movie is just so bad that you can't enjoy it, it's bad.  I'm not saying it's a masterpiece, it just makes me wanna punch the screen.   If you like the good old movies from the 50's and 60's, this isn't one to be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to watch this film because my wife and I were watching a movie called "The Last Picture Show" at the time and saw that we had been cheated. I turned the DVD off. We were sitting in the aisle waiting for it to end. We expected a good laugh, but we got the whole "Gee I wish my wife would just leave me alone."  Well I'm glad I did. It was very very very predictable. I can't recommend this to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all let me say that I am a big Ben Stiller fan. I have seen most of his movies and I found this to be the worst movie of all time. The story is not funny at all, the direction is bad, and the acting is so poor that I found myself laughing out loud.  The only good thing is that there was nothing else to do.  Ben Stilling does not really look good in this movie. The movie is so boring that you cannot even feel bored anymore. The director should be ashamed of himself.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10, because if I were Ben Stills I would give this a zero out of 100. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't think of anything more to say about this movie. In the last two films, the director had made me laugh out loud when he made me smile in real life. He had a great sense of humour.  The direction was bad and the acting was bad. I really felt for the director, the actors and the script.  It was the worst film I have ever seen. I could not enjoy it as much as the last one, but not more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're like me and want to know why this movie was so horrible, then I have the answers: 1. because the director has made tons of films, 2. because this is a remake of the first one, and 3. because it is a made-for-tv movie.   All the rest is rubbish. The movie is bad and there's nothing good about it. The actors are bad and the story is bad.  I found myself having a headache and a tingy feeling that something was wrong with the movie. I've never seen a film with such poor direction, script and acting, but this is it.  It's a movie about an annoying college professor that comes to town for the weekend with a book in his hand. He wants to know the true story behind a murder, so he goes to the library and reads the book.  Well, the professor reads the entire book, and the entire movie about it, and he's still having a tingly headache, tingying the whole thing to a book. The entire movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a nutshell this is an 'horror' thriller which is, I don't know, is bad. The acting is awful, the script is terrible, and the ending is not suspenseful.  In short, I found this 'horrors' movie not good at all.  The acting was OK, the screenplay was good, and there were several suspenseful moments in this movie. I could have been wrong, but I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was pretty boring from the beginning. I don't really know why it's so boring. I can't believe that they actually made the movie...  The plot was pretty weak. It was predictable. You know the plot, right? The whole movie was boring.  The acting was awful. I thought they should have stopped after about 10 minutes. I really could've cared less, I really did.   If you like the first movie, you'll probably like this one...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film for the third time. It starts off promising and I was looking forward to seeing the movie. The beginning is pretty good. The first half of the movie is pretty creepy and has some great acting and suspense. But then the movie goes a little too far, especially towards the end and the suspense becomes really unbearable.  The movie really takes off in the middle and goes from being a creepy and disturbing horror film to a completely different story. The acting is not that good.  I have no idea what is going on. The script is completely unclear.  There are many unanswered questions, like why do we care?  The ending is completely fake and the end of the film is just bad. It is just plain bad.  My rating is 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film was terrible. I mean, what's more, there was no story line at all, the acting was terrible, and the ending was the absolute worst. I gave it a 1 only because I was watching it in a friend's basement, and he said it was the worst movie he has ever seen.  I have seen bad movies. I have even seen the most disgusting, revolting, disgusting movie I've ever seen in my life. I found this movie to be so unbelievably, it was not funny at all. The movie reminded me of a bad TV show, and I mean really bad. The jokes were so bad, and they were so old, they were just so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I am a HUGE Ben Affleck fan. I saw this film last night at a screening in Hollywood and I saw it again the next day at a second screening in Beverly Hills. So, let's just say that the movie was terrible, and I thought it was OK. I had the feeling of 'been there done before' when I saw Ben Afflecks performance, and not in the right way. I can't really think of another Ben Afflett movie, except maybe 'Saving Private Ryan', which was just as bad as this movie.   My only reason to see this movie was because it stars Ben Afflet, who I don't really find in many other Ben Afflese movies.  I think the movie is a very bad and I have seen better movies with better dialog. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that was made for the movie rental store. The story of a high school senior trying to get into the world of the city by taking an illegal swim in her fathers swimming pool is a pathetic attempt at making a movie.  The movie is a big pile of failed attempts at humor.  This movie is an insult to the intelligence of the public.  It is embarrassing to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I've seen this movie at least three times in my life, and after the first half I gave up. This movie was awful and the story is a terrible one. I'm sorry, because I don't believe I've ever seen such bad acting in my entire life.  I would recommend renting the movie and wasting your time on it. I will not waste more time commenting on this movie, as I have already written.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on Showtime (I remember "Worst Movie I Ever Saw" is like a sequel to "Shakedown"), and I have to admit, the movie is a poor imitation of "Shagal" and "The Naked Gun" in every way.  It's really not funny. The characters are not funny, and the writing is not funny or entertaining.  My rate: 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's nothing new, I know. The script is very, very fake. I'm very disappointed with this movie.  I didn't like the direction, the story is bad. It's a typical "American History X" style of a movie. This movie is bad, bad, terrible.   I am really surprised that the production value of this movie is only $20,000. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts of very good. The story is about a group of high school students who get together one night and end up killing one another in the woods. It's sort of like "B" in "B.S.", where all the characters in the movie are completely random. But this is just not realistic. It feels like the writer wanted to be shocking and make the movie more gory, so that it would have more shocking moments.  There are other problems with the movie, such as the characters. They are all just there to fill the time, so you don't feel any urge to leave. This is an OK movie, it just needs some real entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    First of all, I understand the movie was a low budget movie and the cast was very un-suitable. But, the script was terrible.  The movie is about a mother, a single father and his two sons, who drive on a mountain road in a country with a lot of trees and are stuck in a bad situation. The movie goes downhill from bad to worse to very bad.  First off, it is a very low budget film. It has many unnecessary scenes.  Second, the movie is not funny. The actors cannot act well. I have to admit, some of them tried really hard to act funny.  Third, the editing is poor. I could barely even see the scenery!  Fourth, the whole movie is a waste of time. It is not that great, but the acting is bad, and the director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm trying to understand why a movie such as this was made. It could have easily been a movie like the original American Pie or the sequel American pie 2.  This is not a movie.  It's not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that the film was made as a joke.  The only thing that made the film worth watching was the acting and the way that they try to make a story that's so unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is one scene that made me laugh...  I can't think of one...  What's the point of making this movie?    The acting is so bad that you can't take your eyes away...  If you enjoy watching comedy with your friends on TV, don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie the characters are caricatures of the worst Hollywood stereotype of "the hick, hippie, and the huggles." The movie is nothing more than a collection of "Hollywood's worst stereotypes" who are in this case depicted as "huggles" and "hirsute bimbos."  I've seen better movies that looked like a "Halloween Party" than this movie, and that's saying a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with low expectations, and I was amazed at how bad it was. The plot was stupid, the acting was bad, and the plot was very predictable. I'm going to chalk this movie up for the lowest of the low standards, and it isn't really close to the bottom.  I don't know if the director made a good documentary or not, but I can't believe he made this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is a really bad movie. I really think the movie could have been much better, it was boring.   There were moments where the movie was good, and the characters were interesting and believable. I mean, if you want to see the movie that is good, watch The Incredible Strange Film Show.  If you want a good movie, just watch the show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is BAD and the plot is non-existent. The plot is very boring and the film is very poorly directed. The script is poor and the characters are boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really did not expect much from this movie but I did get a good laugh at it's "B" rating. The movie was alright, but if you are expecting a comedy that is bad, then I'm sorry to say, I have a movie for you.  This movie is like the worst movie I've ever seen. The main character has a big fat body and an annoying voice. His girlfriend is a half-naked, very dumb, woman. The girl looks like a porn star, the girl is a porn actress. And they both have the same body, the same voice, and the same fat body. I don't know what to say about this movie.   This is the movie I have seen for this movie that is so bad, I cannot believe how they have not removed it from the video library. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical B movie with no real message, which was the case with the original Planet Of The Apes.  The plot is bad and boring, with no surprises and a very weak script. The characters are the typical clichés that have been done countless times in the past: the'monsta', the 'hero', the bad guy with a gun, the female lead.  This movie isn't bad, nor is it even a good movie.  It's just bad acting and boring story that could have been a great movie, if it wasn't for the special effects.  In conclusion:  The best movie of all time is The Incredible B Movie 2.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I could not stop laughing. It was just horrible. The acting was bad, the story was bad. I mean, come on! It was like I was watching a movie I watched once. The director should be ashamed of himself. The producer should be embarrassed. The editor should be wiped off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this film had been made as an art-house production it would be a masterpiece.  The actors do nothing interesting and just come across as stilted.  As it is, I found myself laughing at my own screen a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this movie with my friends on the night of July 19th 2008. We had all gone to bed and were all excited to see it.  Then the movie started and was terrible it was so bad it was good.  I just hope my memory of it is good. My girlfriend left me with no words after seeing this movie. I don't think she wanted to see the movie. It was so incredibly bad and stupid and stupid that I gave it a rating of 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with some good looking shots of the house of the former owners and their dog. This is a house with the old siren, and some birds that seem to be breeding like they were just laying eggs, but the house is haunted by a raven and a pair of ravens. The ravens are able to fly, and the pair of crows can scare the heck out of a frightened person. The only good thing in the entire movie is a raven that seems to have died. I could have written a better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am the first to say I didn't laugh a whole bunch, it was just that bad. The story was stupid and predictable, the characters were un-sympathetic and all around stupid. The film is not funny, the plot is not interesting, and the film was very poorly done. I was waiting for the end credits to roll, because this film is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main story of the movie is the life of a woman with an illness and her friends. The only thing that kept me watching was the very end when they all died and she became a ghost.  As a result I feel I wasted 3 hours watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the original "Vigil" in the early 80's, and the movie was nothing but an utter failure. The plot was not the original, but a mish-mash is made of a bunch of clichés, and is simply bad enough to have made me waste my time.  I saw the movie with a bunch friends, and after 40 minutes I just gave up and started watching the movie again.  It had no substance to any of the things that the movie claimed to have, and just was bad. The movie just seems to be another one of those movies that is so bad that they just don't bother with making a movie that makes them look good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts promisingly enough. Then we are treated to scenes where the characters are shot and the sound is terrible. In the end we are not treated to anything special. The acting is bad, and I really do not care for the movie.   The sound is really bad, there is no real music in the movie and the characters talk in like a pack of hyenas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The whole film was bad. The plot was not even really good. It was really, really bad.  The acting is bad, the writing is bad. It is not funny. It makes you wanna go fast forward a lot, and then fast forward again. The movie is not entertaining.  If you wanna see a funny, but dumb movie, don't waste your time.   If this is a movie, I suggest you go see it, even if you like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a bad ripoff of the "Mystery Men" series of bad thrillers.  The plot is basically, the same old cliches, same old action, same action, and more action.  I have seen a lot of bad horror movies, but this one is the worst movie I have ever seen.  In addition to bad special effects, the movie also suffers from lack of good camera work and editing. The acting is also bad, and the script is basically an insult to bad movies.  My rating: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a complete failure and the whole movie is crap. The only reason I give this movie a score is because I believe the director is from Albania and therefore, the film is an absolute failure.  The only thing that made the movie worth watching in the end was the soundtrack. The sound is horrible. The camera is awful. The movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have the bad taste of B.S.H. you'll love this film. If you don't have the taste, you'll just hate it.  The plot of the film is so weak, I found myself laughing at the plot of BOTH films I've seen. It was just terrible.  This movie tries to make a statement about the current political situation in the US, by claiming the entire country is run by a small elite. The idea that people can be so selfish, they will be so busy fighting with each other, that they will fight for themselves and will die in droves, rather than taking care of their own. This is not a good film, I'd rather watch the BBC's news at 2am on the telly.  I was really surprised that this film managed to get a rating of 7.5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that bothered me is the fact that it wasn't in a good way.  If this was a good movie it would probably be in a different category.  The acting was bad, the dialogs, the jokes, the plot... The plot was weak, it wasn'nt great at all.  This movie reminds me of the worst comedies I used to watch in the late eighties and early nineties.   I'd give it a three/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with a couple of shots of the beach. The movie goes on for hours and hours, with no real development. The director does manage to capture some beautiful scenery, though, but that's it. There are some beautiful shots, and I guess I won't be able to go to those places to look at the scenery, because there's nothing like the movie. It's like he filmed a masterpiece. The acting is horrible. The directing is terrible. The direction is bad. The cinematography is bad, and the writing is horrible all around. There is nothing special about this movie.  It should be removed from the movie completely. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is weak and unconvincing and has no real interest in a movie. The script focuses on the two main characters - both a psychiatrist and a psychiatrist - and no real development of their relationship. It is only really a movie about a depressed psychologist and a psychotic, and a movie which is a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first hour is simply awful. It is so bad I am stunned I am giving a proper review. I'm amazed how anyone can think this movie is anything other than a failure.  The plot is just terrible.  I was looking for something more, but I couldn't find anything.  What is the purpose of making this movie. It could be an excellent movie. But this movie was just bad.  If you want to know the truth about this movie, then I suggest you watch this movie and decide for yourself if it was really that bad. I would love to hear the real reason why this movie got such a bad rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie starts off with a couple of good ideas. But they get much much worse. The acting is OK, and the movie is basically just a collection of ideas. It does a lot of talking and no action, but there are some good jokes and the acting is okay.  The movie just drags out and no real development. I'm giving this a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I sat through this I was trying to understand the first 40 minutes. As I started to comprehend more and more about the movie I realized the whole thing was a lie. The movie is not about a film, but about the director's desire to portray the story of a struggling student trying to come to terms with her mother's death. The acting is horrible, the writing is horrible and the direction is not interesting.  The movie isn't worth watching, it was worth $6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I have been reading comments from people that don't like to watch anything that involves a female, this film is a waste of time. It is just plain stupid. The script is so awful. It's so poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really nothing more than an insult to itself. I don't understand why.  The plot is completely stupid. The story is weak, the jokes are not funny, the characters are not real and the special effects are bad. The movie was absolutely terrible. I really think I've seen the worst comedy movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the other comment on this movie by someone and I thought I'd give it a shot.  I didn't laugh at the movie because of the very poor performance of the lead actor. The acting was not funny, the plot wasn't engaging and the film was flat.  The only good thing in the whole movie was the fact that the ending is so incredibly unbelievable. It was so lame I was laughing uncontrollably. I don't recommend this movie unless you're a prude who enjoys seeing other people laugh and have nothing else to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have to be honest, but you have no heart...   This movie was horrible, it was just horrible. The acting is horrible, the cinematography is not beautiful, and the sound is all over the place.  The main character, the main character in the movie, is not interesting, or interesting... he is just boring... boring...boring...borner...borrner...  The movie was really not interesting...borrr...borry...borverry...cursing...cute...cutesy... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A group of high school students go to a party hosted by a former classmate, and when he is shown the photos of the girls who were there with him, he turns to the girls and says, "I wish I was in your shoes!" and that's the beginning of this story.   The story goes downhill from there.  The girls seem to have an idea of taking revenge on their tormentors by running them over.  If this is your idea of a good revenge movie, watch the original 1963 version starring Jack Nicholson. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad I have to say I have seen it all. I have never understood why the film is so horrible. It is very boring and the script is crap and the film quality is awful. This film is just not that bad.   The only really good part is when they are walking and talking and the music is so loud you can't hear what they are saying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to see a good comedy this is the movie for you. You can watch it in your underwear with your friends and laugh your way through the movie, it will be comical. If you enjoy a good laugh this is not for you but if you are hoping for a good one this is probably not the movie to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was unfortunate that the movie stayed with the same name as the movie it was made, but I guess that's the movie that they had to show.  As for the story, it wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting is horrible. The cinematography is poor. The sound effects are terrible. The characters are stupid. The story is the only thing that makes this movie a good movie.  I give this movie an '4/10'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason I give this movie a rating is because of the way in which it portrays a story of rape. I think it has a very bad script, very bad direction, and bad actors. The story itself is very boring.  The movie could be a good documentary on rape.   I will give this a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie is simple. The main character is a little guy named "Paul" (Greg Grunberg) who wants revenge on his friends for the death of his father (a doctor) and his mother (a former bank manager) who are getting old. The movie takes Paul's revenge on the old people and goes on to show them to be mentally handicapped.  The story is very poor. The lead actress (Pegasus) is supposed to be able to talk, which is a big deal. The whole movie takes place in the bank. A man (the doctor) is shown sitting at the window of a bank, a woman is shown in the window talking to a police officer and a little kid is shown outside the bank talking to the police. The director, John Boorman, decided to have the movie all together and to film it all with actors who can't act. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The original idea of this movie was that the old prodigy who could show the true art of boxing, and win every fight with his own technique and pace, could be the greatest fighter of all time.   Well, this film proves to be the worst movie I've ever seen, the worst comedy that has ever been. The old pro had a few jokes and he still managed to be terrible.  I'm going to go watch some of the movie because I think it's funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie at the Mplex2 festival. It's not a movie, it's a movie about an ugly movie about a disgusting movie that is supposed to be shocking. It doesn't work.  I know I didn't watch it in the first place, and I doubt I even saw it again once it got out on video.  The director should be ashamed of himself for even agreeing to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a terrible movie. The acting is bad. The script is awful. The movie is boring. The camera-work is bad... I was shocked to see a good movie from this master. I was surprised to see that this master made this masterpiece. I could watch this without blinking. I wonder how great this master was to make this masterpiece.... His masterpiece is amazing beautiful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible and the plot is very uninspiring. The direction is bad and boring and the acting is awful. The plot is uninsvolving and uninspired. The music is bad. The acting, bad music and horrible.  I gave this a 3/10 for the soundtrack, and the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself sitting on a bus in a Hong Kong city and the movie was playing. I thought to myself, "this is a waste of time. It was a waste, it could have been a great movie!" So I watched it and I was right.  I would have been happier if it had been a movie and not a piece of propaganda. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  This was probably one of two bad movies that I saw with my girlfriend and the other was "Saving Private Ryan".  We saw the movie at a hotel with about 20 people who are in the middle of an annoying movie night.  The movie is so terrible and boring that it's good for a few laughs but no one actually gets any enjoyment from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen. I watched it all, and there are some great performances. The plot was weak, and the actors were horrible. I really can't understand how they can do something so terrible.  It had good atmosphere, and i am surprised at some scenes. The worst part of this movie is the acting.  All the actors did a good job. The only good actors are the director, Alejandro Amenabar, and Jordi Mollà. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is extremely poor. The movie is so incoherent and the plot is so poor, I'm not even surprised that I can't write an comment. The only mystery is, why did I waste my time watching it? The only explanation I can come up with for this movie is, that it is bad.   This movie is not good at all. It's like a movie that was made by some 14 year old kid with a couple of friends and just watched it all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than a pathetic parody of a famous television series. It is, instead, a pathetic, poorly made, boring, cliché'ed and probably one of the worst movies ever made. It isn't even funny, and the characters aren't even interesting.  In fact, it's probably the most boring movie ever made in history.  I am surprised at the number of people who disliked it, because the movie is supposed to be about something serious, and was certainly the most popular movie I have ever seen in my life.  This is probably the worst movie ever, and I am ashamed of having watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a joke. It was so bad I was laughing so hard at the beginning, that I had to keep watching, because it was so pathetic. If I wasn't on the computer I would have had a hard time sleeping at night.  The plot was so weak, and I mean really weak, that if you want to laugh at the jokes, make them at your own risk.  There was so much horrible jokes in this movie, I was so embarrassed for the actors, that they actually looked like they were having a good time. The only thing I would recommend, if you are in a coma, is the sound track of the movie, which is absolutely awful, and the movie itself, if I was still in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as the movie goes, I just can't decide whether I like it or not. The only thing that kept me watching was seeing a couple of characters doing a little Bardwork and thinking "what are you on about, do you mean it's the same old stuff over again?" I can't remember anything else I've ever seen from the movie, I don't remember the name of the movie (it's "K-911") and I don' t care.  The movie isn't very good at all, nor are the acting performances. The plot is weak, the movie is terrible and the movie does nothing more than provide a good laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was very very very disappointing, the story was very boring, and all the characters were really un-loved, so much so that I decided to fast forward through it all and not to waste my time with pointless details, or even with an introduction of characters to make the story easier to understand.  I do not know how this film could be worse than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself watching this movie thinking to myself, What a waste.  If you see it, don't watch it! Watch something else, like maybe the movie "The Incredible Strange Film Show"   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big Paul Verhoeven fan. I find him more endearing than usual, and I find myself disliking the movies that he has made.    This movie is so bad I give it a 3 instead of the 1 that it so richly deserved.  I've already mentioned that it has a really poor screenplay, which is sad and disappointing, and that makes this movie even worse.  It has absolutely nothing to do with Verhoevern, and if you like his movies, I would strongly recommend watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am just a casual fan of the Lord of the Rings. I have not read any book about this. In fact I do not even know who wrote this film.  The actors are not good. There is nothing in the plot to keep it from being a typical Lord of The Rings movie.  And as a result, the whole movie becomes a huge disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about this movie is how bad is it.  I am not an expert on horror films. I was very bored throughout this movie and after about half of it I was so frustrated with the direction, writing, acting, direction and the cinematography of this film.  The story is really bad, I was really annoyed by the writing, the cinematographic design and the way it all ended.  This movie was a disappointment for me, I think that it was a very bad film. There is a lot of blood and gore, there are too many unanswered questions, I would like to be able to tell you all that I know about the film. But there is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A friend of mine asked me to write this review, and after seeing the film I could not even write my review. What I saw were some of the worst and lamest of characters, most of whom looked like they were trying to act like real people, with the same dialogue as real people would have with friends, which made me laugh, and then at times, made me want to physically smack the guy.  In the end I was not even mad, I just wanted to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film was very, very bad.  The main characters are a group of students who have a very boring, flat, boring life.  What I found most annoying was the fact that this movie did not have one likable character.  This movie is nothing more than a failed experiment of showing a couple of tits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "Hobgoblins" is about a couple of losers who stumble upon a mutated, cannibal tribe of hobgoblins, and then try to survive by stealing their food and using their victims' fur as shields. Sounds familiar.  "Hobygoblins", however, is different. It's a poor imitation of "Carnival of Souls", a bad fantasy adventure that never comes close to matching up to that one. In "HOBgoblins," the heroes are stuck in a time warp, and must fight a bunch of annoying little critters and make their way through to the end in order to survive. At the end of the movie, the movie is a pile of cheese, cardboard, and cardboard, all of which must have been made with a special recipe for macarons, and you have to get a little acid in your stomach to enjoy it.  Hobgoblins is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure if this movie was made before I was born and probably a lot of the scenes were from "The General" which was made after my birth in 1895.    This movie is the only one that I have seen. I have to say that I don't know how to rate this movie.  I guess I'll just have to wait for another movie, like the one that came before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I must say that I am surprised that this movie has gotten such rave reviews, so much I was disappointed and angry.  The story has to be one of the worst that I have ever seen. The movie was just not that bad, and I am amazed how much of the reviews from people who don't even know the movie were written by people who saw it in the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of this film was that it is a comedy of some sort, with the main character a woman, her husband and their friend getting killed one by one by a mysterious and very old woman (Mary Woronov). The film fails on every level to be a comedy, but just doesn't work in that regard.  There is some good acting here, but it is all forgettable.  It is obvious that the writers had a hard time coming up with some funny lines, but failed to realize that it was Mary Woronova's character that they should have focused on instead of the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when I was 16. It was like I was watching a "Kung Fu" movie. The "movement" was really slow and didn't have any special effects, yet I didn't feel any pain at all. The special effects were OK, the "action" wasn't too bad and the "story" wasn" OK. The only thing that I didn`t like about this movie is the "dancing" and the singing. That was the only time I felt bored.   If I`m gonna give any answers, please tell me, but I want to see the movie. It`s not good to know, since it`s one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I rented the DVD and ran across it on TV. It was a disgusting movie.  The only thing that kept me watching was the music and the soundtrack.  This was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very poor premise... the main character goes to a private school where he is forced to live as a "lifer." While at the school, he meets a girl who ends up becoming his girlfriend. This film is a waste of time... it's an absolute waste of effort, time and effort.  The script is very poor... I can't believe this movie even got a rating. It must have really been a very low budget movie.   If you want to watch a good movie, watch "Kung Fu Fu Fighting," "The Shaolin Temple," "Kukla, Franci," "Cannonball Run," "Dead Creatures," "Fistful of Dollars," "American McGee's Alice," "My Favorite Year," "Night of the Sharks," "A New Generation" or "Cadet Kelly." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As it turns out, I was extremely let down by this movie. It was completely devoid of any kind of storyline, and I think I'm going to have to give it credit for not having an ending, because if it had one, I would have given it to "Citizen Kane".  There was nothing in the movie to recommend this movie at all, and even though I am a huge Michael De Palma fan, I just couldn't watch this film. It's so bad, it's not even funny. It has horrible jokes and bad camera work, and no real quality at all. It is a horrible movie that should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is absolutely bad. The only funny moments are the scenes in which the characters are either talking about the good things or bad. They don't even have a plot! The only time they do funny is when the main characters are talking about things that happened during the show. So if you are a person who likes this movie, don't watch it, you'll be glad you did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I've seen it twice and I've even found myself wishing for the original version. I don't know what made me hate it as much as I did... I mean, who can honestly say that the acting is bad... and the story is a failure... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title really gives it away. The title is something that sounds more like "the title, the title of the movie..." but it is actually something that is supposed to make you laugh. It is a dull, boring and totally unbelievable film with nothing to recommend it.  It should be in a museum. It should never be made again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a poor excuse for a movie...  I was so excited I had to turn it off once and for all, and I was disgusted with it. It is really that bad.  If you want to watch a great movie, then watch the sequel to "The Goon"!!!   I really want to say something else. I saw it twice and I can honestly say I was not as happy as I was in "The Jerk" and I am not a big fan of bad films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've read a few comments on this film, so let's just say I don't think this is a great film...  There is not much good film-making in this movie, but the cast is alright and the direction is rubbish.  I think the actors are so affected by the script that they are out of focus and the script is horrible.  The movie is very slow paced and the acting is bad, there are no moments where you feel like saying to yourself "I wonder why?".  I don;t understand how this movie can be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts off interesting, but it soon becomes predictable. It's not bad in the first 10 minutes but as soon as it gets dark and the sky turns black, there's nothing new. The script has no ideas, no life and no excitement. And I'm not talking about the cinematography, because that is another matter. The acting is bad, the plot is not realistic, and the cinematographic design is terrible.  I am looking for a good romance, but I cannot find it anywhere in the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one big load of crap. A bad script, bad actors, bad acting, bad camera shots. The only thing that saves this is the soundtrack. The soundtrack is so bad it was good the director could have used it in some great sequel.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is the music. I can't believe I just wasted my time with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was extremely terrible, the acting was terrible and the story was poor. I felt like a real sucker for the story.  It is one of those movies that you have to watch with your friends on a private yacht or in a shopping mall parking lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over a hundred times. I had no idea what was going on and I was disgusted with the story, acting, direction, script, and everything else. This movie has no redeeming value.   The cinematography was terrible and I saw no real cinematography, the camera was just out of focus, the editing was awful. The sound was horrible and the sound was terrible.  The director should be embarrassed to have taken part in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie has two good points: 1. the script has some interesting points, but the script itself is terrible.  2. the music is interesting, and the ending is predictable.   Overall, I give this movie a low score of 1/10, and I'll give it a 1 out of 10 for the good points. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As much as the story is boring, the acting is very dull. The story is very predictable, the direction is very flat, and the script is so bad I'm stunned.  I didn't laugh at all in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first five minutes of the movie were good enough to make a pleasant evening. The movie started out with some great acting by the four leads. The film is a poor imitation of the TV series. It's not very funny.  The movie gets worse and worse as it goes along, and it doesn't have the energy or sense of humor to make it any better.  If you're looking for a laugh, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the typical Hollywood films, this is the movie for you. It features bad actors, crappy special effects, bad camera work, crappy music, horrible dialog, and a few funny jokes. If you enjoy seeing some great slapstick comedy, this will be for you too.  The movie is so bad that I give it an '3' out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I'm not a fan of Jack Frost, but this is not Jack Frost at all, even the music. The whole plot is predictable and the acting is bad, the plot is not special, the humour is stupid, and the movie is just terrible. And I must say, it's not even Jack Frost in a bad role, the director of this movie is so bad, he must have had a good idea to work with. The plot is also not special and the characters are not good, they are boring and annoying. If you like Jack Frost and want a movie with him in it, this is a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had the feeling that the movie was going to end on a good note. It did. It was great and I would recommend skipping it. It wasn't a thrilling movie. The story is very weak and I don't understand why they stopped the movie at the end. I would suggest you take a trip and don't watch it unless you want to see the best movie ever. I was surprised how good it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I found myself sitting with my dog on the edge of my bed and started watching because the movie was so bad. The whole movie is not good, it is not entertaining and boring. It is just not entertaining. The best part is the movie is so low budget and badly done, it makes me wonder if the people who made the movie for the hell of it.  It starts out well, but it gets boring quickly. Then it becomes repetitive. I am wondering how many times I could sit and watch the movie.  The acting is awful. The movie is just plain bad. I think the people are trying to make the movie a masterpiece, they should just leave well enough alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title states I think you know it's a bad horror movie, right? Well if you like to watch people being slaughtered I guess you will enjoy this movie.  If you want to watch a horror movie with a plot that makes you believe its real then its okay, as long as its not made into a movie that was good.   If this movie was good it would have been a 10 out of 10, as I give this movie a 4 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie where a group of 14 year old girls try and play truant on the gangster boss who lives in a shanty with a big, ugly, wooden house. He is played by a 14 year-old boy, who doesn't look much different from the 14 year boy who made the original film.  I think the writer is one person too old to be playing the role of the gang boss, and the director is a 14-year-old. The characters are completely unsympathetic, and it's hard to believe that they're actually going to take the time to write a sequel to a film that has the same name, and try and make it even better.   The other side of the coin is the music. All the music is really uninspired. The girls are completely out of their minds. The acting is bad, and I can't even remember a few songs from this film, because I didn't even recognize them when I first heard about them.  The movie was very dull, and very stupid. The main characters were completely one dimensional, and one was more boring than the other. It was not even funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're into anime, you'll love this movie.   If not, pop a bowl of popcorn and watch "The Legend of Zu."  This was a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think the original one was a good one.  The original movie was great. I think the director got lost in translation.   I really hope the director gets the next "B" version of this movie so we can have a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a group of thieves who steal a bunch of gold from a vault and go on a spree killing people and setting off a new type of crime wave is so ridiculously and unbelievable that it's good to see this movie for. The story is bad, the acting is bad (and some of the acting was good, but there are a few good actors and the plot is weak), and the final result is just not scary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be extremely uninspiring. I mean, really, the movie is so bad it's good, the characters are so one dimensional and, worst of all, the plot is so unbelievable. If you are a fan of science-fiction or movies with a plot that isn't made up by someone who hasn't seen Star Trek or are like me, and like the movie, it's the story that makes you think you are watching a very bad movie. If the plot was good, you wouldn't waste a minute wondering what the "resolution" was, nor would you have a problem sleeping that night. The characters are one dimensional, the acting is bad, and the plot itself is a joke.  If you want a fun laugh, watch the movie and see how far you can get. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in the beginning, thinking it was going to be a funny movie, but I was wrong. I expected a lot from it, and I was so wrong.  The first 5 minutes of the movie were good, but the movie went downhill fast and really didn't make much sense at all.  There are two funny scenes in the entire movie, and they are the first one and the last one. They were a total joke.  I did like the scene where they were stuck in the hotel, and it was just sad. The only funny part was the "dinosaur fight" scene. The rest of the film is so poor and I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that bothered me in the whole film was how did they expect to be taken seriously if they thought the whole thing was "so silly"? This is the same tired, predictable, and predictable story line as the other two.    I give this movie a 3 for the effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a big disappointment. I rented it because of a friend, who was kind of interested in the story. The movie was bad enough, but nothing special. I mean the movie had a pretty good ending, and a pretty weak plot.  Overall, I would have to say that I was kind happy with the movie, but the movie was really not worth it. I guess the only really funny parts are the ending, where they are kind of silly and dumb. I think that could of been the best part of the movie.   Oh yeah, the best funny parts were the parts where they were kinda like talking to each other. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw the movie and thought "WOW! I have to see the movie again, I'll never watch it again!". I guess it must have been the worst movie I've ever seen. I've seen some great comedies in my time. I just hope the director can put this movie in a museum to show it to people who don't know anything about movies, but I've already had enough of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that could be made in a day. It's not that bad, I mean.  I like movies with a plot. But this movie has no plot and it's just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two types of movies in the world. There are the classic (greatly overrated) horror and the modern (small budget, high budget). In the latter case, it's a real shame that so few people have seen the classic movie. In the first one, the movie is a real classic, but in the modern, a real remake. The plot is interesting and the acting is good, which is why I rated it a 5. In comparison, this movie is nothing more than an average modern horror movie. The characters are bland and the movie itself is no more than a modern low budget horror movie with an extremely poor budget.  This movie was bad because it's bad. I've seen horror movies that are actually good, and they actually are scary, but this movie really sucks. It's a really bad movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I read in other comments, this movie has nothing to offer to the story. There is nothing new, nothing innovative, nothing original. The actors don't know how to act; the camera moves constantly, doesn't know what it's supposed to show. It's like the old "B" movie "The General" or "BATTLEFIELD OF THE MAGNOLIAS" in which every character has some kind of special effect or something.  The cinematography is OK, though.   I was very bored with this, and I was glad I wasn't paying attention to the plot, because I would have been more impressed if I had spent more time watching it.  As for the movie itself... Well, the movie had some good moments. It was interesting at times, but I guess if you are going to watch a movie with your friends, you'll want to be able to see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone else mentioned, the story is predictable and uninteresting and has no real meaning, as it were. I agree with the other poster, it is very very disappointing.  If you like a good horror film, and have not seen some of the other comments, you will see the real meaning of this movie.  I really hope the director doesn't go for the jugular ending, but that is really what he should aim for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's very bad, very stupid, and just not interesting at all.  The ending is just pathetic.  I was really looking forward to the end of the movie, but I guess I was not surprised.  Maybe it would have been better if it had been made earlier.  It was very tiring to watch.   I'm really not sure how they were able to cast so many unknowns.  There were a few good performances, but they were nothing special.  All in all, I would have to say I think that it was a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had known about this movie when I saw it at the movies in Omaha, I would have been in tears. I could not believe that this was actually a movie. This movie should have been wiped out of existence. It was awful.   If you have any idea about computers, I have no idea what you are doing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie for my own curiosity but I was so disappointed that I had to write a review about it. It wasn't a great movie and I have no idea how they managed to convince me to go watch it. I think this movie was shot in the early 90's and was probably shot at night in a bad neighborhood and it was an obvious waste of money. The camera was way too jumpy and the actors were way out of focus, the camera was shaky, and the lighting was dim and didn't work.  My first big problem with the movie is the soundtrack. I had heard of it and it's something like an indie rock band called "The Dandy Warhols" who had a record out.  This movie has a very low budget feel and that's not a bad thing. I thought the soundtrack was okay and the movie was OK. It was OK for the most part.  The movie is also very slow paced, and in the middle of the movie I found myself laughing so hard at how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad. There is absolutely no real reason to see this movie. This movie has been shot in really bad locations. The camera is just horrible. The sound is bad, and the plot is crap. This is the kind of movie that you would expect from a teenager wanting to watch a film on VHS.   This is a movie that is just bad. It is bad with a lot of bad actors.  I gave this movie a 3 because of the bad acting and the bad sound effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an action movie with bad effects, and it is bad, and this is bad. It's like the film Blow, but worse. It is badly made and I mean badly.  The movie is an endless parade of bad effects and cheap special effects, from the guns to the hand grenades, the fire, the explosions, the smoke, the blood, the gore, the dead bodies, the decapitation, the freezing cold, the heat, the lack of oxygen, the cold, and so on.  A complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I watched this movie for the second time and I couldn't take it anymore! The script is terrible and it's absolutely idiotic that people like this don't realize how incredibly stupid and senseless and pointless this movie is.  I really can't believe this was made.  There are really no good jokes or good acting in this movie.  And I really think this movie was directed and edited to the point of making the whole movie look like a parody of the original.  The plot is stupid, the jokes are bad, and the acting is awful.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that this movie made is because the director and co-writer didn't do their homework properly, or because the story is so boring and predictable. In the movie, there is a lot of talk about "the story of the road," and "how it all came together." The movie is so predictable, I'm not sure what happened to the original idea, or what happened with the "original road" idea. The story is actually a road movie with nothing special about it, and the road scenes are just shot in a day, just like a movie. I'm really surprised that it's so predictable and overblown.  I am so much by the story line, I give it a 1/10, even if I don't care about the acting, writing, direction, story, etc. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of this film is pretty cheesy. The script is basically a rehash of everything bad in the first film.  The actors are all the same. There is no chemistry, no chemistry. The movie is all one-note, cliché and badly done.  This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this film is the acting of both the actors and the script. I found the story of the man that is a "killer" in the beginning of the film to be very strange and pointless.  The man wakes up from a nightmare, kills his wife, and then he goes on a killing spree. He kills his first victim, a cop, and his next victim is the family's dog.  There are many mistakes that happen in this movie, and it is the worst.  My advice is to stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this movie on DVD after seeing the movie "Worst Movie of all Time" with James Coburn in the title. My friends and I saw this movie at 2:35 in the morning. The acting is awful. The script is so weak, I think that the director tried to imitate some of the old classics from the 20's, and that is the reason I give this movie such a low rating. The characters are so bad, I mean they act like caricatures of the movie. I mean the acting is so bad I don't know how they can act. And the movie is such a failure that I cannot understand how it ranks a rating of 3 or a 4. It's so bad that I'm giving this movie a 1 only for the time being, and it should be removed from my list of bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was disappointing in its story, as the main character is a spoiled son of a rich family who plays lots of video games.  The acting is so amateurish and wooden, that it's hard to make the story of the game any coherent, let alone entertaining.  I have to give credit to the actors: the acting was bad, the characters were dumb, the dialog was uninteresting, and the plot was flat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot summary is that a group of rebels in the middle east want to overthrow the current government in favor of a republic. The rebels are led by a former colonel who has joined a mercenary band of ex-cons who want to get rich in order to fight for the cause of freedom. They will be led by one particular former comrade of the former colonel. The mercenaries will be lead by a woman who is a former girlfriend of the colonel.  The movie is made up of scenes of rebels getting blown away by machine guns, getting blown up, getting captured, getting tortured, getting killed, getting a good look at a wounded comrade, getting burned alive, getting sodomized, getting maced, getting drugged, getting hit, getting hurt, getting healed, getting fried, getting drunk, getting infected, getting raped, getting hacked with shrapnel, getting shot, getting lost, getting run over by trucks, getting caught, getting knocked down, getting hung, getting beaten up, having their heads smashed with hammers, getting fired, getting thrown from buildings, getting their legs torn off, getting blinded, getting disarmed, getting burnt alive, and getting blown out. The movie doesn't go in for any of these. There is too much going on.   Overall, the movie is a waste of good footage, and the performances of all the actors in it are just below par. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not good as an action movie, but it is bad in a movie with no story line. The special effects are OK, the action is too predictable and unoriginal, and the movie is nothing more than an exercise in self-indulgence.  This film is like an exercise of what happens when you give a dog a bowl of food. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A movie with a really bad script is really a waste of my time. I've seen some really bad movies with really bad scripts, and this is the worst. I found myself actually having a hard time watching the movie because I just couldn't understand it. There are no characters, no plot, no dialog, no nothing. And what the hell was going on in the first 15 minutes??  I think the movie is just so bad I gave it a 2/10, because of the lack of real suspense and the ridiculous plot, the bad acting and the silly story.  I really hope that there was a good plot line, because the movie was just too weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has little plot. I have seen many bad films and I have come to the conclusion that this was one of them. The acting was bad, the script was bad and the special effects were horrendous.  The plot of this film was really weak. If the actors had acted in a way that was entertaining it would have been an action film, not a comedy. The way the plot evolved and kept making you not believe the story was bad was really dumb.  If this film had some good jokes in it I would have laughed at them in the beginning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just found this movie to be extremely tedious, very low budget, unoriginal, uninspiring, very, boring, and just plain boring. I'm shocked how they made it.  I would like to see this movie with Chris Walken (who is better than him), the entire cast of Walken's movies, and some new blood in the mix.   The only thing that kept me from giving this movie a 3 out of 10 was the fact that I have yet to see Walken in anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical film made by one of the biggest Hollywood studios. I can see the good guys, but they don't do that much. The movie is about the good cop and his partner, the guy that was hired to protect the cop. They get into a fight, and the cop dies.  There are other people in the film that do a good job, such as the other cop's girlfriend and the two cops. The whole movie is a mess, and there are some good scenes. It is a sad way to spend $6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is like "Troll 2". In that case, the acting is bad, the story is stupid and the movie is bad. The only good movie I've seen was "Jake the Dog".  So, you have to wonder why it ranks a rating of 2 or a 10 or 2. The acting is poor and the only good thing in this movie is the animation. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I saw was The Mother is Dead. The Mother played by the actor who played the original Mother has changed completely. This movie isn't that bad. It's not that bad but it's a mess. The main problem I had is the acting. It isn't realistic. It is not scary, exciting or shocking. The best part is the sound. It makes it sound like the actors are talking like teenagers. The music is boring, repetitive, and just plain boring.  It is one of those movies where the director was trying to do something new and found that he had to add another movie to his CV to get an award for his effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say about this movie is that i haven't seen a movie with the same plot in years, so maybe it's just my imagination.  But this movie does not fall short of being an embarrassing trainwreck.  First off, there is a scene where they are trying to find a place to go to sleep in the middle of a road, and you can see the outline of a building next to a bush.  If you don't pay attention, the movie is a joke, it's a waste of time, and a waste for anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I don't know what the hell the director was thinking.  The best thing about the movie is the special effects, it was very very fake and fake.  My main complaint about the story was that it wasn't told in a very interesting way.  This movie is nothing more than an exercise in writing a boring story, the characters aren't interesting enough to care about, and the direction is so bad that you just want to shut off the screen.  I can't recommend this movie, I just can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As much as I love those of you who say it is too serious, this movie is too much.    I have seen more movies with this plot line, but this one is not worth a rating.  It does not come close to anything that has ever happened on TV.  If you are hoping for something shocking, go for something that is shocking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a huge disappointment. It wasn't funny and the acting was terrible. There were two big laughs. One was about the first scene and the other was the last. I laughed at that. I don't know if it was the first or the last and that is the main reason to watch this movie. I think the funniest part was the beginning when the girl ran away from the shower and the ending was the best. I have seen worse comedies, funnier movies, and this was the worst of all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie is very bad, but it is so bad that it is bad, it is beyond bad. I know that the movie was made to be entertaining, because it has no real plot, and there is no real feeling about it.  The only really good movie in the entire movie is the one that is the most laughable. That is the only good movie I have ever seen.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What do I mean is that it's predictable.  There are three main reasons for a bad film to be so bad.   1. The main reason is the actors. In the movie the main character has a different name than the one in the book.  The other two reasons are the story. If the movie is about a man who's only dreamt up this story it will not only be a bad story.  It will be about this:  1) The man is a jerk.  2) His life story. That is the only reason.  3) The plot. It is really boring.  4) The ending. This movie is bad. And that's really the only good reason. I don't think you can get a plot like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins with an accident, but then the story becomes extremely predictable and the director doesn't seem to have a clue what he is doing. In a very long time we are led to believe that a meteorite fell on the earth and wiped out a race of people, and that the only survivor was a girl who hid from the meteorite and survived.  The acting is awful, the movie has a pretty good premise, and the directing is very, very, amateur.  Overall, this movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the first movie to be a lot better than the second one. I found myself getting a headache throughout the movie. The only thing I could see about this movie is how awful it is. The acting is awful and the movie is just plain bad.  It's really hard to tell if the movie was bad or if there was some good writing. The movie is so bad that you wonder if they are serious when they write something like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie is to see how bad it was. The story is not interesting, the acting is bad, and the plot is not original.  I think I'll stick with the movie. It's better than the "St. Elsewhere" of the 90's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is, well, I've seen it all. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid and the cinematography is poor. It was so bad, I felt embarrassed for the director.   I really hope that whoever financed this film was serious when they made it. I don't recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is terrible, and I really don't know what else could possibly be. I don't think there is any good plot or acting, and the plot is completely silly.  The film is very, very, boring and is completely un-funny, and has no real story at all.  I can't believe that I wasted money on this movie, but it was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one big lie that just does not fit the facts. In fact it was a lie from start to finish.  The beginning was a pretty good, almost surreal, movie. There were some good moments but nothing really memorable.  After the first hour i just lost interest. The rest is bad, i mean bad.  So watch it only if you really don't care about your brains and your eyes have crossed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was this all about?  The acting is awful. The movie is the worst I have ever seen. The story was so much I couldn't even pay full attention. I couldn;t even finish the movie, so it will not tell you how bad the movie is. The only reason to watch this movie is to see how bad it is. I do not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie had come to life it would have looked something like the following:    - The main story has been played to death by a few good actors and it has taken a few days to realise why.   The main reason for this movie is the way in which it was made and the casting.  As a whole, the movie is a joke.  The only really funny thing in the whole movie is how bad it is.  I would recommend people to stay away from this movie unless they are really desperate to watch a comedy about some famous comedians. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What are you supposed to do when you are watching a movie that is completely devoid of any actual story, and is simply devoid of all plot lines, camera movements, camera angles, lighting, etc, and simply filmed in the wrong spot at the wrong time with no effort whatsoever to use any special effects whatsoever? I don't know. It's just a bad waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the acting was mediocre.  This is an extremely bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were watching this movie at home and could have seen it, it would have been painful. I would have probably laughed out loud. I am a nice guy, but I don't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a lot of hype in the movie. There are dozens of things that just don't add up to make this movie a masterpiece. The acting is poor. The plot is nothing. And the fact that it stars the "mainstream" cast in such a bad way makes this a bad film.   I gave this movie four stars out of ten, so I can't give any of my thoughts about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this movie because it's one of those that seems to be made by a small group of high school students and they have the energy and self-discipline to produce something so dreadful.  Well, let me confess to you, I'm not one of them. I went out to see the movie, and I saw a movie so bad, I nearly fell asleep. It was a waste of time.  The main reason I went was the special effects. The costumes were crappy and the story just didn't add up to the budget.  If I hadn't been so stupid and so fed up with this movie, I would have never seen it, nor have I been that sick at the time I did. I really don't understand why this movie got such rave reviews. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts off with a bang bang. The first ten minutes are good but when the action really kicks off the story is poor. The characters are flat and the movie is uninteresting and poorly filmed. I thought the acting was terrible as hell.  The only good part is the scene where the old man tells the girl to get out of the car with him. That was a nice touch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie i have seen. This movie is the only movie that i saw that i have watched that was entertaining.  I do think that this movie should have been shot in the first place.  There was not much to enjoy about this movie. The whole movie was a waste of time.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't think I have seen a movie that was this terrible...  I thought that it was a very boring movie, the plot was bad, the acting was bad and the humor was terrible.  I was so bored and annoyed by it, that I decided to watch it. The movie was awful, and I couldn't stop laughing, or turn my volume off! I mean, what the hell is this? A movie with a movie's name on it, and an actors name on, that's boring!  Oh, well, if I want to see a good movie, I'll see a couple of good movies, and this will be the one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very difficult to see why this movie is considered a comedy. This movie is very much a comedy than a comedy, and the jokes aren't funny at all. The movie is much more a collection of cliches than it is a comedy! It is a very dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie had the potential to be great, it wasn't, and I'm glad I didn't waste my time watching it. The main reason I didn`t watch it was that I don`t know anything about it, because it`s so bad, I didn´t know where it came from. So it`S not the worst movie I have ever seen, I don´t think, but it`VE the worst acting I have seen from the entire movie. The movie is so bad that I have to stop watching it, I'm getting tired of it, and the jokes aren`t funny as I expected. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was bad. I mean, the main plot was "how can you beat this guy." There were many other things going on. But it was really really awful. This movie was really nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was horrible. It's like the film makers are claiming that they are some sort of expert on film, and that it's better to watch a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie had some good acting, but nothing spectacular. The plot was boring, and the acting was poor.  This was not as bad as "Aliens", the other movie with the same plot.   I was looking for a really good movie with good actors. So, I had high expectations.  Well, wow...  This is the movie that I got.  I mean, I loved "Alchemica", and I hated "Alter Ego", and "Manos" (which I also hated), and I loved this movie.  The plot is predictable, the dialog is sub-par, and I can't see how this movie was good at all.  And I was right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie starts out OK but then after an hour I could not take anymore, but after another hour I still found myself turning the DVD off and on. The story is not very interesting, but it is not bad.  The ending is not what you expect from a horror movie, but if you want to see a good horror movie don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well this movie is awful. I really think it's a bad film. The actors are bad, the director should never have put this movie in a movie. The story is just bad. The acting is bad. And the direction, the photography, everything, is terrible.  I think the only good movie in this movie was "The Eye." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a local movie theater. The story is boring, the script is predictable, the direction is terrible, and the acting was bad. I wouldn't even recommend this movie to someone who likes to watch mindless thrillers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was terrible. The acting was bad, the writing was bad. It's one of those films that is just so bad, that the audience just cannot believe it, that it actually made. It has no story. The actors are bad. The camera was shaky. The editing was terrible, the sound was bad and the editing is terrible. And the script is so bad that it's good. The characters are just bad. I'm just trying to figure out how it made it to production.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a pity that there are no subtitles for the subtitles in this film. The subtitles are just plain uninteresting and the story has nothing interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those films where you can't watch it, because it's so incredibly awful. There's not much action, and the story is really thin.  There's no one memorable moment in this movie, and it's really not worth watching. The acting is terrible, and is probably one of the worst ever given to a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film had a lot of good actors, especially from the beginning, and the movie looked like it could be a great film. It had some good dialog, but I think that the director could have done much better if he just stuck with what he was good at and focused more on the story instead of the acting.  If you are expecting a film that will bring you joy and be filled with action and mayhem, you will be disappointed.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first episode is the usual, yet forgettable and dull, B-movie fare of the nineties. The acting is horrible, the plot is incoherent and the film-making is just plain bad. I don't even care for the cast, which are all fine actors anyway, but they should just leave the acting to the director and leave the story to be told by the creator of the show, and not the producers. This show could have been a great show if it didn't have a good concept, as the only thing that made it worth watching in the first place is the way the people who made the show were portrayed.  The whole concept of the film was an absolute joke. It wasn't even funny in the slightest, yet it was bad enough to be funny.  I would love to see this show as a complete waste of money and time. I would be very surprised to see a good sitcom like this succeed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a complete waste of time. I can see why it failed to attract a single viewer. It's not that the acting is bad, the script is bad and the story is bad. In the end it fails to even make up the story, and as a result the whole film is so incoherent.  I mean come on, it was like a bad dream.   The plot was bad, there's no way a movie could come up with this. The entire movie is based around an old man trying to find his wife. He's going to stop at nothing to find her. He goes to a hotel, sleeps with the woman, finds a girl in the hotel, then goes to find the girl. The whole movie is just a failed attempt to make a movie.  The ending is a stilted, illogical mess. If you want to see a good movie, this isn't one to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many movies about the Indian Ocean region but this is one of the worst I have ever seen. I am amazed that a movie as bad as this could have been made in Hollywood, especially considering the budget for this film. I did laugh at the movie, but it was not really funny. It seems that they had to make a comedy about an old woman who has a long-time lover and wants to be with him for life, even though he is a complete failure as an actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems to have started out as a great piece of art. The opening sequence in which the characters are dancing to the tune of "Hallelujah" seems to be one of those 'art' pieces - the art is not what you get, but is what you want it to be. It's too bad it could have been so much more entertaining, and it is just not the dancing. The dancing is what the movie was trying to do - it tried to be something more than it was - it's just not good.  As for the plot, it's not really anything special, and is very, very predictable.  It's just that I can't really see how they achieved the same kind of 'arc' you get in other movies, but they don't, so it doesn't matter.  This movie is about a bunch of people who want to dance and who think that they're in for a big party, so they try to dance with the 'right' people, and soon enough, the dancing begins, and so on - you know the drill.  There is not much of anything special about this movie, so you can leave it, it doesn´t cost much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad... Bad, bad, bad... I just finished watching it... The acting was bad, the cinematography was horrible. The direction was horrible and the special effects were bad. The plot was poor, the story didn't make sense, the plot was boring... I can't even finish saying how bad it was.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the words of the title, this film is just "boring" - if you ask me. If you ask a child, "what do you think about a'saturday night special'?" they'll tell you "I like it!" and they'll probably be on to something else. In the film however, we learn that the two stars of the film are actually the two parents - who've never met and are now divorced. We're never allowed to see their reasons for getting divorced - we are to only learn that they've had a fight, have gotten hit with a car and are living in a hospital, unable to have an apartment of their own, and so on. What we are shown is a bunch of characters living in two completely different worlds, with completely different lives. The main character, a father with a wife, is living in the hospital and is in a relationship with another woman, who is a "nurse", who is supposed to be in his hospital bed. The hospital nurse is in the city and has no life. The nurse, the nurse who's supposed to take care of the children, is going out with the guy. The "other woman" - the woman who is the naltive - is living a life of drug abuse, drug abuse and drug abuse.  I have to admit, this is just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a shame more and more films are getting this bad. I think this was a very bad film. The characters are so fake and the story so bad it was not even funny. I laughed hysterically throughout the film.  I think it would have been better if the director spent some time on the story and put some real humor in it. I really hope they don't waste any more time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A small budget made for a small screen, which is, by the way, supposed to be able to make it to a third of the way through the film, doesn't leave much of a reason for the film to be interesting. Instead, the script is boring, the acting is bad, and the film is just dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that i was waiting for my DVD player to be reset, so i could finally watch it.  The movie starts off with a pretty good beginning, and it is really not much better than i had hoped for. The beginning is really a disappointment, the movie is very much a waste of time.  It seems to be a parody of the TV series, but it is actually just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's a lot of cheese in this movie. The first half, I think is the most cheese and the rest of the movie is more cheese and some kind of weird story.  The first thing that strikes me is the acting. It's so bad, it's really hard to believe. I don't believe the actors, and I don'nt even believe the producers put this crap together, but I really don't care.   It was really sad when they had such a good story. The movie really sucks! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What we get here is the typical 'good-vs-evil' story that has been done to death.  The 'good' guy gets revenge, the 'evil' gets what they deserve, and it's all because a bunch of 'innocent' people who are just unlucky enough to be in the wrong place at the wrong time (a la Pulp Fiction) are targeted by the 'good guy' and he comes back in time to exact his revenge on them...and when he comes across the 'innocents', he simply goes on a killing spree.  I don't know why I expected a horror film to be so good. It's supposed to be a suspense film, but it's very hard to watch suspense films that aren't well done.  If you are looking for a good thriller, this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, as I was reading some of the other comments, and there were some good comments. The story is one big joke, and the cast was bad. I mean it was really terrible. I just don't understand how a movie this bad could be made and still come out with a laugh. This movie is a joke. It was really lame. The jokes weren't funny, but the movie was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A remake of "The Incredible Mr. Limpet", the original "Mr. Lim Pet" is about a limpet who saves the day of a pet store owner by jumping on his tail, then the limpet goes on a killing spree of the owner's family and friends.   "Pet Sematary" is a sad movie.  The script is extremely poor.  I have seen a lot worse movies and this movie is nothing new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very surprised. The plot is very predictable. The ending is not surprising and there are some odd scenes that are very stupid and stupid. It is a bad film. I give it a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an insult to the brain.  I saw it on TV last night and decided to watch it with some friends.  What I saw was a big lie.  The actors, the story, the cinematography was terrible, and I'm really surprised how bad it was.  There was no way the story was realistic and at the same time didn't make it look like a good movie.  Maybe I don't agree with the premise that the story is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early hours of the morning, I was in a trance. I thought this was a comedy about a car accident, but I was wrong. I mean, the movie had more plot, more acting, more ridiculous humor, and more unnecessary scenes than I could possibly count.  The ending could have been a great deal better, because the plot was so incredibly convoluted, I had trouble understanding what was going on.  In conclusion, I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, no matter how big your ego is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete failure. There is no plot. The acting is horrible. I really do not understand why it was made. The plot is boring and the direction is bad. It is bad like "KISSING" or "HORSET", it is not even good like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of the movie is, basically, about a group of high school kids in need of money to pay for their teacher's retirement. They have to get a little help, but there's an invisible man (who looks like a high school student) that will help them. The movie has several "plot" sub-plots.  This is really bad. It is just bad.   I'm glad it didn't go into a full-blown tragedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie it's very obvious that there's an audience that would like this movie. The acting is poor, the plot is predictable, the script is crap. I have a feeling that if you read the book it would be better.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone, unless you really are a student of the book. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really expecting an interesting movie but I was pleasantly surprised. The whole movie reminded me of The Bourne Ultimatum, but this movie is far more boring than that. I am still surprised that this movie has received the kind of critical acclaim it has. It really is the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is so bad I really had to rent it. I could have done better myself.  This movie has nothing interesting about it and I have to wonder why I wasted my time watching it.   This isn't a comedy that is funny. I don't know how they were able to make this movie, because the humor is so corny.  The movie is so unbelievable I am surprised that the producer/director/writer could have been serious when he made this movie.  I'm really disappointed with the movie. It was not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to start by saying this: I don't care how you spell it, this is an all time bad movie. I'd like to know what the director was trying to say. I guess he tried to come up with something more intelligent than the current trend of films about high crime and drug abuse. In the end he came up with nothing.  So now I'm just wondering how can you go wrong with a movie about a drug addict who is going to commit suicide and then kill himself after he gets caught?  It just doesn't add up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been an huge fan of Ben Stiller and he is certainly deserving of his Oscar. This is a bad and boring film about a sleazy American lawyer (who is also a psychologist) who is out to destroy Ben's family and then the world, but the people of the world will stop it.  I think it would have been much more effective to have just focused on the mental abilities of the lawyer and not the family.  The movie was just a horrible mess and I was very annoyed by the film, but I do have to say that I'm glad I watched it because I did not like the whole film.   I have not seen the sequel, nor am I going to. I'll just say that this was a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very poor film with a few laughs.  The only reason I rated it is because I found it to be so incredibly lame and unbelievable.  I'm not a big fan of Michael Keaton's work, but I'm very impressed that this is the only film he has ever made.  In the film, the director makes no attempt to bring Keaton back to his normal form of acting (with the exception of one very brief and funny scene in which he tries to convince the audience that he's an actor), and instead resorts to playing a comic-book character.   In an era when most actors seem to be walking around in the acting business, it's shocking to see Keaton, who has done so many great movies, playing this character. Even when you are a kid, and can't even remember Keaton from the "A Brief History of Time" (the only one I remember), you will still be extremely entertained by this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie can be considered a "serious film" is if you're a teenager, a fan of Christopher Walken, or even like the actors involved.  This movie is not "serious" at all, is not interesting at all and is not even entertaining in the slightest.   I would like to see a serious and interesting movie that is not made by Christopher Walkn, but is simply boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very much like The Matrix, or the Matrix. I don't know if I liked the whole thing, but I did like the movie.  It starts off in a very interesting and dark setting. We see some kind of computer monitor, that shows the image of a plane crash, and some people on the ground, and that seem to be dead. It's very interesting, and I am still unsure how I feel about the computer monitor.  After the computer displays some images of dead people on a plane, we are suddenly shown that the plane crashed, and there are some people, but there are no dead people. We are told it was an accident, and the people are all dead.  There are a lot of flashbacks, and it's very confusing, as is the plot. I guess that's the movie for people who want to watch a really bad movie. If I was in the mood for this movie, I would have been really bored and wondering.  I did however like the ending. I didn't feel like it was completely unrealistic, but at the same time I did think it was a bad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was very, very slow paced. The script was very weak. It was very bad acting. The plot was completely ridiculous. The ending was so weak that you couldn't believe it was coming. The special effects were bad. The movie was boring. The direction was terrible. The cast was bad.  The plot is very bad. You would think that after watching this movie you would get a headache.   The only thing that is good about it is the acting.  It is not worth a movie rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't see how this movie is supposed to be any better than the first one. I watched it with a group of people and found myself wanting to get up and walk around. The acting is horrible, the writing is horrible.   The only redeeming feature was that the cinematography was decent and that the music was not good at all.  It's not that I was bored or not that the acting was bad. I found the movie boring and the plot was not interesting.  The movie is really, really bad. The plot is a weak one and the cinematographic is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that most foul language in the world can't be used. It is the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean the kid can act. And he is a kid, so I guess I should forgive him. I would like to know how did he do it.  I just saw this movie. It was so horrible, I wanted my money back. I had to rent something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie has the usual "good vs evil" battle of good vs evil. The good vs bad battle, it's really stupid. I really didn't expect much from this movie, and I didn't pay to see it either. It was too bad and the movie was too long. It would have been much better if the movie were shorter and less exciting.  The cast for this movie is not interesting, they are all in the movie acting in their own special way. I think the movie should have been a lot better.  This movie should be removed from the list of movies that are bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're in search of a movie that will give you no trouble whatsoever, look no further! This movie starts with some good acting and nice visuals, and proceeds with no real plot. Well, what we get is a plot that isn't believable, and in fact isn't even really interesting at all. The characters are so affected by one liners that you really can't care anymore what happens to them, and you don't care what happens with the characters at all!  It has been stated that this movie was made with a large budget, and that's not true. The production is nothing short of a joke! The movie is completely devoid of all good actors, and is so very poor that you could laugh at it for hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be quite dull and very lifeless. The plot was weak. The acting was terrible. The only thing that made it good was the story line, which was basically a bad one. There were some nice touches to the story, such as when the main character talks about having a dream, that could have been a great one.  The movie just seemed to coast along. There is no real connection to the real world, and the movie seemed to be nothing more than an exercise in meaningless art.  Overall, I would advise avoiding this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the result of a bad script, and it shows. The director of this film should be ashamed of himself and his wife for having wasted so much time on this film. I have a feeling that this movie was made just to show how bad it is.  I'll give credit to the cast for actually doing some fine acting.  This is one of the worst scripts I've seen. I wish the director had switched to Spanish instead of Korean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my girlfriend and after we left the cinema we sat in the car talking about how we are going to take it to the police. I don't know if it was the fact that it was a bad film that made me think that it would be good, or was it the bad acting and acting? I don`t know, I guess it is an open question.  I can`t imagine a movie with this much bad acting...  I am glad I didn`t spend £6.50 on it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is interesting to see a story about the relationship of an old woman who has a violent history, and a man who is a violent person, on screen without the slightest hint of subtlety or tact.   The actors have the potential to bring tears to eye, and if you watch the movie with an open mind you'll understand why.  If you're looking for a movie that contains a lot of violence you may enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was waiting for something to happen on this show, so I turned on my recorder and started watching it. Boy, was I disappointed. This is by far the worst show I've ever seen.  The acting was bad, the plot was weak and just plain boring. And the show was bad. The special effects were laughable.  So if you like seeing giant robots fight over the city, this is not it.  My advice, if you want to watch a good show, you are going to be disappointed in a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a bad film with a title that can be taken seriously. I can't think of one, and I've been watching TV movies since I was 6 years old. This is a complete waste of film. I'm not going to bother with plot, because this movie is not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is a total rip off of "The Cat and the Canary", but unfortunately "The cat and the canary" is no longer a fun watch. It also has the same old humor.  The two main characters are the cat and his friend "Cecil" (played by Billy Hatton). They are just so irritating, and the rest of the cast is a bunch of unneeded extras.   I think the film is still bad, but I haven't seen it in a long time, so I don't know.  I just wanted to warn people to stay away from this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea who thought this was a good movie...  The actors did an okay job... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part is interesting and the second part is about the relationship between the two main characters.  It has been pointed out before that this film is a 'cameo' and the ending is not a 'cliché' (but in fact it is not the worst film I have ever seen in my life!). This film is not interesting at all.  The acting is bad, the script is bad and the story is crap.   I really do not know how you can look at this and be impressed by it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a big disappointment for me. I could barely sit through it. The sound was terrible, the characters were boring, and I felt the director wanted to go for broke with the special effects and CGI to try to show us a little bit of "realistic" art.  The story is set on a space station and the story is really about this one guy who is trying to live his dream. He has no real desire for any kind of life and just sits around aimlessly. The other characters in the station, aside from the director, were completely wooden and one dimensional.  In the beginning, the story seemed really interesting. I think that was the beginning of the movie.  There is really no connection with this movie at all. I don't think it was trying to show that people from Earth were any different from us. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not even funny! If you like low budget, boring movies, then I would like to recommend this movie. It is not funny. The jokes are so bad that you may actually laugh out loud... or just look at the screen and laugh out. It will be the first movie ever that I have ever seen that has had the chance to see this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As someone who's been reading a lot about this film, I was kind of looking forward to this movie, but it was just the opposite. I actually started to get a little bored, and the movie ended up becoming the worst film I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that got me fired up for writing this review. This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. It is so bad, I could watch the movie over and over and get the same reaction time. If you like watching bad movies, you should see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What makes this movie such a bad film is that the story is not told in a believable manner. The movie is boring, predictable and nothing more.  I'm not saying this movie is the only bad movie I've seen, but I am saying that this is the WORST movie I have ever seen.  This movie was bad. I was mad to see this movie. It wasn't funny. I just did not laugh once throughout the entire movie.  It is not interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the book twice, and can't believe this was made by the same person. The plot was awful, the acting was bad, and the whole thing was just plain unoriginal.  The acting is just awful, and I really don't know what they were trying to do. I've seen some really bad acting, but this was just bad.  I'd recommend skipping this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A new low in cinema, The Real Dudes is an atrocity. It is filled with extremely low budget production and terrible cinematography. The cinematography is very bad, there are no good close ups. The camera movements are very choppy and choppy. It lacks the energy of The Hills Have Eyes and the film lacks the life of a real man. The sound is horrible, the script is horrible and the acting is bad.  It was a terrible film with a good soundtrack, good acting, good cinematography and good sound. I recommend The RealDudes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that was never really well made and is actually bad   This movie is a big disappointment from the other movies made in the last ten years. The actors are not good at all, the script is  poor, the story is  boring. I have to give the director credit for  doing something with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it first came out and I was shocked by it. The story was ridiculous and had no plot. The acting was awful. The camera was very shaky. The editing was terrible. The script was horrible. The dialog was stupid. And the end...wow...really...  This movie was so bad that I gave it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my 17 year old daughter, and she came away with her eyes watering. The whole movie was about this woman and her dream to make a great movie. The only funny part was the last ten minutes when it showed this woman getting into a shower with some guy in a towel, and that was supposed to make the movie better. This movie was way too long and not funny at all.  My sister and I were kind of drowsy, and we had to fast forward a lot of times just to get through the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, the writer-director takes a group of friends to an old friends' place to play a game of dare.  One friend gets to drink a lot of booze, and has his last drink with his friends, then asks for the rest of his booze so he can go on a trip.  While the other friend who had his last drinking wants to join the party, the friend's roommate's turn out to be the "responsible" one who wants the drunk friend to keep his promise.  The story goes no where, the characters are not funny or engaging at all, and the movie itself is boring and over the top.  A lot of the acting in the movie could have been better, the directing was good, and so is the script.   This is a bad film, I think it would be a good movie, a bad 3rd rate B film with a 2 out of 10, but it gets a 1 out of 5 for the originality of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen a comedy this bad in my life...I have seen a few laughs...this one is just crap. If you want to see a funny, dumb, trash movie, go for it, even if you are a 9-year old kid with no brain activity, it will still be crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think I have seen all of the films but I'm afraid I haven't seen one that could come close to being this bad.  So I was quite excited to see this movie because I really wanted to see the movie. The acting was bad and the story was not very interesting. The plot wasn't very interesting at all.  I really don't know how this movie became such a big hit. It is a really dumb movie that doesn't do anything very interesting and is only a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film had a lot of bad acting and it looked like a very bad movie. I think it could have been a good movie with some great comedy. It wasn't good at all.   It could have a lot better if it was in color and had a more original plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title and summary of this movie is not a bad spoiler, it's a spoiler for those that want to read the movie summary, but I thought that it was a pretty terrible movie.   What's more, it seems like the producer/director just didn't really know what to do with this movie. The director/producer was just plain uninspired, but he should have stopped trying to make a movie and just concentrated on making good television. I don't know if this movie was really worthy of any rating or not, but it really was just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is not a comedy, but a comedy. It is not funny. It tries too hard to be serious. The movie fails to be amusing at times.  The film tries to be a serious, serious and interesting movie. I tried to laugh at the end. It was a boring and sad movie.  I am very surprised that the director, James Dickey, accepted such an insulting invitation to a comedy show.   I think I would never recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is about a man who, along with his friends, has a passion for watching the show. I mean, it was a pretty dull show to watch, and that's all. The acting was bad, the characters were dull, the plot was boring, and the jokes were awful. So, to summarise... I'm not going to waste my time commenting on this film because I want to be able to watch it again and I want my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. It was so bad I couldn't even finish it.  I'd like to have to give this movie a rating of zero. It's really not funny.   The only funny thing about this movie is a joke about the old and new "Hundstage" in which the comedian is so unbelievably terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my 14 year old cousin, and he came up with some comments. He had no idea what was going on. It is so bad, that it is bad. The acting is terrible. The sound effects are the worst sound I have ever heard. I would recommend skipping this movie at all cost. The movie is so horrible, that the entire family left the movie room after the first half hour. The ending is the worst ending I have seen in a long time. It was like a bad TV movie. The only good parts were the beginning and the end credits. I have watched this movie so many times that my memory has finally stopped. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a small, poor country like Rwanda, the only people that get their fair share of the pie of a government are people who have chosen to live the life of a nomad or a refugee, rather than as a citizen. This is the situation that exists every day in Rwanda.    The government is nomadic and the government is incapable of managing the territory. There are countless examples of this lack of trust, as well as lack of cooperation between the police and the army.  I have a personal opinion that the government should not take any risks. They should leave behind the armed forces and let the people live a normal life, instead of allowing them to decide for themselves how they want to live their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this movie I was trying to figure out why it made the 1 hour and a half. I thought it was because the story was not very interesting and it made it look like a movie that was made to make money and sell it to a movie theater audience. The only way to save this movie is if it has a good plot and good cinematography. I guess if it was a movie I would not have to rent it but I would have given it a 3 out of 10 cause the cinematography is pretty good but the story is weak and boring and it gets a 1/10. I would say if you are hoping for a movie with good plot that you should try and make your movie a good movie. I don't recommend this movie because I think it would be more entertaining than the movie I watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD from Amazon.com and watched it over the holidays and I came away feeling extremely dazed. The acting is bad and the plot is terrible. The camera work is awful and the sound is very intrusive and not even the sound editing can save this film. I cannot stress enough how this film is very low budget and how badly I expected it to be. The actors were so bad I almost fell asleep and I kept wondering what the hell was going on. It was like watching a very bad version of Lord of the Rings. I do not know why. I just can not recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in a very, very bad cinema and was very disappointed. It had a really bad, very boring story. The acting was bad. The sound was bad and I can't really even write a sentence about it.   My only complaint is that it didn't really give me any emotion. It didn't make me laugh and felt like there was nothing special about it other than the fact that I am not a big fan of horror movies.  This movie is not scary. It just made me very uncomfortable.  The only really good movie I liked was "The Corpse Vanishes" (2003) and was also a very strange, very dark and creepy movie.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone and if you want a scary horror, don't watch this movie. It will be a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is very badly made and I believe the director should be ashamed. The actors are very wooden and very fake looking. The music is very poor. The editing is very very choppy. The script is bad. The sound is horrible. The camera is bad, the script is not funny, and the direction is not very good. The cast is bad...and the movie is bad as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a bad sci-fi fan. This is the worst movie I've ever seen. The only thing that kept me watching it was the acting.  The plot was...boring and the direction was...low. It is not scary in a good way, and the movie was not entertaining at all.  I wish they had used a good story and a good script to make a good movie like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie to be very boring. The plot was weak and the acting was horrible. The characters were weak and un-sympathetic. The only reason I give this movie a rating is because the plot and acting was so uninspiring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie I've seen and the only thing that makes this movie better is the soundtrack. The music is terrible. The acting is terrible--it's awful--and the movie is horrible. This movie was just sucks.  I'm trying to watch it so I can get my money back. The movie has about as much entertainment value as a Snuff film, and worse.  If you want to see a good movie, don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was at a low grade movie the other night and I was so bored that I had to turn it off after 5 minutes. The script was the worst script I have ever seen, and the plot was really stupid. I felt like the director was going to be assassinated for this film.  If you are looking for a good, quiet, but well done movie with no music then this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a typical B-movie from the 40's that never really was. It's a boring, pretentious, and ultimately, insulting piece of film. The acting is bad, the plot is weak, and the whole thing is just plain bad.  I've seen better movies that were this bad. But if you can't really appreciate what's really going on, then I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a scene where a young woman is trying to find her way to her life, her father has just died and she takes a trip to the beach. On the way, she sees a boat that doesn't seem to have any sails on it and a man is trying desperately to figure out what happened to his son.   When she gets to the island, the man seems to have been killed in the past, and is trying his best to get the girl to go along with him. In his final moments, he makes a weird decision that he is going to leave her to fend for herself and try to get some help, and when he finds that help, she makes a strange, yet incredibly decision to go with him, knowing full well that he has killed her father and needs to find out if she has made the right decision.  This is a typical "B" horror film. I have seen a lot better movies, but this is an alright horror flick.  The ending has to be one of the worst ending I have ever seen, and the movie doesn't deliver.  If you are going to watch this film, I suggest you see The Omen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a really bad remake of "Somewhere In Time", only better. It is absolutely terrible, the characters are all cardboard and there are very few convincing shots, there is no real story line, and the director doesn't even bother to use a decent camera to capture a good shot. It's just all about the beautiful music and it's absolutely the most boring movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm trying to be generous with a bad script like this. The writing is terrible and the directing is the only saving grace. The ending is just an embarrassing failure. I'd have given this movie a 1 for effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I went into this film thinking it would be a masterpiece. I was wrong. It's a complete failure. The story is so bad, the script is so fake, that I'm surprised that I even sat through it. The movie is nothing but a pathetic pile of garbage. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, it is very sad that so few people have commented on this film. I am afraid that there are too many people who think that the only reason to watch it is to see a good comedy. I have nothing against a good movie. In fact, it was great fun and I am glad I did not pay for it myself. I would like to see more of a plot, although there is one funny scene in the movie. The ending is very weak. The last half of the movie was OK, but that could have been avoided. The movie is very bad.  If you want to watch a good one, you can do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was a terrible movie. It is very disappointing. It has a very low budget. It appears to have been made with a great sense of humour and not a care for the characters.  I have to say I am really don't know what I expected from this movie.  My biggest complaint is the terrible acting. I saw a few good actors and they did good acting.  All in all I think the movie is pretty rubbish terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is horrible and I think I've seen it all. I don't know. I just don't care.  This movie is an embarrassment. It's boring. I think it's boring, I think the acting is awful.  I think that the plot is pretty bad, I really do. The story was pretty bad and it's very predictable and I've said that about many other bad movies.  The special effects are bad. I mean, the special effects in this movie were the worst I've ever seen.   The plot is, really, bad. The characters are...really...I mean, it's really, really crappy.  And that's why I gave this movie a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not that bad but it was bad. If you can't make it through the first 15 minutes then you can probably expect a decent plot and a decent story. If that's what you're hoping for then you should just watch TV-Shop for 10 hours straight instead of wasting your time with this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that the entire movie industry should never have made. The only thing that saves it is if the director and the studio are willing to say "yes" to every single cliche ever invented for a horror film.  I give this movie a 3 out of 10 just because of the special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I liked about this movie was the casting of the leads. In the end of the movie the movie turned out to be a very dull, predictable and bad movie. There is nothing interesting to say about this film. The acting was terrible. I really hope that the director gets some help. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the film that made the first installment of the great Neil Simon book, and that movie, the Neil Simon play.  I think it's safe to say that I'm going to rent the sequel to this movie, because the movie is so bad that it becomes a good joke.  There is one line that is good, and I laughed at the idea of a guy wanting to get a girlfriend. He's a lonely guy, and is going to be lonely forever.   This movie is a joke. It's really nothing more. The characters in the movie are so irritating and boring, and are in such a pathetic state that they don't have anything interesting to say. I found myself getting annoyed by the characters, but they were just annoying and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was very, very bad. The music was bad, the acting was bad and the plot was...  The ending... the ending... was horrible. The story... the plot... I mean... I couldn't understand... The characters... They were all so fake and fake and i just don't care about them.  The thing is, it was... I don't know, it didn't feel real. It just... I wanted to like it...  I was going to finish this by saying that i hated it and that it was a horrible movie. I'm not a prude, i'm a normal guy... I can't take it anymore... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a big fan of "Pulp Fiction", you will see why I am so harsh about the word "Pulp Fiction". Pulp Fiction is a fictional movie, and is not one made up to be watched. The only reason I am harsh about this movie is because I think the title is misleading. "Plunder Fiction" is a very old, and very pretentious word used in a way to describe a lot of other films.  In the beginning of the movie, the main character of Pulp is shown to be a serial killer. He has killed many people and put them in coffins with him. But he is also seen to be playing the "Pit Of The Pulp" game, and he even has the game set to "the Pulp's Pit".  But this movie could have taken a much better title.  The plot is poor, and the acting is bad.  I was really looking forward to the ending, and was really surprised. It seemed like the ending was going to be like "The Last House On The Left" but I am glad to see it was not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful, very, very disappointing, very bad and not good. The acting was bad, the story was weak, and the director should be ashamed of himself.  I was watching this movie with friends when I saw it and we were laughing hysterically and saying how terrible this movie was. The plot is predictable, the characters are not interesting and there is not any real sense to it.  The only good parts were the two women who were in it. I am so glad that they did not see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that kept me watching this film was that the director's brother (David Hasselhoff) did not look at the screen when he started talking. He was not paying attention, but instead kept on saying "This is the stupidest movie ever" in the world. The plot was a joke. The actors were bad, the acting was terrible. I give this movie a 3 out of 10 because it was so bad that I gave it a 1 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with the most trivial thing about a couple of guys that are getting drunk and having wild passionate sex on a private yacht. The movie goes on to show a couple getting killed in a freak accident. They're then shown in their bed with the killer and there's nothing else.  This movie is one of the worst comedies I've ever seen. The humor is terrible, the plot is ridiculous, the ending is just horrible, the acting is crappy, and the direction is horrible.   The only thing that made this movie worthwhile was the brilliant soundtrack, which made the movie sound even more unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was first released, and I'm sure the movie is still trying to play catch up to the original movie. This movie tries so hard to be a remake, and it does.   The story is just not believable, but that's all the movie has to offer.  I can't even begin to write an honest review of this movie, because it's so bad it hurts my eyes.  The plot of this film is stupid, not funny, and most of the other actors are the same as in the original. The original movie is just boring, and this is just the same.  It's not even entertaining, but I know, I don't have much to say about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my 16 year old cousin, and the movie was very boring. It didn't have the energy of a really good film. It just lacked the sparkle of something great, something great at the end of the day.  If you liked "The Lion King", "Beauty and the Beast", "The Great Mouse", "Fantasia", "Gripping With the Cheezy", "Cinderella" or "Tortilla Flat" - then you would think this is for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should be given a rating of 1 or 2, just because of the actors, but it gets a score of 2 out of 10 for the bad acting, and the plot. This is a movie that was not interesting at all, and that is one reason that this movie gets a 1.  The first hour was okay, but the rest of it was just stupid.    I just saw the movie because it was bad, and I have to say I saw the whole movie in the first hour.  I had to fast forward several times to get to the scenes with the bad actors.  If you want to see a good movie, go see "The Secret of Nimh" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is about a family of six (the parents) whose teenage son (William) gets the nickname of "Hollywood-ized" because of the superficialness of his looks and the "posh" acting of the family. William's brother (the director) has a career and the family is on a downward spiral that eventually leaves the family broke, the parents mad at each other for having a son and a daughter and William's mother (Doris) dies.  The story is weak and the end is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not going to comment on the story but, I was kind of left confused after seeing the movie and I thought it was pretty weird.   So, if you're looking for a creepy horror movie, or even a decent horror movie--this isn't it.  But, I guess the good movie for the night.  The movie is so bad it was good--I mean, I don't know how you can give it a rating of 1 or 2.  What am I supposed to say that it wasn't scary at all, and that it was just plain creepy?  But there's something else I want to say about the movie.  *Spoilers* It was so, so, bad, I gave it a 1.  Oh, well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can recommend this movie to anyone other than an idiot with an agenda is if they're too dumb to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you read this review, don't watch this movie! It will only leave you sad! The movie is about an old virgin who returns from the dead for revenge. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to find out if this movie was really made up as it appears, I've managed to watch it twice - once on Sky and once on a delayed film -and now I am really sick of the constant 'hype' surrounding this movie. The characters are very dull, and I feel like they are trying to make this movie more entertaining than it is. The movie doesn't seem to have a plot or story to it, and the acting is dreadful. I don't know how anyone can feel that they are supposed to find this movie entertaining. There are no funny lines at all. The story is lame, and just seems like it was filmed for the sake of making a quick buck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a collection of many bad movies, but there is one that should have gotten a warning label. This movie contains some truly awful acting, but nothing in this movie that I have seen in a long time. The special effects are laughable, the cinematography is bad, and the sound is bad. The movie is about a woman (Mariannegan) that gets a call from a woman in need of help from her kids (Dillon, DeVille, and Tamblyn) who says the doctor has the wrong medication, but Marianne has the good will to help her.  It's not funny that the two leads play. I laughed at the ridiculous scenes, which were a joke to the movie, and I am sure the rest of the audience did the same.  The movie reminds me of the movie The Shop Around the Corner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene has the title of "The Unfinished Story". The next scene "The Mother's Love" has the same title. The Mother's love story was the main story in the movie. The whole movie was about the Mother's actions towards the little child.  The movie is not very funny. The characters are very wooden. The story is not so bad. The humor is not funny.  This movie should be canceled. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is based on a comic book written by the creator of the comic book, Stan Lee. In this movie, he attempts to capitalize on the comic in a way that he can make a film that is similar to the comic. In the comics, he has Stan Lee create a "Spiderman" who can shoot webs and do web-slinging. This movie just copies the comic, adding nothing new.  The only really good thing in the movie is that it's boring, the plot has very little to do with the comic and the whole movie is a copy of the previous movie.  Overall, I give this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have nothing better to do, go see "The Jerk" instead.   The acting is bad, the story is lame, the direction is bad. And I don't even know how this was made. I watched it for the first time because I was bored. It seemed like it was filmed by some high school students who had a great idea.  What was the ending?  I was left feeling that the story was pointless and uninteresting. I guess I was right. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a terrible failure. The acting is bad. The writing is poor. The script is poor and not interesting.  The music is bad, the story is bad and the jokes are terrible. The special effects are corny.  This is a total waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some bad movies and this movie is pretty awful.  The story is lame. I have never seen a movie that bad. I guess that the movie is bad because of the acting, the direction, the cinematography, the lighting, and everything else. I could see why the cinematographer thought it was good to use ambient lighting for the movie. I mean, it was really bad.  There are no decent actors, so the movie should be good.  Don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are hoping for a great idea of a good movie, go for it, the good ones are good, and this one has great performances, especially from the actors.  The story is a bad one, the story is good, but the movie is good.  If your not up on modern history, or are a history buff, this is not for you.  There is very little nudity and the movie has a great soundtrack.  I recommend this movie for a few laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is very poor. I think it's OK.  The plot is so very weak, you can see it clearly.  A bad idea, but it's so predictable, that you can't make a story like that.  And it's bad writing.  I don't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What I thought of the movie was this: It was just a bad film, nothing more, and yet it was completely void. It looked like a bad, boring, boring movie.  I was actually annoyed that I sat through it.  This movie is not only bad, it is bad. I saw nothing good, nothing at all. The movie was so bad, I almost puked.  Don't waste your time, watch a good movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could, I would have written this review after I saw the movie - it was awful. The movie was not interesting - all the acting was bad and there was nothing funny.  The main characters were not funny, the jokes were bad, and the movie could have been a good, funny, good movie.  This movie is not funny in any way, the movie is very very boring, and should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was on the set of the movie with my brother and he said "Hey let's go see this one again". We did and we were shocked to find out the whole movie was a piece of crap.   My brother and I walked out after about 45 minutes and saw the director's cut version.  It was the worst movie I've ever seen and the director should be ashamed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was so awful. The characters were so wooden and un-sympathetic, and I couldn't take my eyes off the screen during the movie. The story was so boring and boring I wanted to turn the television off. The movie could've been a great documentary if I was drunk enough to be able to watch it.  I did like the part of the guy who played the lead in the movie, because he was a good actor and he was able to make a believable performance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's really hard to know how many bad movies have been made and what the quality is. The movies of the early 80s are simply terrible. If a movie is made in the 80s and it features a lot of explosions, it's still a terrible movie. The special effects are very fake and cheap.   In conclusion, this movie is a waste of time and a waste that is completely boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with the two cops being sent to investigate a crime, which is promptly followed by a revelation that the killer is their own brother. The plot is slow to unravel and the characters are weak, the acting is bad, and the ending comes very late.   This movie is an embarrassment to the Police Departments of all the United States. It's so bad that I actually laughed at the end, and then I turned to the TV to see if there were any scenes where I could see the bad guy in a bad acting, but it didn't show any of the acting, and I think that it may have helped to take the plot to a different direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts with a bang bang. There is a lot of action, the action is so bad, and is so poorly choreographed that it's embarrassing.  I would recommend avoiding this film at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say. This was a bad, boring, and extremely un-intelligent, film about a group of guys that play in a small, abandoned, country club that seems to have no other patrons. The characters are so cardboard and so un-funny that they're like the characters of the American Pie movies (and I'm sure those are better).  The film is an exercise in bad taste and bad directing. I'm just glad the director had a good idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is no good film in the history of science fiction, which, sadly, is a shame for the genre. The films of "Carnival of Souls", "Frankenstein", "Gilligan's Island", "Patton", "The General", "At Last", "Cadet Kelly", "My Favorite Year", "Somewhere In Time", "Maniac", "Diary of Dr. Caligari", "Bridle", "Death Wish", "On the radio", "Moonstruck", "One of Us", "In the Beginning", "Vigilante", "Dr. Fu Manchu", "Dark City", "Hobgoblins", "Extremities", "Aliens", "the Island Of Dr. Moreau", "Foxes", "A Matter Of Life and Death", "Plan 9", "Manos" or "Bender", "Empire Of The Ants", "L'Isle Deux", "Trouble In Paradise", "Road to Perdition", "Stargate", "I have to go", "Time Out Of Mind", "Wizards", "Return to the Blue Lagoon", "Excalibur", "Attack of the Green Tomatoes", "Naked Lunch", "Kramer's List", "Rosemary's Baby", "Delirious", "Night At The Museum", "Panic", "Whale Wars", "Con Air", "Basic Instinct", "Ghost Story", "Rise" or the like are all examples of the worst that science fiction has to offer.  This is one of the most un-scientific, and pointless film I've ever seen, and it's not that bad. The "plot" is so bad, the characters are so flat, the dialogs so un-intelligent and the characters that they just become a bunch of clichés.  The only "hero" in the entire movie is one scientist, who somehow managed to get a good book on "life", and somehow is able to convince a bunch other people to join him in his quest to become the next Einstein.  It's not like "Franklin" where there are great special effects, but the entire film is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting was horrible. The story is pathetic. The plot was predictable. The cinematography was bad. The soundtrack was bad, and I didn't like the plot at all.  I've seen a lot of movies with great acting and good cinematography. I've even seen movies with good story and good photography. I can't think of one movie with good cinematographic content that is good. I'd recommend not to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off well enough. There are a few nice shots of Paris and a train and a few great shots of the movie. The movie is about a group of girls on a journey to Paris to visit some old relatives and their new lives. It is very un-enjoyable and very dull.  I am not even sure where to begin my comment. What is with the title?  I really think it is a very strange title, it could have a good title, but I would really like to know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been so long in development, that it's basically a rip off of the old "Gandhi-Araj" which is an utterly awful remake of a movie that has nothing new to say. This movie is really really really not worth watching. If you are bored, you can watch this movie in the dark, with no other thought. The only thing that saves this movie is the originality of the script, which is quite disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a big waste of my time. I've seen all the bad movies. This is the worst of all movies.  I mean come on, why do I have to write this?   I'm a big film buff. I love a good story. But the only good stories I've ever seen were The Man With Red Eyes and The Thin Man.  This movie was just so much fun. I would love to say it was an example of the most pointless movies. It could have been fun to watch The Thin Men. But I don't think I have seen that movie yet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the movie is about: I saw this movie by accident on TV, and after watching it I was completely disgusted. It was not funny at all, and I can't even express my disgust for this movie.  The people who made this movie obviously had no clue what to do with this movie, it was not worth watching.  If you enjoy a good laugh at a bad laugh, don't waste your time on this movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film, however, should be changed to "The Last Picture Show." It is not that I think this movie is a "The Movie." It's not "The Story." It has a very weak script. I found the movie to be so "I'm gonna cry" that it had me laughing hysterically at the movie's attempts at comedy. It's obvious that the writer is not really serious when writing his material. I watched it with some friends and it wasn't at all funny.  The only funny parts are the "Funny" parts and the "Gee, I'm not really sure why I even watched it" parts. If you want to watch a good comedy, watch "The Moustache" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a very bad movie, and was very disappointing. I am very surprised with how much time I gave it. It had no story, and it looked very fake. I don't like it at all, and this movie looked like an extremely bad movie. I have to say that it had no real life, the acting is bad, and the plot was not believable. The whole movie reminded me of the old "Troll 2". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is bad, the characters are flat, and the story is boring and the ending is terrible. I really can't understand why it's that low budget movie...I can see why it didn't make more money...   I've been watching this movie for the last hour and a half and I'm beginning to believe the movie is about to be released. The ending is not that funny, the plot is boring, and I think the acting is the only highlight of the movie...  I'm giving this movie a 1 because of the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who has seen many of the movies, I find myself comparing the performances of the characters to the original version of the movie, but the movie is nothing but an insult to the fans of the original movie.  I found myself comparing it to "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" by saying that the movie was not the "dinosaur movie" it was supposed to be. It was a horrible movie, not even "Dinosaur Rex" or "Aliens", or any of the other movies that I've seen.  What was the point of the film? To make the point that the original "movie" is better than the remake, which I found to be a very valid point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was awful. I don't think that I would pay for it if I saw it in a theatre! I'm sure that the producers spent more time watching this movie than watching a single movie of the other "Star Wars" series, but it was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think that you would expect a great story, but you would not expect such a poor movie. It does not take long before you realise that you have just watched the biggest load of crap in the history of the world. The story is stupid, the acting is horrible and the story is full of mistakes, mistakes that could have been easily avoided.  I mean it is embarrassing that this movie was only made for a couple of hours, and even then was not that bad.  This movie is so bad, that I am shocked that I waste my time commenting on it, but for the sake of watching the sequel, I must do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A small budget movie.   The film was really bad, the script was horrible and the acting was terrible. The cinematography was bad, but that's all.  The plot is stupid and cliché, and the characters were weak.  Some people might like it, but if you are looking for something more than a cheesy b-movie, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film ever that is really worth watching. It was really disappointing.  There are no redeeming features at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie fails to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It is not funny, nor is it entertaining, and the fact that it is a film only reinforces this fact.  If you want to watch a comedy with friends, or even rent it for your own amusement, do not waste your time on this movie.  I would suggest investing your time more intelligently, instead of wasting it on a movie that does not deserve your time, nor your money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to describe this movie is to show that the plot was stupid, and the characters dumb. The movie is so incoherent that it is not funny. It's just a waste of time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film "The Dead Code" (1980) is one of the worst comedies I've ever seen.  I'd say this film was a disaster.  It had a really lame plot, and at one point it had a real feeling of "been there done before".  This is the movie that had that feeling, I mean, it's one of those movies that you can see the funny parts and then figure out what the whole movie was about.  The movie had so many ridiculous moments I was laughing so hard at my TV that I couldn't stop laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was a waste of time. I was waiting for it to end. This movie is the result of poor editing, terrible sound editing and horrible sound effects. I thought the plot was stupid. It was so weak I thought it was a good movie. It doesn't really make sense! It could be the director's script or the actors! I am not sure. The sound effects were horrible. It could have been the sound effects or the movie!  I don't know. I watched this movie in the beginning and the ending made me sick to my stomach. The acting was awful. The special effects were bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen, I'm really surprised that it was only the 4th time it was shown. The whole plot of the movie is stupid and I mean stupid. The acting is bad and the movie was so boring and boring that it wasn't funny or entertaining.  The movie was really boring and the last 10 minutes were the only funny part of the entire movie. I was so angry with the movie I went to a fast forward and fast-forwarded the entire thing. The movie has a few funny scenes, but nothing special.  My advice is to skip this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think this movie is really really a disappointment. If you were hoping for something a bit more realistic, and maybe a bit of a story, then you have to give this movie a try.   The plot is really a bad one. The acting was bad, and the plot is bad.  The whole movie is like the TV show, and not that I have seen any TV show.  I don't know if I can recommend this movie, because I really do not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was very boring, very un-intelligent, un-creative and very very poorly directed movie.  I have to admit, I think the main reason why I did not enjoy it as a whole is because I didn't like the acting.   I am very disappointed about the lack of suspense, which is something that I don't get. I am also not convinced that it was a real movie. I guess that's a good thing, since I didn`t know what was going to happen, but I was so bored that I wanted to see it.  As for the story, it didn`s too simple, too predictable and too clichéd, I don`t get it. I didn´t like the movie, nor the plot, it was just the kind of story that I thought could be interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this was an extremely stupid movie, and I don't know why. The plot was stupid, the acting was bad, and the plot was bad. I could get more entertainment watching the horses' act, because I could. The horses in the movie could have acted in a better way. I have seen better horses. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you liked to see a good movie, this is it.  I'd like to say that i did not see the movie, i just watched it on the internet, because my friend had it on her computer, she said "its so cool" she had to watch it, i was so surprised i thought "i've seen it on another movie and its better"   But i was right, this movie is actually cool, it's so bad and so not real scary i watched it because of the fact that the acting was great and the plot was great.  i've seen this movie in the past and i was like oh this is so bad, i could laugh at it. the only reason that i was shocked was the acting, the beautiful music, and the good plot of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was very very bad. I am not sure what this movie was about. There is absolutely nothing special about this movie. The story is terrible, the acting is bad, the camera is just terrible, and the plot is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some films that are just so bad that they are good for some laughs, and are funny in the end. This is one of those films.   I saw it by accident on cable TV, and decided to give it a shot. The plot is about a woman who becomes very wealthy with her husband's money, and she decides to have her baby and then take on the world, as her husband has made her life a living hell. I thought it was so stupid. The woman should of left the movie after she had had seen the movie, as it was her only good portion of the movie.  I really think that there is a very slim chance of a great film, as the people that gave the movie such a low rating did not give it such a high rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of the film was interesting, but the main character of the story, a photographer called John, is really interesting, as is the lead singer and guitarist, Timon. He has a very boring, and pointless and boring story that he repeats ad nauseum to the end, as do his two female co-stars, played by Timon's girlfriend (who is the main heroine of the entire film) and Timon himself. I have to admit that the film is just boring. If you are looking for a good story, go for it, and see for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really, really bad. It had really no real plot, and no real story, and I was left with a really bad taste in my mouth. It is a really really really, bad movie. I mean, it was so bad, I had to fast forward through a few scenes and cut them out.  And this movie is one of those really bad movies.   My god, was this the movie where they played the game "Angry Video Games"? I mean...  The movie was so unbelievably bad, that I was like oh my gosh, I have to fast-forward to the next scene to be sure I had the right movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an interview, I asked what was the worst film I've ever seen, and it's something about a female cop is killed in a crime, which is then framed by her boyfriend and then gets covered up by the media.  I was surprised to see that it was made as late as I was, and still it has all the elements of a bad film, which are sex, violence, and a weak plot.  It's all just bad.  The acting is awful, the characters are so stereotypical and they all look so forced. The plot is weak, the direction is lame and the editing is so poor it just becomes a mess.   There is not a single good film about the world of sex, which just seems to be a very weird idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was just a big waste of time. There is nothing to recommend this movie.  It has been shown to be a very poor man's version of 'Hobgoblins' or 'The Godfather', two movies which are not supposed to be the same, with one bad and the other good.   It's just not realistic to say the least.  I guess the best I can say about this movie is that it should be removed from all public libraries. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a very bad movie. A bunch of low-budget and bad-budget special effects, terrible cinematography, and just bad acting (I won't spoil it for you). The only thing that saves this film is that it has a very good music score (the soundtrack is the only good thing in the whole movie). If you want to watch a good movie: Don't see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable. A few words, no details. Well, that's exactly what we got with "The Secret of NIMH." In the last five minutes of the film, a very simple question: what happened exactly, happened in the first five minutes?  The only one in the entire film that made me laugh was the old "what happened in five minutes" question. And that's just it.  If this is the "good" answer to the question, then the movie has failed on every level. The "nice" and "funny" answers are just that - great, the acting is good, and the film is even boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been reading reviews on here since I saw the film for the first time, and they were pretty scathing. It's a bad film, a very bad film. I'd rather watch the film than the movie, as I'm sure you can find better films to make fun of.   If you like to watch a bad, dull film, like I did, this is the one to go for.  If anyone was interested in the movie and didn't get it, I'm glad I did not pay to see it, as it would have been an interesting experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's pretty obvious that this is a movie from the start, since there are no real reasons for a movie. The script is a real shame, since it was written to take place in a real high security situation. The movie is bad, the acting is bad. The special effects are bad, and there is not even a single good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the third time. I found myself completely bored, and completely uninspired. The acting was terrible, the story was dull and flat, the characters were unsympathetic, and the movie is so badly directed that I'm stunned that it made it to the festival.  I didn't know it at all when I first saw it. The cinematography was so poor I didn the urge to fast forward through the movie and fast forward all the time. It would be amazing if it wasn't for the beautiful landscapes and the landscapes' beauty. The whole movie reminded me of a giant, overrated, over-scripted and badly directed piece of art that I'd seen as a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of the movie is alright, but the whole movie was boring. The ending is predictable and the rest is crap. This movie was a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a bad film, I've seen some really good films. I've always found them to be very predictable, but this was no exception. I was not expecting anything special about this movie, and I wasn't expecting anything great, I just saw it as a "soapie" but I really didn't know how much of it I was watching.  I think it's a shame because it was so bad, so much, and there's no way this film was well-made. It had the look of a film from the '80s, the sound of a bad record, and the acting all around. It's an old-fashioned, boring film that makes no sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a very serious movie buff. I've seen all of the original Star Wars films, but I do like The Empire Strikes Back and Return Of The Jedi. They are not that bad. They just don't have enough emotional power to overcome a Star Wars film.  The only good thing in the whole movie is the music. It was so bad I couldn't even finish it. The songs and voices were not interesting and the dialog was bad.  As far as the story goes, there is nothing. The characters are all one-dimensional and boring. And I'm not even going to comment on the fact that Lucas has changed the names of some of the characters in this film to make them sound like they are from different parts of the Star Wars universe.   The film is so bad, it's not funny. The jokes are not witty. The plot is not developed. The special effects are not believable. And, as another commentator has said, "The Emporer" should be removed from the title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is poor and the plot is nothing more than a cheap rip-off of "The Shop Around the Corner" and "Patton"  There are many mistakes that could have been corrected, and the director could learn a lot from his mistakes. The film is nothing to watch and is full of bad actors. The sound is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has nothing whatsoever to offer. The plot has been ripped to shreds by the inept writing, acting, and editing. The only thing that kept me watching was the cameo appearances by the characters in the movie. I just wish I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it came out (1996) and it still haunts me. It's an extremely dull and unimaginative film about a girl who goes to see a man, and finds out she is his wife and he has a wife and two daughters, who have all died.  I can only imagine that the director of this movie was a teenager when he made this. He must have had a terrible sense of humor.  The plot of the movie is boring and lacks even the most basic elements of movie-making: humor, plot, direction, camera work, sound. The movie lacks everything that a movie should have.   The director has no sense of direction. The acting is so bad I was stunned that I was even in the room.  If you like movies that are bad, this is the one to avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film about 11 years ago. It is quite possibly the worst movie I have ever seen.  It was so bad I had to turn it off at several parts, and had to leave after an hour.  The main thing I can say is that the story is about the poor, middle-class white family living in a multi-racial neighborhood with poor people all around. The characters are so stereotyped I couldn't even understand what was going on.  This movie is the most un-funny, clichéd movie I've ever seen, and the worst acting I've seen. I'm ashamed that I even watched this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had nothing to save it. The story is nothing more than a very dull, boring movie with a very little humor and not even good direction. I'm sorry, it just isn't that funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I've seen a lot of movies, so I guess I could be forgiven for not having seen this one. It's a bad flick, and it's a movie that should not have been made. There are no special effects, which are pretty rare in a movie, but what do you expect from a movie made for the general public? The actors all talk like they're the new Micheal Diamant, and the plot is not even special.  If you like the Bourne Identity, or even a Bourne-like movie, then I'm sorry to say that you'll like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a bad rip-off of "Somewhere In Time", and is, at best, the worst of the "Twilight Zone" series, with the actors in a movie that are actually good, and the script is bad.  I won't even begin to describe how bad it is. I watched it all from the first minute, but I don't know if I even saw the end.   The plot is about a girl (Tobey Maguire) who discovers that her father (played by James Coburn) has taken over the family business, and that he has to find out who has stolen the money in order to get back the family farm. When the girl's mother (Susan Walters) discovers the stolen money, she begins trying to find the thief.  The rest of the movie is nothing more than a repeat of the stolen cash episode. There's nothing new. And there are a few really good looking women in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many movies made every year, and I have seen a lot of them. They look like a bunch of friends who just filmed a movie, got together and started shooting it in their driveway. The only reason I would ever want to see a movie from a bunch people who had a good time shooting it is that the story and the ending were so poor and sad, I would never recommend this movie to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had the urge to watch this movie, I would do something different. Instead of letting the kid's play make a movie, let the kids make some wonderful, beautiful, fun, funny movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an awful film that would be interesting as a first feature, but a sequel.  I saw this movie about two years ago when it was first released. I really didn't pay much attention to the characters, which was a plus, since I thought it was boring, but the story is extremely boring and uninspiring.  This movie is not very good at all. I think the director should take the time to write another movie with a different plot, but just cut the movie a little bit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to be blunt with this film, I just watched it, and I can't describe it any more than the summary in the summary of the movie says it already. The director has not made a movie before, but I can guess the script is poor and the script-writer should not have put it in his script. I guess I will just have to live with that.    I watched the whole movie in about 40 min, and that was the only time I saw it. It was so bad that the only thing that made me happy was the soundtrack.  The movie is bad, I mean, I could sit down and laugh at it. The characters are so flat and boring that it is painful.  So, this movie is just a pathetic failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely terrible. It had some good humor and some pretty good action scenes, but nothing special.  I think the acting is bad, and I just saw the movie for the second time, so I must say it is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is so weak that I have to believe it. I thought the story was very weak. It could be better.  There was no real chemistry between the two main characters, and they don't act that much like real people.  This movie has no real meaning.    I was expecting a lot more from the film.  I didn't know if the ending was supposed to be a closure or what it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a teenager, I went to the library and saw the movie for the first time. I was fascinated, because it is a horror film. What I saw was the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The acting was horrible, the acting was bad, the story was bad and the acting of the actors was worse than the acting in this movie. The plot is not interesting and the movie is really boring. I did not understand what was going on. I thought the story had changed, the plot was changed. The movie is just a really stupid movie.  I really think the movie could be a really scary movie, if you are willing to watch the movie. If you are really bored, you will not even watch the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What we got was a boring film with no real plot, with characters acting like caricatures of old men acting like teenagers.  I was bored throughout the film. I just didn't see what was going on. The main characters were boring.   The movie was very dull and the special effects were very bad.  There are no real life scenes in the film but the plot is so poor that I couldn't even see the plot anymore.  It is a very low budget film. The acting was bad, the script was bad and the story was so incoherent that I don't even remember the words I used to describe it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that a movie can be a masterpiece of a novel and a novel can't be the same as a movie that's supposed to be a comedy. Well, there's a reason why. It's because the characters are so cardboard and unreal that they become a mockery of the novel they're in. The actors are so wooden that they make the entire movie look like a stage play. The story is boring and the end result is that the movie doesn't even capture the feel of the book.  There's nothing to see here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had been a teenager when this movie was made, I would have had to be the one who had to watch it! The only thing I liked about it is the title, "The Killer Inside Me". It was very, very bad.  I watched the whole movie. It was horrible. It could have been better if the kids were smart. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the DVD last week for a friend who is trying to buy the movie for her kids. Well, I don't think so. I rented it for my kids' birthday and watched it at the drive-in the next morning. My kids said, "Did you see that one?" I said yes. They had seen the movie before. "No," my kids said. "I think I did." They had the same reaction. I gave them a chance to watch it again. "Did your mom and dad watch it?" They had. "Oh my gosh. We watched it and it was horrible." The acting was terrible. The plot was bad. And the special effects were awful. I don"t recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line has a lot of holes and the ending was a let down.  The acting is poor and the plot is not really good.  Overall the movie is not that good. It is not even a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie on my local TV channel and I thought I'd have to see it. It was bad enough and the acting was bad. It wasn't the worst I've ever seen.  My wife and I saw it because it had a really good premise and had good reviews on IMDb.com. We wanted to see the ending and were very surprised that it was only the first one.  We got the ending I was expecting, and we thought it was going to be good, and that's what happened.  It was pretty cheesy and just a poor attempt at a film.  The plot was bad and the ending was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie to be incredibly un-funny. It was actually very disappointing, and I have seen much better movies with more entertainment value, and in a lot of those the comedy is way more entertaining. I would give this a "4" for the time being, but the rest is simply horrible.  I will watch the movie for the sake of the good humor, and the fact that I am a parent, I will be mad that I spent an hour and a half watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is little to recommend this film other than perhaps one of those dreams where you are an old woman who dreams of a baby with her husband, and when she awakens from the dream, she realises what has happened. The only explanation for this film is that it was not a dream, it was reality.  The story is not too interesting, and it does not make a great deal of sense. There is no real point, and the script is badly written and badly directed.  I am not in the least surprised that this film failed to make £2,000 at the box office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like a B-movie, you are going to love "The Big Redneck" (aka: The Big Red One, or The Redneck Wars, etc.)   I know it's not supposed to be a satire, but I am so glad I watched this movie.  If I did not watch this movie when I saw it at 10:50am on July 4, 2000, I would be crying right now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say i can say is that if i were you, i would try and get this movie out of your mind.  I don't understand the appeal of this film, but i don't think it appeals to anyone.  There is some good acting but this is mostly a waste of time.  My final rating: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful. The plot was bad, the cinematography was bad and the sound was bad. The only thing that made me enjoy this film was the beautiful soundtrack. The special effects were not good. The lighting was not very good.  The sound is bad, it was not good, and the script is weak.  I watched this film because I was looking for something interesting, and I found this film to be awful.  This film is nothing but a big waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the only thing that made me like this movie.  The story is bad and it was completely predictable and the movie was absolutely uninteresting.   The only good thing in this movie is the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie is interesting, but is boring. The plot is a mix of sex, drugs, and a cheap imitation of hardcore porn.  The acting is bad, with no real feeling and acting that reminds me of a low budget version of "Goodfellas"  The plot was not interesting, and I found myself waiting for the next scene to drop.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am trying to understand the motivations of this film. It is not a horror movie. It isn't even a horror-movie. It's a B movie that is not even really.  I cannot understand the real motivations of the director or producers of this movie. The movie is not scary. It makes me want to run to the exit, and it makes me feel very dirty.  The acting is poor. The story is poor, the characters are unsympathetic, and the story is not credible.  This movie is terrible. It has no story, no script, and no real story. It just tries to scare the audience with bad acting and boring story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The problem with this movie is that you can see the writer clearly having a huge crush on the director, with no sense of how to work together.  There is no sense that the story is interesting, or the direction is interesting.  The acting is terrible, the cinematography is horrible, and the editing is just awful.  This movie is just bad, and that is something that you would like to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has all the elements for a terrible film, including the usual "wants to see a bunch of animals fight, and so on" - the typical Hollywood formula - "has a villain with a very powerful horse, a villain who can kill the heroes, and his henchmen who can sneak around unnoticed and kill people without getting noticed, a hero with a magic hammer and a hero who can fly high in the air and kill the bad guys at will".  So we are ready to start our story.  The beginning - which is the only real opening - is an interesting, but predictable and boring. It's all the same, the same predictable. We see a hero (Dillon) getting all hot and bothered over his new found friend (Burt) - but nothing really special. Then we see the hero (Bunn), and we see that the hero has a horse which he has stolen from the local stable, and is trying to find out who stole it - the henchman (Logan), a magic-hulk (Cannonball), a man with a powerful horse (Vigilante), and the hero with no horse (Wyatt). There's really nothing new.  What we have here is a series of extremely boring scenes, the heroes being shown running in circles around a building, and the same pointless "oh crap, the horses are running around" moments repeated over and over again. The ending is an embarrassingly bad one, where the hero takes his horse (Bunnie) and runs it down to the ground, and as the hero comes out of the building the scene cuts to a car chase, and then cuts to another chase as the horse is seen running away from the car - only to get shot and run over again by a hero wielding a magic war hammer, and now the hero is flying through the air.  I've seen this movie a lot. But it's really not even that bad, it's just bad. And that's really disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie on a rainy Saturday afternoon, but after an hour or so, I couldn't take it anymore. It was so bad that I turned it off after 40 minutes. I was so disgusted with the direction and writing of the movie that I couldn`t even finish it. It`s just terrible.   The acting was the worst acting I have ever seen. It reminded me of the 80s in South Africa.  If you`ve ever seen the movie, then you know what I mean. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a poorly acted, and uninteresting movie with an annoying script and bad actors. I mean, really bad script.  The only funny parts were the ending, and the ending alone. That was pretty lame, but the rest of the movie was boring.  What a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot summary is the usual. You know, the ancient Egyptian curse on the pharaohs and the phypsies that have lived on for 3,000 years, and there is a race to the top with the pharoah's palace, his sister's tomb, and his own special place in the middle of the desert. But it is a terrible movie and the movie goes on forever, with scenes of phychological imagery, acting, and script that would have passed as a grade-level script for a kindergarten play.  In the beginning, there are some great scenes. The opening scenes are really stupid. The scene where the phyton is eating the body of the pharos is truly bad. It is just plain bad.  So, this movie is really bad and bad. And it should be no better than the other garbage they call horror flicks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is a big disaster, the script is poorly developed, the special effects are cheap and the camera is awful. The whole thing is a complete failure. I can't understand how people can get involved with such rubbish. The fact that the movie is made for a couple of hours is a miracle.  The ending is the only positive thing in the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a terrible movie that has been directed by the same man, and this is no exception. I'm not going to waste much of my time on this movie, but I do hope that it will get some people to watch it.  The story is weak, the characters is stupid, and the acting is terrible. It's like the last 30 seconds of a movie where all the actors are playing the same character and trying to make this movie seem like something special. The ending is bad and the whole movie is terrible, and it's a sad way to go.  I've watched all the movies that have been made, and after this movie I'm starting to get annoyed with the ones that I've seen, I guess I'm getting old. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so awful, I don't know if there is a real person on the planet that saw this movie. It looks like a very bad and boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, there is an attempt to build a story of an eccentric, eccentric, yet very ordinary family with a mother, father, and two sons. The story is weak, and there is hardly any real characterization of the characters, other than a vague 'hobbyist' who seems to have little more than a curiosity about the family's life. There is a lot of cliches, and it is easy to see why, given the material.   The'story' is boring and the story itself is weak. The 'hollywood' approach is overused and not credible, but it does give the movie a good idea.  The music is poor, the lighting is dark, the colours are flat, and the acting is wooden.  If there is any credit for the music at all, it should go to the great Michael Mayer, who managed to make the greatest soundtrack ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was really hoping for this film, but boy, was it a disappointment. This movie is so low budget that it should be removed from IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was on the set of this movie, and after watching it I had nightmares about this movie.  The story is bad and the acting is awful.  This movie is like a mini-series of the same, except I don't care.  I think this movie has potential to be the most horrible movie I have ever seen, because the acting was bad, and the story is awful, and so the movie was just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just going to say that I don't know where to begin with this comment, since I saw it at the theatre when it came out. This movie is bad and it's boring, and the music is terrible. I think that this is one of those movies that is made by some major labels, and is released into the public for public consumption.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is an interesting one. A detective (Vincent Spano) with a passion for animals and a desire to bring justice to the animals rights' advocates, goes on a case to investigate the cause of a crime committed by his ex-partner's (Giovanni Barbu) brother (Eduardo Ciannelli).  In this case, Cianneli and his partner (Mancuso) follow the trail of the brother's trail to Cianni's residence to find the missing brother. They find the brother (Pascual) and their trail leads them to a farm in the middle of the Italian countryside where Ciannan and his family live. Ciannni (Rafael Campos) is the farmer and while Cianneo (Pascal Duquenne) is a photographer (for some reason), the two follow Ciannon's trail through fields and woods.  After a series of false clues, a murder and a long chase, they find the culprit: Cianna, a young woman with a fascination for animals, who is killed by her abusive stepfather and the two animals he is keeping as pets. This movie is not so bad, but it is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to say about this film. It's like a bad ripoff of "Cadet Kelly" or something like that. A few of the plot lines and character names are amusing and there are a few humorous moments. The director should be embarrassed for this movie. I give it a 3 out of 10 simply because of the humor and bad directing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is basically the following:    *1) There is a group of women who are lured by a killer, and a bunch of losers try to get their money back, but they don't.   Instead, the movie becomes a bit boring, and goes no where.  The story is a lot more boring than the original movie.  *2) A lot of the killings are very fake.  However, the film is still bad.  So, if you are a horror fan, you will probably enjoy it.  4/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie thinking that it was going to be a funny movie, but I was very wrong.  The whole movie is just not funny. I don't know what the hell is going on with this movie.  If you want to watch a funny and entertaining movie don't waste your time on this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book first and after seeing it, I decided to see it again and I was pleasantly surprised at how bad it was. It's a very bad movie and you can guess the whole movie was shot on a very low budget.  The script is completely pointless and is not very creative and I can't understand why the director would allow the actors to shoot such poor pictures.  What are the actors doing?  I don't know what they were thinking.  This movie is not good. It doesn't have a plot.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a student and I'm learning about this movie as it comes out. There's nothing much about it to say, so I'll just let you know, I'm glad you didn't see the movie!  I am glad I didn't pay money to see the worst movie of my life. It was really bad. The acting was bad, the camera work was terrible. It took a long time to realize how bad it was.   I have never seen a movie that bad, and this movie is no exception. I'll be waiting for it to get worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you see this film, please do not waste your time watching it. The characters are the worst I have seen in my life. I mean, if I were a teenager and I saw this movie, I would have spit out my mouth a lot, and I would not have cared. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolutely awful movie. I cannot believe that the first time I have seen it was with my own eyes! This is a film that really cannot live up to the standard of the previous comment.  The acting is terrible. The script is bad. The editing is bad and the story is a big lie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at about 2:30 a.m. in the early afternoon. It looked as if someone had done it all wrong. I was wrong.  The film is just bad. The editing is terrible. The cinematography is bad. I have seen some of the best films in the world and this is really not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the only good movie in this movie is "Hodet Over Vannet" ("The Old Man of Rochefort"), with its ridiculous and naive plot, and with its pretentious, ridiculous, pretentious and trivial characters.    If you have any idea what is the purpose of this movie, you will laugh out loud. I do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't think anyone can honestly look at this film as it stands. The acting is bad, the script is bad. The story is bad - badly written, badly directed, and just plain bad.  I was watching this film, and after 30-40 minutes I turned it off because I was actually crying.  The only thing that kept me watching was the constant sound of children laughing at it.  It is not interesting, and is not funny, it is bad acting and just a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're wanting to watch a good movie, this is it. Excellent cast, excellent directing, great cinematography, great music. Excellent cinematography. Brilliant cinematography and great music for what was a fairly simple story.  The best part of the movie is the ending. The ending was one of the most powerful endings I have ever seen. The closing credits were so weak, you could almost hear the wind whistling through my ears. The acting was superb, the script brilliant. It has some good scenes, but I will say that the final score was just plain cheesy.  My biggest complaint is that it is a waste of great music, and it is that this music was good. The music in this film was so un-fitting, I was surprised to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a funny movie, rent this one.  It will be much like the movie Blow 2.  There is absolutely no plot line, and no laughs. The acting is awful. The jokes are lame, and just plain terrible.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is if you are a real person with a sense of humor and a sense that you will be entertained.   This movie is not funny, it is not interesting, and it is just not fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first half of the film the story is interesting and a little bit weird. We already know that there is a monster that dwells in the darkness. We also see a woman that gets attacked by a monster and dies. This is a typical horror film. The monster turns into a woman and the killer kills her. The film is really very boring. It is really a bad horror movie. The cinematography is OK and the acting is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I'm really surprised. This movie is horrible. It's so bad, I cannot even tell where it is supposed to be filmed, the editing is awful, the acting is terrible and the story is completely unbelievable.  I saw it on Cinemagic, and that's why I'm giving it a rating.  It really does not make much sense that this movie is being watched by such a large audience. There are a few people who actually understood the plot, but I really do not know why, because I've never seen the movie before. I can't imagine it's because of the poor acting, the stupid script, the horrible camera work and the way it tries to be'realistic'.   There is a lot of swearing and the plot is very predictable, the action is weak and the end is simply awful.   This movie does not have a single redeeming value. It is a waste of time, money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that were made to fill the theaters, it did, and I mean it was bad.  The acting was bad and the plot was non-existant.  I think this movie is really good, the cast is really bad. But if you really want to watch a movie that makes you laugh and feel happy, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie started out as a horror movie and went for 90 minutes without being scary and didn't scare the hell out of me at all. It wasn't until the ending that I realized that I have never seen a horror film and I am truly shocked.  So, I was very disappointed in this movie that I actually sat through it because it was so unbelievable.  The cast were bad and the acting was terrible, the story was boring and the ending was lame.   If you don't believe me, check out "The Hills Have Eyes" and see how scary that movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to be very blunt.  I have to say that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I am truly surprised that this was made.  It is, if you're going to waste your time watching this film, I would suggest that you do some research on the true story of how the world was at the time.  If you're wanting to watch a good film, don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. The script was terrible and the script was weak.  I really felt like I got taken to the cleaners after watching this movie. I mean it was so predictable, I mean they had all this great stuff in for me and I was wondering when it was going to end. The plot was really dumb and really didn't make sense at all. I didn't care about the characters, they were all one dimensional. It wasn't really that bad, I didn`t care about them, I just wanted to see a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you've seen a good movie, and you don't mind a lot of violence, this is not one. It's about as good as Freddy Krueger, only better.  My only problem with it is that it doesn't seem to be very good.  The acting is good, especially the kids. The movie itself is not very good, but the acting is fun. The special effects are pretty good, and the whole movie is a stupider ride. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are three good things about this movie: 1) It's just so boring and predictable that it's good. The action is so minimal and lacks imagination and the special effects are so fake and so cheap that you can't even notice the effects. The plot is so predictable and boring that I really did not care if the ending was right or wrong, and I was disappointed. 2) The movie was really boring. I just did not see the end. The movie went no where. It was not interesting and not interesting. 3) The special effects were really good. I didn't enjoy them, either.  4) The story is about a group of guys who go to a party and get freaked out and then have to get freaky freaky and freaky sex. And the ending... Well, I don't think there is any ending to the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the world of horror, you have the classics like Scream, Pumpkin Patch, Creep and a bunch of indie flicks like this. It is so bad that I have never seen a movie that bad, but this one was so bad I needed a restraining order. It was horrible and very very stupid, and I even had nightmares about the characters and the plot.  The acting is so awful, I mean it was bad. I think the director of this movie should be ashamed to have done this movie, it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The characters are so un-sympathetic and just plain boring. I mean really, the only guy that did a good job in this movie was David Jason. I am still in shock that I ever watched this movie. I hope the producer of this film is ashamed to ever do this movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts very well but goes downhill from there. It is badly directed and the actors are the same.  The plot is very poor and the direction is awful. The acting is awful and the story is not original.  I found myself wanting to slap some guys in their face with a baseball bat.   The ending could have been a bit better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title says, "The Devil Dog" has all of the classic characteristics of a horror film. It starts with a man walking down the road with a pack of dogs and a pack-of-pimples (if I could call it that, it would be "The Dog with the Pimples"). His pack walks down the middle of the road and kills him. Then his brother walks down, kills his brother and eats his stomach. When the brother returns to the scene, the dog has disappeared, and no one has noticed. But the brother walks up and kills the man. The brother and the man were all very sick, and the dog ate them. The film is completely predictable and has no real message. The only thing that saves it is the performances of the cast, which are pretty good, but there are no really standout performances. It is a typical horror film with a very weak storyline. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why this movie was never put out on DVD after the first couple of years, but I am guessing the DVD was simply because the company felt it would have to lose the franchise to get to make the next sequel.  I am not a fan of Lord of the Rings, or The Hobbit, or any other movie about fantasy. But I am intrigued by how far the writers of this film went.  Maybe the director just didn't want to make another movie, or maybe he was simply not in the mood for another movie.  This movie seems to be a stalker movie, with the acting and direction of Michael Bay, who I like very much, and who has made movies like American Gothic with his co-stars like John Rhys Davies and Christopher Reeves.  There is a lot of unnecessary stuff in this movie, and it is not fun to watch. The acting is horrible, the characters are not interesting, and the script is full of boring quotes from other movies and from Wikipedia, and quotes from various book.  Overall, I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on DVD last night. It is horrible. The only thing that is good about it is the music. The story is the only good thing about it. I did not like it, I thought it was very dull.  The sound was very very bad. It was not realistic. I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way that this movie had a chance to come close to the genius of Peter Weller's other "Crusade" is if you consider "Crush" to be a horror movie. In addition to Weller, there were the usual problems with a plot and script that are used to pad out the film's running time. And what really happened in this film?  Well, it's not a good movie. It was bad acting, bad writing and, worst of all, poor editing. The special effects and makeup were bad.  Weller himself didn't do a good job in this, and the director should never have allowed it to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not bad.  It really is bad. It's really really not even funny. The jokes are lame. The characters are wooden. The plots are stupid.  The acting is poor.   The plot is just...bad.  Please don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is just sooooo predictable, I wonder why it ranks such a high in the movie.  I mean, I was expecting a decent story, but instead it got a movie that is just boring and unbelievable.  There are two parts in this movie: The first part is a really funny, I think. The second part is the plot, I guess, but that was not the point of the movie at all.  The other part, in the beginning, where the main character gets his car stolen by the thieves and gets chased by the cops, is the most boring part.  And I do think the movie could have a little more action, if it had a good story, a good script and a good director.   I did enjoy the plot in this part, but I was just not entertained enough by the first part. I felt like I was watching the movie in a second. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was the point of watching this film when it was originally released?  I've watched it many times, and I'm getting sick of watching it.  I just sat down to watch it, and it was very dull, the movie was very disappointing. It was like I've been watching a bad TV soap show, it was so boring, and there was nothing to it. The whole film looked like I'd like to be entertained, but I had no idea why.   I watched it because it was a good movie, and the acting was bad, the plot was terrible, and some of the lines were just stupid, like when the girl gets raped by a horse and the horses all ride away from her, and then they all go off into the woods for some fresh air.  Oh my God, it had to be that good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the first time on TV and decided to stay for the hell of it. I couldn't wait for it to end because it was so bad.  After the first 10 minutes, I gave up. This movie is so bad, it is not funny at all. The acting is bad, and the story is really bad. I mean, it was just really bad! I mean... this is the WORST movie I have ever seen! It's not good at all! I can't believe that the people who thought this movie was funny actually liked it! I'm glad I stayed to the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a promising beginning and it seemed to be progressing well.  The story was predictable and lacked any real development.   The main characters were bad - well, they're human beings.  I like the acting, which was mostly poor - and the script - which was more about the sound of a record than any real plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's pretty much like "Extremities", which was a mediocre B movie, only better. This movie is an average B movie with horrible special effects, a lame story and a bad script. The director doesn't make up anything special at all; he just randomly shoots in all the footage from different movies and mixes them together. I think the director would have made a better movie if he tried to make the whole thing better.  The whole movie is just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title of the movie is "The Grudge".  The plot of the film is a mystery that is being solved by an archaeologist. The movie is about this guy, and he has some strange theories about the ancient inhabitants of the Grudge that may or may not be the same people from the real world.  So far, the movie has been plagued by two disasters.  First, the discovery of the remains of a caveman in a cave in the Peruvian jungle in the early eighties. The discovery of an incredibly large stone in the cave in Peruvian rainforest in 1994 has led to the first discovery of this incredible stone.  The second disaster is the discovery that the mysterious stone is a "B" in the shape.   This is the final nail in the coffin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is extremely dull.   The first 30 minutes or so were promising and I thought there were a few funny jokes and then the movie became dull. It wasn't until the first half that I started to get the feeling that something was going to happen.  I would say that the whole thing is ridiculous.  It was very tepid, I mean it was so bad it was good.  The second hour of the movie is the worst and worst part. The entire movie is dull and I think that is why it failed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't think I have ever seen such a pathetic movie in my life! The acting is terrible, the story is horrible, and the characters are one dimensional. I can't believe that the producers of the movie even considered to make a sequel to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I liked about the movie was that it did not look and sound like a horror movie. The characters are not realistic, and the story is completely flat.  I am going to try to figure out why this movie was so popular, and I am shocked that people actually liked it. The main characters in the movie are a couple of teenagers, and their lives are completely uninteresting and boring. They do not have much of a life outside of school, they spend most of the time hanging out at friends' houses, and do nothing outside of that.  The movie is full of horrible characters, and if you really want to watch a movie about teenagers in school, this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big joke. It's a joke that will not leave the viewer laughing.  I was actually laughing at the movie the whole time. It was bad, the humor was bad and the acting was terrible.  The director should never have made this movie. The movie was not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 / 4.33 * * 1 / 100 * * 10    I'm not really sure what is wrong with this movie. The only good is that the music is very intrusive.  The cinematography is very grainy and boring. The editing is very heavy-handed. The acting is awful. The direction is poor and boring, and the direction is bad.  *1/2 from **** 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is not very interesting. The script is not even interesting.  The characters are not very amusing.   The cinematography is very cheap.  This movie is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just a horrible film from the first 10 minutes...  The story was so stupid that I actually started questioning my own eyes whether the directors were serious or joking...  After 10 minutes I was wondering why did the movie take an hour to show us that it had been a bad day...   The movie was really slow to progress and really made me wonder if I was hallucinating...  If I hadn't already, I would have stopped watching the whole movie, I felt like a really bad movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the first hour of the movie was the worst part of the entire movie. I was able to sit through the entire film, and I'm not even sure if I did.  The acting was bad, and the story is even worse than the movie.  If you want a fun watch, watch the movie I did watch. I think it's the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that I like the first half of the movie. I mean, this is a movie that's really dumb.  There are scenes in the movie that are so bad, they're good. There are bad cinematography, bad editing, bad acting. The direction is bad, the acting is bad. The script is bad...really bad.   But don't go there.  This movie is bad acting, bad direction, bad cinematographic...I mean, there's no point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in the early afternoon. I saw the film and I could see why. The first half hour of the movie is so pointless and uninteresting. The acting is bad and the story is so uninteresting that I could care less. The last half hour was the only time I felt like watching the movie. I mean, really.  I am not sure why it made this movie. It was made in an effort to make a comedy and I think it failed.  But it should not have been made.  This movie is not worth the rental price, it is worth the $6.99 it cost me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half hour of the movie is very promising. It is, after all, an action movie that could be a masterpiece. But then the movie turns to a different genre, and becomes a complete failure.  The action scenes in this movie look like the action scenes from the first Matrix movie. I mean, just take a look at the title of the DVD case, and the action scene selection, and you'll know exactly what I mean.  I am honestly surprised that such a small movie was made for so much money. I really thought I would enjoy it, because it's so incredibly bad.  It also feels like the director wanted to be another Matrix movie, and to get back to the title, this movie really isn't much different.  If you don't like watching bad action, or cheesy movies, you will like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing I liked about this movie is the way it tried to show the differences in attitudes to religion and science. The script was very predictable and the acting was very poor. I have never heard of such a bad film, but it is not a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, this movie is nothing more than a bunch of unfunny jokes. If you are going to make a movie that is funny, it needs a good script.  If you have ever worked in a humor business, and you have to watch this movie, you are probably going to be sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out good, but it is the middle of the movie. It's predictable, and at times it comes across as a bit boring. Then, it becomes more exciting and more violent.   This is a horrible movie, and it does have some great acting and a decent story. The plot is weak, and the movie is badly directed.  If you enjoy watching movies, and if you are like me, you will probably just fast-forward through this movie, even though you will realize that the director has not really understood the story.  I would recommend avoiding this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half hour of the movie was interesting as hell. It was interesting how an ordinary American family would fare with the current economic situation. And the second half hour was just terrible. The movie went nowhere. It could have easily been the worst episode of the entire series.  My advice: avoid this movie. It's just not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you liked The Adventures of Pluto Nash you will love this movie.  If your into the usual action flicks and want to see the movie that makes you go "o" like i am going to do, go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this movie was awful. I mean come on, the acting was horrible and the story was boring. This movie was, I say, "boring". The characters are so wooden that they were practically crying, and that's why the movie failed to capture the full range of their personalities. I found myself questioning the mental competence of the actors and wondering why the director would waste the good cast members' talents in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie I saw was the short "Night at the Museum" which is an OK movie, but nothing special. The other movie I watched was the movie "Hundstage" which was just OK.   This movie was really bad. It was just not very good at all.  I give this movie a 3.4 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD set on DVD last year after seeing it on the TBN. I was really excited. So I sat down to watch it. It wasn't a great movie. It was disappointing. I expected a good, strong film. The whole thing was a disappointment.   The DVD has a bunch of extra special effects, special effects. It has CG-graphics (a lot of CG-styled CG-like graphics). It also has a couple of characters (mainly the doctor and his assistant) that are supposed to be evil. I found them to be really dumb. And the little girl in the beginning was very annoying.  The only good thing about the whole movie was a good CG-style CG-generated scene. The rest of the movie is full of bad CG-scenes.  This was a really disappointing movie, but I still think that I've seen worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of really bad movies out there, so if you have nothing else to do you'll see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was really bad, it was very, very, poorly made and just plain boring. I could even tell that the story was a little too complicated, but I guess I had to live with that.  The ending is really quite disappointing and has nothing to do with the movie, so don't bother to watch it unless you like watching an ending that will make you hate it.  If you like a good movie with a nice plot and good acting, you will love this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is about a group of friends who are hunting animals and want to make a documentary about them, so they hire an experienced hunter and try to make it in a few days.   A couple of hours into the movie, they find a wounded animal. When they try to take it to a hospital, the hospital won't let them in. So the hunters take the wounded animal into a secluded area and kill it for no reason. They are stalked by the hospital staff and find the blood and guts of the animal. The hospital staff try to stop them and are thwarted.  I watched this movie in about the middle of the night with friends and got the impression that the hospital is completely out of the blue and that the hunters have done a good deed in saving the animal and have taken the hospital into complete darkness. I don't think that the filmmakers intended to make this movie, but what the movie shows instead is a bunch of inept idiots who try to save a sick animal. I understand that the director is a good person, but I don,t think he could do much better.  If you're looking for a documentary, then I'm glad that I did not pay money to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie made me hate it was because of its extremely long running time. It was not funny and I would have rather watched it in a short 20 min movie. I am sure the movie was trying to make a statement like this and got it wrong.   The ending of the movie is one of the worst I have ever seen. The movie is about a woman who has been abused and her life is finally taken over by her abusive husband who has a son of his own and then she becomes a nun. This movie tries to make her life as a nun a success.  I have a feeling the director wanted to show how far the movie goes and it ended up in a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first hour of the movie is boring, but after that, you know it's going to be bad.  After the first 20 minutes, I knew that something was wrong. The plot started to slow down, and I started to see why.  There was too much mystery, and not enough answers.  The acting was awful, and the ending came very abrupt.  This movie is not worth watching, even for a 10 year old kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole movie is not worth even watching. There are some nice looking females in it. The movie is full of pointless nudity and it is not that erotic in any way.  The movie could have used some nudity and not have had to be full of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the people who gave this movie a 10 simply because of the music. They didn't even know the song existed, let alone the director. I guess it was one of those bad movies that the producers thought up when they heard "Dancing Queen" by the M.C. In this movie, you'll hear nothing interesting. You'll see a bunch of music videos playing and you'll be forced to watch the movie.  It's so bad that I gave it a 1 because there are some good songs in the movie and you can tell the producer's having a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to thank all of you for the comments, I am really surprised to see all of them, but I can't. This movie was a big waste of time and I hope all the other reviewers were as disappointed as me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    My wife and I both thought the movie was very dull. This movie reminded me of a few other movies we have rented. The plot is very, very, and the direction was very, VERY boring. It is like a bad remake of "The General" with no real suspense, no real action, no little jokes, and no real story. This is a bad film that will probably only appeal to those who are looking for something that is close to reality. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a great horror movie this is it. It is an average horror movie with bad acting, poor special effects, bad music, and one of the worst horror movie I have ever seen. The only good parts are when it tries to scare the audience or just make people jump. The acting is bad, the music is bad and the movie just doesn't work.  I give it a 2/10 just for the sake of being a horror movie and the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many movies and am not going to see one of them as anything other than a waste of time.  I saw this film with my kids ages 4 and 5. I had to leave for the kids' movie. We went straight to the movie. I can't believe how bad it is.   There are scenes of kids having fun with the rats. There is not one funny scene. The movie is so bad I mean, the kid's acting is terrible. I mean this is like a kid's dream come true movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts out interesting, and seems interesting, but as it progresses it becomes so bad I'm having trouble breathing.  It's a pity because there are few laughs and the movie is so bad you wonder why.  I'm guessing this movie is about the same as the old "Mystery Men" movie, but worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One of the worst movies I have ever seen.   The acting was bad, and the script was crappy. The direction was terrible.  I have seen some bad movies, and this was one of them.  If I could, I would have rated this movie 1 star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of all the old Twilight Zone and Talespinter stuff. It just seems like every Twilight Zone episode or cartoon ever made has been the result of a great deal of genius and imagination.  The only reason I watched this episode in the first place was because it was a Twilight Zone cartoon, and that's pretty much the only reason to waste one more minute.  I thought this episode was pretty pointless. The acting was awful, the story was predictable, and everything was just plain silly.  My biggest complaint is that this episode had a plot and was really, really predictable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen bad movies that were this bad and this was just the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was horrible and the story was awful.  I saw this movie at about 1am, on a Saturday night, but i could still clearly see the bad acting and horrible cinematography from the director and his crew. The movie was bad, and i mean bad. The whole movie was horrible, i mean the cinematography was bad.  The plot was weak, the story stupid and boring, and there wasn't even a bit of interest or suspense.  A few people in the movie seemed to enjoy the acting and the plot, and they had no special talents. I did enjoy the good acting and cinematography, and the special effects.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on Cinemax and I thought it was very bad. I was so wrong. I am a HUGE B-movie fanatic and i just saw "The Movie" in the morning with my co-worker. I don't know what was wrong with them. The main character was very weird, but there were a lot of stupid mistakes that the main character made and the director had no clue how to fix them. I can't wait to see the movie, I will watch this movie again and again until I stop watching this.  I am still trying to make sense of all the craziness and senseless movie acting, but I just cant. I gave it two out of ten, but then again, if the main characters weren't so annoying, i wouldn't have watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie could have gotten better would have been to find a better story line. I thought that this movie was not good, but then again I was watching it with my girlfriend and she was not convinced by it either.  As the movie went on, I got more and more convinced that the story line was not credible. The acting was not up to par with the actual movie.  The special effects were good, as were the sets.   My final verdict: The movie was bad and the acting was bad. The movie is a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard about this film for ages and had hoped it would be a decent piece of work.  It wasn't a decent film.   It didn't give any story and there was no real development of characters, so there was an element of "romance" between the characters.  Some of the actors played it as if it was a comedy.  One of the main characters had a big ego and was totally unreasonable.  This movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I've stated, I've seen this film a few times now, and it hasn't improved. It's boring, has no real story, has the potential to be interesting at all (I guess the "romantic" elements are all that great about), and is in dire need of a good scriptwriter.  If you've seen it, you'll see why. The "romance" elements just don't exist in this film. It is nothing more than a poorly produced and directed film that is neither interesting nor interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I could sit through a movie with this kind of plot. If I want to watch a good movie, I would probably rent "Titanic" instead of this one... I don´t know why I waste my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a pathetic mess and is filled with unnecessary scenes of bad acting and pointless action. It has a pretty good script and the director can't really believe how much he has to make it through his boring movie.  The plot is dumb and just has a very weak plot, very few details, and a really crappy script.  I give this movie a 4 out of 10, just because of the good acting and great script. This movie doesn't have good cinematography, nor good editing, nor a good directing.  It is a bad, very disappointing movie. It is the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title, I'll admit, is a bit too heavy-handed and overblown, but I guess I had to take it for the sake of being nice to the writer and director, and in the end it turned out to be the worst movie I've seen. The movie's title and the movie itself is a good indication that this movie is very badly directed and badly acted.  I would not recommend this movie to anyone, who likes movies like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie was watchable was because of the acting and the plot. The characters were dull and didn't really move in any way. The story was weak and had not much plot line, which makes this movie a very dull watch. The movie was also extremely long. I thought that it was boring. I really don't think this is a good movie. I'm glad that I saw it. I think I could have given it a rating of 0/10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie is about a couple of guys who are getting together and have sex in a secluded hotel room and later, in a sleimp hotel, they are having a good time when they meet the hotel maids. They end up in bed together, but there is nothing to show except for the sex. The story is about how these two guys meet, and when the hotel guests find out they are in the room together they start having sex with each other.  The movie tries to be a romantic comedy, so you can't get much out of the movie. But the ending is the worst of the bunch.  I don't understand how this movie gets a rating of 2 or 3, since it's not really a horror movie. I think this movie is a very low budget movie that really is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my 10 year old twin daughters. We were horrified. What the hell is going on?!?!  I was mad that they were so dumb and didn't want to watch it because of the gore. This movie is awful. The acting was horrible. The script is horrible. And this movie was horrible... It was awful. This is really really bad. The story is about a psycho killer killing doctor who kills people for money and then he turns around and kills them in the hospital. The movie is full of bad acting. I really want my money back.  My sister is mad. I have to ask her... what the hell were they thinking?? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad film. The acting was bad, the story is bad, and the direction is bad. It is a bad, bad film, and I am going to tell you that I am sick of the films that are produced and financed by a few big Hollywood companies, and these films should be stopped. The directors should stop trying to make a great film and instead make great films that the public can enjoy.   I am sorry, I can't believe how these directors and producers were trying to capture the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first episode of the show, the writers clearly stated that the first season was the best. In the second season, they completely abandoned that statement. I find it to be an absolutely pathetic attempt at making the same statement.  The main character of the first movie is a doctor named John. He's the best thing to ever show on television.   The second movie is "Vigil" which is also an absolute failure. It is also completely without suspense.  Vigil is a failure as well.  It is absolutely awful to watch the first 2 episodes.  This show has absolutely no real purpose. It really should have been canceled after one episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm a big horror fan. But I was very disappointed with the first movie. It was pretty much a collection of a few scenes that were very cheesy. In the first part, for example, the main character is talking to a creepy old woman and she is really freaked out because she sees her reflection in the mirror. That scene freaked me out the most. And the last scene freaky freaked my ass out.  This is not a good horror film, it is a cheesy horror movie. If you like cheesy horror films, I guess you are going to enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a rip-off of the "Citizen Kane" and "Bambi" films, both of which were excellent.  The story is predictable, the dialogue is choppy, the pacing is flat, the camera work is bad, and the acting is poor. The whole thing reminds me of "The Exorcist" (another great film about the Cylon race, this time set on the island of Atlantis).  The script is just about the same. In fact, it's not even the same Cylon, it seems to be one of those "Cylon Wars" type of movies.  I give it a 3/10 for being a bad film, a bad rip-offs of "Crimson Tide", "Curse of the Crimson Tide" and other similar movies. It's not a bad Cylon-like movie, nor is it good cinema-making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought that the first 30 minutes were interesting. The acting was not good, and the script was terrible.  The next hour or so was really not interesting. In the middle was the story of a very young woman that has been caught in a traffic jam and has a lot of flashbacks. The ending was not interesting at all, and it didn't make any sense.   The last hour or two was just plain dull, uninteresting. It just didn't have anything to do with the story at all.  I would like to see a reedited version of this movie with some better editing and better editing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just awful. The acting is bad. The story is stupid. The script is terrible. The directing is horrible. The cast is bad, the music is bad and the jokes are horrible. I think that this is one of those movies that is so bad that I give this movie a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the movie that I have watched for the past 3 weeks on the basis of the premise that it was "so bad, it's good". It's more than that.  The only good comment I can make about the movie is because I'm one of those people who has not seen a single of the movie's 43 films, and therefore cannot comment on them.  That said, I find myself unable to watch a single one of the 43 films that I've seen. In addition to being bad in the title, the movie consists of bad music, bad acting, bad story, bad directing and bad directing.   All in all, I am astonished at what I have to write, as I am trying to watch this movie, and still can't finish watching.  I wish I could say more, but I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first half of the movie is boring and fails to really entertain. The acting is poor and the story is poor.  The only highlight of the film is the great acting by John Ritter and the music.  It was disappointing. The film had an awful attempt at an entertainment blockbuster.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really don't understand how you can take a movie that really isn't very bad and then make it good. This is one of those movies that really should be put in the "worst of the worst movies ever" category. This was the case with the last two Star Wars films, and the first two Lord of the Rings films. The problem with this movie is that it doesn't make sense at all. The only explanation I can muster for this film is that they used up all the glitter in the nearby stores. If that's true, why didn't they just use some glitter in every scene to create more atmosphere? I have a feeling that they'd have to add that one line to the end of the movie to explain the whole film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies you know when you watch it. It's dull and boring.  It is not worth renting, but if you're desperate for a movie, watch "The Dead Zone" instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to take my eyes away to see this film after seeing this movie, and it's nothing short of painful.  The only thing that made me laugh at all was the movie's title and story.  I just finished watching it and felt the whole thing was a waste of time.  If you want to watch a funny movie with a good story, watch This Movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie for the heck of it, I didn't really want to see it at all. I just wanted to see some cute young people who would laugh at a movie I thought would be funny. Well, it was just dumb. The acting was horrible, the story was predictable and the movie just looked like it was made in a day.  I have since rented it, and it still looks like I'm sitting in a daze.  The best part of the movie was when the girls were in the shower, but then the movie ended. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an apparent attempt to avoid remaking this remake of `Comethings of Two' (Comethin's `Citizen Kane' and `Carnival of Souls') the producer(s) of `Hollywood Homicide: Los Muetos' has chosen to rehash the original story in its own continuity with its own script. The result is an all out war that is neither subtle nor convincing.  It's an attempt to rekindle the fire that killed the great writer/director Douglas Sirk when he made `Cinema Paradis' (1944)  It is a film that has little depth at all, it is so bad it is bad.   A complete failure of all the elements that should have made it a success in any way, it's like watching a bad version of `Gone With The Wind' 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There are several good reviews about this movie and I thought it would be a good one.  The acting is bad, the script is bad and the cinematography is terrible. I thought the director did a good job with the directing.   I guess I like the movie as I am a movie viewer.  This movie is really bad, but that is really all I can say about this film. I really don't understand how I could like it, but it has no meaning in my eyes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has nothing new. It is an all time low budget movie. I can only conclude that they could have spent more time making a great movie.  The ending was stupid. It was very poorly written and the ending was lame. It has nothing to do with the movie. This movie could have been a great masterpiece of a movie. The story is bad and the directing is crap, the acting is bad, and the script is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is absolutely horrible.  There are really no reasons to this. The plot is absolutely ridiculous, the acting is not funny, the script is horrible. It's not even funny.  The only funny parts are the movie's ending.  If you like to watch dumb, slapstick comedy with stupid, annoying humor this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that was worth watching was the first hour of the movie. I mean it wasn't even funny! The whole movie is like one big joke that just ends up ruined in the end. If you don't expect the movie to be funny, you will be surprised at how much of a joke you will actually get from this movie.  I will give a 1 out of 10 for this movie because the first 30 minutes was the only funny thing that made the movie funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is taken from a play in the Muppet Show and I was intrigued to see how they would deal with the Muppets and the various characters. So I went to the MST3K channel to see if I could. I didn't get much entertainment from the Munchies, and was very surprised at how bad they were. They were not bad at all and the acting was not bad either.  I watched this film for about 30 minutes and then realised it was just about to end. I had to go and see it again because it didn't live up to my expectations.  This movie should have ended before it started because it had all the elements that made me not like it after the first 15 minutes. It had the original Muppete's, the Mushi, the Koko, the Shrimp, the rats, the birds, the turtle, the animals, and the Mice. It also had a couple of new characters added in for the sake of the original characters.  If you want to see a Muppet movie this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing is, I found the movie to be very, very dull. I mean, it was just not exciting, the acting wasn't interesting, and I mean the movie was boring!  But then again, the movie wasn't that good, so I gave it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the story of a guy who makes his way into the world of a high tech company that manufactures a virtual reality device that can create almost any scene on the planet.  The story goes on for years, with nothing new happening. The plot eventually gets boring, and eventually there is a point where the story is completely lost, and the film falls flat.   There are too many things wrong with this film, and it is painful.  It is an example of the many that Hollywood has churned out over the years.  This movie is completely uninspiring and has no real story, just a collection of poorly written scenes with no real message. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not an psychologist, but I am very disturbed by the lack of empathy and the poor treatment of psychiatric workers. The main problem I have with this film is the portrayal of a person suffering from mental illness as a homicidal maniac. I am disturbed by it because I understand the person's pain, which is mostly ignored in most of the treatment. This movie is not a good depiction of psychiatric illness.  The main question I pose to the people who made this movie is: did you know that people suffering from psychiatric illness are very helpless and that the only person who can help them is a psychiatrist?    In conclusion, I strongly advise you not to waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a former boxer, who has lost his way into the city, and is trying to get a job.  One day, he is stopped at a red light and he is held in custody by the police.  Now, the police find out that the former boxer has killed his way out of jail, and has become a serial killer.  They find a dead body in a nearby marsh, and they think that the dead man was just a hick with a bad case of the flu.  So, the movie starts.  There are many unanswered questions in this movie, and I will not even list them here.   What are the police's suspicions about this?    Why is the movie so short?  I was wondering the same thing.  Why does the movie seem to be set in the woods, but then again, I don't know.  This movie is not a bad film, but it is bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really terrible, badly directed and the acting is bad, the direction is terrible and the cinematography is awful. It is just not funny. The humor is bad and the whole movie is terrible. The characters are really stupid.   The whole movie made me believe I could believe that this was made for a comedy, for the laughs, the acting and the plot.  I wish I could laugh at the thought of the people who made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where the whole concept is to make a movie about some guy's idea to make an adaptation of the best play of a play to the screen... and to do that the best way to do it is to be as accurate as possible...and as a movie that is, it is completely predictable, and there is absolutely no story line to follow...  There is nothing new to tell about this movie, so if you want to watch a good movie, watch The Great Race. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are those that will say this is a typical 'Korean movie', with a few Korean actors, a few music videos and so on. This is not the typical Korean movie, with a simple story and not much of the characters. I think this movie could have a few interesting characters, but instead it is a mess of music, no dialogs and a stupid plot.  It seems like a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was awful! I saw it in my friend's dorm. It was a bad script. I mean, a really bad script if you know what I mean.  And the acting was the most terrible I've ever seen in a movie. The special effects were good, the lighting was awful, the camera was awful. And I guess the movie was the only way to make the movie.  I watched this movie in the dark. I wanted to like it cause I was looking at the computer monitor the whole time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't really understand why this movie was never released.  There is a good scene with the mother and daughter driving away in the desert with their RV after the mother says "if you are going to do that, you will be safe in your RV." The RV is left behind. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film was a good idea. If you can take a straight story, with a good and twisted plot, and make it good, you will probably enjoy this film. The idea is interesting, but I guess that the director just doesn't have the talent to realize the full potential of this movie. The plot is weak, but you have to take into consideration that this movie has so many different aspects. I think that the best person in this movie is the director, as he manages to take every aspect of this story and fit it into the story in a very weak manner.  I am sorry, but the movie doesn't give you anything new to watch, nor it is strange. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the "The Grudge" by Charles Martin and it is one of the worst horror movies ever made. The only good thing is that the "voice" is of a very young Richard Dean Anderson and it could have easily been edited to make it sound like the real man. In the "documentary" on this movie the director quotes a lot of old horror movies and a lot freaky movies. They should all be wiped out. The story is boring, the acting is poor, and the story is very, very, boring. It is an absolute waste of time and I give this movie a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy movies with a low budget, or have any knowledge of history, you'll probably enjoy this movie.  It starts with a group of high school students debating on what is wrong with the world. They argue with one another for hours, with no resolution in sight.  What we get is a bad mix of low budget movies, high budget movies and a horrible movie. In the first 40 minutes we see nothing. We then find out that the other students are equally dumb as we are.   I watched this movie thinking that it was the lowest of the low budget films, and I was very wrong.  If this movie had a high budget, I would have given it a rating of 5/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would never go out of my way to see this movie...   It is very predictable, very tarted up and taut, but it does not fail to bore the hell out of you...  My rate: 2/10  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I think I've seen the worst movie ever. The acting is terrible. The story is completely boring.  The plot is predictable.  And the direction is completely uninteresting.   The only good thing about this movie was the soundtrack.  Don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I've seen that didn't go through the usual boring movie that a lot of the time. It had the worst acting I've ever seen. I can't remember the last time I saw a movie that was this bad. It's like the TV series The Omen.  I think this movie is worse than The Oman series.  My rating: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I understand the title of the movie, but I found it quite tedious, not a single line, but just too much empty.  The movie is not the worst movie, the movie is bad. The only good movie I have ever seen is "Maniac" with Ed Harris and Richard Dix and "Curse of the Crimson Witch" with Bill Sikes and James Coburn.  My advice is to do not waste your time with this movie, and even if you like bad horror movies, don't waste your money on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think it was the worst movie I've seen in the last 10 years... The acting is terrible... It has a plot... it's predictable and nothing new.  I can't believe the whole movie was a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie it was very good and it showed a couple of scenes of high comedy (one of which was in the beginning).  Then it started becoming really slow and the movie started becoming more and more predictable and boring. It was not funny, the direction was not original, the acting was not good, and the cinematography was very amateurish.  The last scenes in the movie were the beginning where they were in the cemetery and it was really sad and depressing, but it didn't add any new humor or anything. The ending was a complete failure and it just came out of nowhere.  I would have given it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first of three that I have watched with the sound of "The Great Gatsby" and "One for the Birds" in the background. It was made for an audience that would not like the story, but would laugh hysterically. It's a sad waste of film and I do not recommend to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie the first day it came out, and I was really mad at the plot.  I am glad it was released.  The acting was bad, the story was terrible, the characters were terrible and the movie is boring.  It has all the clichés of a first-aired episode of a TV series.  Don't waste your time, go see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is awful. The whole movie is soooooooo predictable. There are no suspense, no action, not much story. There is no real story. All the characters are just one-joke jokesters. I mean, I really felt sorry for them all.  The acting is terrible. The only real good actors are the guys who played the "nice guys" in the movie. The rest of them were either the friends of the "good guys" or just plain lazy. I give this movie a 2 out of 10 because of the suspense and the low grade of the movie because of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an adult I have seen many movies, and frankly I don't understand why it is that most people hate the bad movies. But I don,t, especially dislike the first one I had ever seen. It's the first movie I saw, I mean, in my life. It was terrible. The first movie that I ever saw was the one about the police officer that was killed in the Boston Marathon bombings.  And, now that I am no longer trying to watch this movie, I am wondering why people hate movies that are made with such little effort and talent.  I don`t know, and I don´t care. I just don´s not understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot of the movie is pretty bad, as I expected. The main character goes to school with his parents, but he gets bullied at school and then gets bullied in the middle of the school by a girl that he wants to be his girlfriend. The girl tries to rape the main character.   I have to admit, this movie was really dull. I mean, the movie was so boring and boring. The girls were hot and the guy was way too ugly. I really hope the movie got a sequel soon, because this movie isn't that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made me dislike this film was the idea that the two leads in this film were attractive and well-liked, and had good chemistry with each other.  I guess this film is the only "good movie" that really does anything interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember watching this movie as a child. I can honestly say that the acting was terrible. The plot was non-existant, the cinematography was bad, and the acting...well, I don't know what happened. I watched the whole thing. The whole movie.  I didn't laugh at all. I just sat there and watched the movie. The entire time, I was hoping something happened to me.  Don't waste your time on this movie. You will regret it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Aspect ratio: 1.85:1    Title (Brazil): "Vigilante" ("Death Seeker")   Director (Brazil, Argentina): "O Lampião da Estrelação" ("The Deadly Night")  Title ("Brazil, Buenos Aires, Para": "The Deadly Storm")  Special Effects: "Panic" ("Panic")  Visual Effects: (Brazil) "Vultures", (Argentina) "Almeria, la danza del cielo", (Mexico): "La brujeron", "La danza de la brujerón", (Chinatown, Los Angeles): "Culta da vida de la cándida", "Cortina" ("Cultivating Desire", "The Burning Desire",...)  (Brazil: "Curse of the Vampire", Argentina: "La vida del la brujas")  (Mexico: "The Vampires of the Year", "El Vulta del la la vida" ("Vulta of the Night") (Brazil), "La la vulta de la vira de la la nuit" ("Night of the Vultures") (Mexico), "Culpa, la vio del la canta", (San Juan de la Costa): "A la cata del nuit", "Nuit estrela que vultas", "Vampiros" ("night of the Dark") (Armenia: "O dama, la nueva crata" ("Darkness of Night")) (Mexico)  (Armania: 'La Vultiros") (San José): "Dira que la viste que la núvida de los cárulos" ("Black Night") ("Black Death", "Night of Blood",...) (Mexico);  "La nuit que vázquez na Estrelas" ("Blood Night")  (Mexico).  (Panama: "El Cándido" ("the Night")(Panama): " Dire, la luz" ("Lightning", "Lightning"(PanAMA)    'La luz de la crata de la nuce' ("Black death")  "Blood Night" (Mexico (Mexico Panama
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason to watch this film is because the actors are bad, the cinematography is terrible, and the sound is way too loud.  I'd be happier to see the main reason why I don't enjoy this film, is because I have nothing else to do.  The plot is bad, there are many boring scenes and the characters are way too clichéd and unbelievable to be funny, in fact they're way too fake. The film is awful, don't waste your time on this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I understand that "Gloria" is not in the top 100 in IMDb rankings. So, I'm very happy with it.  If you look at the number of votes it received and then the percentage of "Vault members" (those who voted), you will see that it received 0.001% of the votes.  The fact that the majority of the people who voted didn't bother to register with IMDb shows the utter lack of a story.  It is unfortunate that "The Girl" doesn't have a story of its own, or even a movie in the first place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of clichés in the movie, the director has a good cast, the screenplay is interesting, but this was really dull.  The movie is really a "Gloria-dressed-in-a-Furs" version of "Gigi's Island" or "Gigli's Island Adventure". The special effects are decent and the movie has no real story line, the characters are dumb, and it is just really dull! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was horrible, the acting was horrible and the story was...I think...boring. The only thing that made me laugh in the whole movie was that it had one scene with the kids talking and I think that was the only funny part of the whole film.  This is by far the worst film I have ever seen in my life. If you want to see a funny, gory movie that is....please don't waste your time on this one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why this movie is bad is that it is a remake of a film starring another guy named Joseph Gordon-Levitt. In this remake Joseph Gordon is the "Man in the Mirror" who gets revenge on a "woman in black" who got revenge on him. Gordon- Levitt is the evil man in the mirror and he is also a "man in the movie" who is the only "Man" in the whole movie who is good in any way.  It is also the only movie where you see the movie "The Man In The Mirror" in a non-new-look setting and in this case it is in a movie called "The Mirror Man".  In the old movie The Man In the Mirror gets revenge against a woman named Desire who is in love with Gordon-Hevitt and Gordon's girlfriend. Desire is the one woman who will keep Gordon-Hisvitt satisfied, and Gordon is supposed to "get revenge" on the woman in black for the love and sex she gave him.   If you like the original Gordon-It is a bad film, a remake, a re-do, a remaster of Gordon-Man in The Mirror Man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say I was never going to like this movie. I went to the video store and found this one. So I decided to see it... and boy was I disappointed. I didn't like the movie at all. The music, the acting, the plot, everything was just terrible. I mean, come on. How can you expect a movie that is so bad? And it wasn't even entertaining! So I gave it a 1... I can't even write an 1... it would be so much of a write-up to give this movie a proper rating... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is about a group of friends who decide to make a film about an old woman who, having watched her favorite film in the last 15 minutes of her life, returns to the beach where she grew up and finds herself drowning in the waves after an illness. She is rescued by a doctor who is the one who discovers her condition. The doctor tells her that she will have to go to a hospital for treatment.  The acting is poor, and the acting is deplorable. The story is so trite that it's hard to even know where it's going. The only good thing in the entire movie is the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say this. I am a fan of Michael Keaton and am very interested in seeing what he can do, so I watched this movie with my girlfriend and she loved it.  I went to see it and after half an hour i saw why i should give this a chance.  It was so bad, I mean it could have been so much better.   The story is so bad and i mean that was the main reason I gave it a rating.  My rating: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen "Stalker" a couple of times and this time I didn't want to waste any more time on the story. The film started out interesting as the director was a bit intrigued with the premise, but I guess I was right.  Anyway, it starts out well and ends with a very bad finish. So the first thing that really bothered me about the film was the fact that it's not supposed to be a thriller, it's a horror film. There are plenty of scary moments, and I didn;t really mind, because it didn't really try to scare me. So basically it was a typical, boring horror film that would have made a good horror film at the theatres. I guess it could be the most effective horror film ever, but there was not really much to the story to go along with the film.  There is one good moment in the entire film. It's at the beginning when the young girl is raped by a strange old man. She's raped and the man has a strange mark on his forehead, and he says to her: "You will be raped again, unless you have a good relationship with your father." She doesn't really believe him and he kills her.  "Stalkers" is a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first 40 minutes of this movie and I thought it was going to be a great movie, but it was worse than a bad vampire movie, I think, just bad acting and the vampire is cool, I mean, he's cool, he looks awesome, he has cool powers, he can't get out of the castle. And the vampire's cool.  Oh, and I liked the music, I did like the vampire hunter stuff and I didn't like the ending either, but that was cool. I gave it a 3 instead of the 1 because that is the same rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie is a lot better than the second. The characters are less wooden, and the story is not bad at all. There are some nice shots of some military guys in uniform with guns, but nothing more. The movie is full of plot holes, and it is boring and dull throughout. There is a few nice shots, but they are few and far between. The plot is not that bad, but that of the movie, not the novel. It is not a comedy, but a drama with very little humor. The story is boring, and a lot of people just do not have enough imagination to think.  If you like a bad, and you like bad movies, this is not one to pick out of the pile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a pathetic pile of cliche, predictable, and ultimately, bad acting and no great story. The movie is so bad that you will be asking yourself why did they waste the time on it.  There are some interesting and intriguing scenes, but you will not laugh at them as you will do in the old "Troll 2". The characters are not interesting and are not even entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when it was first released and I have to say that I had a very hard time understanding why it wasn't better!  First off, there are only two funny moments. The one is at the beginning, where everyone is walking around looking at a tree with an absolutely disgusting green-mirror-like effect, and the other is in the middle, where a woman with a very bad body (which I have seen on other pictures of her) is seen holding a dorky old man's hand, and his eyes are closed in astonishment.  Oh, and that little guy at the end - he's also a dorks, and a total bore.  The story is so bad, I couldn't even finish watching it! It is so cheesy, and badly done, I could not stop laughing at how bad it is! I am glad that I did not pay money to see it.  If you want to see a good movie with a good story, I would strongly recommend:    The first half is okay, as it is, but it is so boring, that I could barely sit through it. The second half is very much better.  I think it should be removed from this list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's pretty much an endless chain of clichés. The acting is poor, the camera is grainy, the sound is amateurish, and it has no energy.  It seems that this movie is a collection of the cliches that come from Hollywood every few years. It has nothing in common with the previous "Man of the year" winners.  And what's with all the swearing? It was all really unnecessary.  The ending is completely ridiculous. The ending says something like "Life, liberty, happiness" - but when it comes time for that line, all the acting is bad, the film is just dull.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had read a story about the end of WWII and was intrigued by this movie. It was like watching a soap, only not made for soap, so I tuned in and watched the movie. Boy, was I disappointed. I expected an action packed story of the war in the Pacific, but was let down.  In retrospect, I should have stopped after the first five minutes of the movie, because what was really happening on screen was not even close to the actual events of the War.  All in all, a bad film, very bad acting and nothing close to true to the truth of the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I have ever seen. It is really really not funny, is not interesting at all, and is really just plain stupid.  The film is so poor and boring that it is really not even funny. The film itself is so low-budget that you may actually laugh at the film's ridiculous humor.  I have watched a lot of low budget comedies, but this film is really a sad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a waste of time and money and could have been much better had it been directed by someone with more imagination. I watched this film with my brother, who was bored and wanted to see something interesting, but we didn't even laugh once throughout the entire movie. My brother kept saying to me, "Watch out for the 'tweenie dog'!" It is a stupid movie, the kids acting was horrible, and the characters were all so wooden and boring.  My wife and I are still disgusted with this waste of a film. We watched it to our horror horror-filled dreams. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, the cinematography was poor, and the songs were bad. And, the plot is really... just awful. The movie is nothing more than a bad rip-off of a bad play written by the same person who directed the original play, a play that's been done a million times, and is still going.  I watched the original one about a year ago and it's absolutely awful. It is truly awful.   This movie is just a bad idea and I really don't think I've ever seen anything that bad.  It's not really a comedy but a bad script and poor production. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a pathetic waste of time. The acting is bad, the plot is weak and the only reason why I rated it 1 star is that it has to do with the acting of all the actors. I found myself laughing hysterically at the horrible movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was a major disappointment. There are too many plot holes, the special effects are too cheesy, and the characters are not properly developed. The director should leave the special effect scene alone, and focus on the story and characters instead of trying to fill in time with extra scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I'm not an experienced movie buff, but I found the movie boring and very tatty, and it was so incredibly dull and monotone that I didn't feel any urge to fast forward. I think the director/actor of this film should be embarrassed to have made such a disgusting movie, and should be ashamed of himself.  This movie was bad. The acting is bad, the script is terrible. The special effects are horrible. The script is just bad. And there is nothing new or interesting in the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that I liked about the movie was the story of a female archaeologist and her efforts to uncover the lost city of Kastin in order to bring back her lost brother. The other two parts are, for lack of a better phrase, boring and uninteresting.  The story was bad enough, I think, to be enjoyable. The plot is bad enough to be good and there are so many characters that they should have cut to commercials and shown more of the actors doing the talking.  I am going to rate this movie a 1 for the first ten minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why I was disappointed in "The Last Wave". This is an alright film, I suppose. If you want to see a good film, a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the plot is not special, and the movie has a very predictable story. It's bad, I mean BAD. It is not funny, it is not interesting, and it's not interesting. And the only funny is the movie. The plot is completely predictable. The movie is bad.   I laughed at the movie for two hours. I mean really bad. The acting, it was awful.  The plot was bad, and I mean bad. I guess I can't expect anything more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's pretty clear that this movie is based on a few years back, and is nothing more.  The movie is not very entertaining. It's a waste of time and a very boring one.  A couple of scenes in the movie were amusing and interesting, and one of them is a bit silly. I'll take a few more minutes to write something that's not as stupid as this movie.  If you like watching bad movies, or even just bad comedies, then this might be for you.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing with this movie was that it was badly directed. I didn't like the movie, I thought it was too bad and boring. The acting was bad and the story was boring. I think I would give the movie a zero.  I was talking to my brother on this and he said that they should just take a good bath. He said it would be better if there was a great plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this movie for $3 at Walmart and it's really not worth my time. I'm not sure what people were thinking to see this movie. Maybe because the actors were so wooden, it was painful to watch. It's not like the movie was made for children or was anything other than bad. It has a lot of swear words in it and there is no plot. It was just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like every other bad movie. It has a plot. It is bad acting and bad directing. I mean the only thing that made this movie good was the music. The only good is that there were no good actors in this movie. The music was very good.  Overall, it is one of those movies that should have won a lot more awards. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say...this movie is a terrible movie, with bad acting and bad music...why didn't they put this movie in the toilet until the movie was over.   The plot is about a family of bumbling bickering brothers that play a game with a friend. The brothers have to play this horrible game, in order to survive the family's hungry stomachs.  The movie has very few good moments, and this is the only good moment i could find in the whole movie.  I'd suggest taking this movie out for a walk, and not watch the movie, because there is nothing good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say that I liked it, it was too preachy. The film is just a collection of quotes from different movies of different directors and actors. The only reason I was surprised was the script. It wasn't the worst film I've seen, but the worst I've ever seen.  I was looking for something a bit different to say the least, and boy was I disappointed.   As for the movie, I don't know what I expected, but as a movie, it's just a big pile of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made this film even slightly interesting was the plot line. Basically, a woman finds a video camera that seems to be working on her husband's computer, and that she can use to spy on him and her loved ones. It turns out that she's actually a CIA operative in the employ of a mysterious woman in a black hat. She's trying to penetrate the husband's mind and find out everything he's been hiding. It's not even a thriller, it's just boring, and the ending is completely unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the book before, and I was expecting a much better movie. The book was very well done, and the movie was very, very, boring. I can't believe it was only a short movie. And I really did not like the movie at all! The movie is full of unnecessary scenes, it is full o' unnecessary dialog, it has nothing good at all. The movie does not have a plot, it just makes a movie that makes the viewer wonder what the director was trying to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie and the only thing that I can say is that it had a few good scenes and some good dialogs. The movie is pretty much a failure of all the things that are supposed to make it a good movie. The acting was OK, the directing is pretty bad, and the movie just looks bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie extremely dull, the plot was weak, and the jokes were horrible. The whole movie was an insult to the intelligence of the viewer. I had to fast forward through the whole movie to understand what was going on, and it wasn't even funny. The movie was full of meaningless scenes, and was really really dull to the point that I almost felt bored watching it. I mean come on. Was there supposed to be a plot in the beginning? Was there a plot at the beginning of the movie? The movie is really not funny, nor was the movie interesting at all. The only funny parts were the beginning and the middle of the story. The story is very weak, the jokes very corny, and at the end, it becomes just really boring. I can't recommend this movie, but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, because they might laugh at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised at the sheer stupidity of the movie. The plot is not even bad, but just a muddled mess that doesn't make any sense.  The acting is awful, and is in the same category as the movie: bad, bad, good, good. The whole movie is just a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was nothing short of terrible. The story was so unclear, I felt I was watching a made for TV movie, as I did with the previous films. The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the ending was a big let down. The characters were one dimensional, and at the end you don't feel like you care about any of them. I did not laugh once, I only shed a few tears throughout the entire movie. The ending alone was an insult to the film, the movie was so bad, and I don't know how they could have given this movie a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the beginning, it was interesting how this movie is like a remake of `The Cat and the Canary', the Oscar-winning play by Oscar Levant, who died in 1969, at age 69, at the beginning of his life.   The movie is simply not interesting.  The story is weak, the characters are boring and, most of all, there's no feeling in the whole movie.  There are too many absurd elements. It's a pity that it didn't end up in a `Kubla' style epic, with more great writing, but still not bad acting, a `noir' atmosphere, great direction and a good script.  I think it should have ended with more closure, more closure and more action. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought the first half hour was really good enough and the movie really started to pick up a little. The pace was too slow and some of the scenes didn't make sense. It was too long and too predictable, and the direction didn't go in the right direction.   The only thing that kept this from being a perfect 10/10 was the great acting. It is a real shame because they used a real human to play their roles and really try to make a good movie. I think it would have been better to have used the real actors in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is an absolute failure, and this movie is one big rip off of the poor and miserable American movie. The main character is played by a young American who is so bitter and bitter that he has to go home and hide his anger and bitterness. The other main characters are played by the usual tired actors who try and try to make up a movie that will entertain the bored public.  I won't spend much time on the plot, because I know what you want to know. The movie is terrible. The characters are pathetic and not funny.  The only good movie I watched was "The Shop Around the Corner". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a mindless, mindless film about the latest trend in horror films, you're in for a surprise.  This is not one of those movies. This is a waste of time and a waste a really bad film.  The script is completely non-scary and the movie is extremely boring.  I mean, it's not supposed to be the greatest horror film ever, but it's a dreary one.  There's nothing even good about this movie, it is just a horrible movie with no redeeming qualities whatsoever.  Don't waste your time on this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I say this - as a teenager, I found the movie a bit too serious, but I was wrong. I got more bored and disappointed after watching this movie, because I saw some scenes that were good, but not over dramatic, and a lot of the stuff seemed like it was a parody of a documentary about a child abduction case, but just to think, this movie had not the slightest bit of depth, and not at all the sort of depth that I found in the documentaries.  If you watch it with a friend, you will understand why I was bored.  The only thing that was really wrong with this movie was the way that it ended. The ending is like the typical movie with the kid running away, with the kidnappers chasing after him - in this case, the kidnapper had a gun to his head, but when he ran away, he was shot in the back of the head, and when he was killed, he ran into the woods and disappeared - the gun was never found.   So what is the point of this movie anyway, exactly?  I do not know, but this is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that I give this movie is because the movie is a complete failure of all credibility. It's not a movie, it's a movie that was made to entertain people who had nothing good to do with their lives. The director should be ashamed of himself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I didn't like this movie was because the script was too heavy. There were a few funny moments but I can't think of one.  The movie is about an ancient Egyptian curse that was thought to have been unleashed by the pharaoh himself and his minions who had escaped to the desert. The ancient pharaoh was believed to have used up some of the most powerful magic in the world, and thus, unleashed a plague of death upon the people of the city of Raq.  It would be an interesting movie if it wasn't for the bad script, which is what made this movie so awful. It is one of those movies that is written and directed by someone who is too lazy to read the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie knowing that it was supposed to be a horror movie and horror fans know horror flicks are the best and they usually scare the hell out of me!  The script is weak, the actors are uninspired and the story was terrible. I can't wait to see how bad this movie is!   The only good parts were the sound and lighting. The movie is truly a waste of money!  If you see this movie don't watch it, even if you want to give it a shot, I think you will be very surprised. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is really stupid. It is not interesting at all. I mean, the movie is about an Arab who works at a café, takes a woman to his place and makes her a coffee. So he is really not interesting. He is boring, is not funny, and does not make sense. In the end he does not seem to have any meaning at all, he just sits in the café with his friends, eating, laughing and watching TV, and he makes a weird noise.  What a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole film is a succession of scenes that are so poorly done and badly done that they're unbelievable.  I have to be honest and say that if I hadn't seen the film before I saw the film I would have been horrified and furious.  What really surprised me was the plot. The plot was about a woman (a very young) who gets attacked by a mutant. She goes to her house to get away from the crazed mutant (who looks like an eight year old with an underdeveloped body), and finds out that she's been taken under the spell of the same spell.   It all goes downhill from there, the plot becomes more and more absurd and far-fetched, and the characters are simply ridiculous.  The ending is so poorly written that I am astonished. I felt like I was watching a film that was really badly directed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't understand why they would go out of their way to watch this movie. It's not even in the least interesting. The film is not even funny. I think that the director should be banned from making another movie like this, but if he does make another movie he should not be allowed to make another.   I really cannot understand how they managed to get so many people to watch the movie. They probably just think they will get a lot of laughs if they don't watch the film and then don't blame the film, its just their personal opinion that the film is too bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of this film was very bad. It was a waste of 92 minutes. The second half was even worse.  The ending is the only thing that kept me from giving this film a score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't see how the film can be considered for the first 5 minutes. It is just a repeat of the first 10 minutes with a new story line. The whole thing just repeats this story line without any sense of continuity.   If you are going to make a film about the real estate market, then you are just going to be making a comedy about how the government and the corporations were destroying the good stuff that made the market so successful.  I can see the great writing and direction coming in from the brilliant writers at DreamWorks, but this film just seems to have some great ideas that just don't come together in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an awful movie. I did watch it and after watching it I was disgusted. The acting is so bad it is bad it was hard to watch. The direction is horrible. The story is so...boring and not believable.  I would recommend watching the movie to avoid wasting any more time. The movie is not worth watching for anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen a movie that had such poor acting from my children. I'm all for kids movies, I think, and I'm glad that some kids in the world are now watching movies like this, for the sake of the kids. This movie is not only boring, as others have stated, it's boring. It's boring, just boring, not a great effort, and it is not a waste of time. If you have kids and want to watch a movie for them, I recommend not this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I watched this movie, I was thinking that it is so terrible, that it could be the greatest film ever. I mean, how do you get a doctor to make a video that is so bad, that they will believe its reality? The thing that bothered me the most, is the fact that this was a comedy, and that this movie had some interesting things that were not supposed to be funny.  This movie was not funny, and I mean that there were some funny parts, but they weren't enough to make me laugh.  If you are a real person, you will realize that this film is not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big movie buff, I am a movie fanatic. I mean, I was watching "The Incredible Strange Film Show" and it was the most boring movie I have ever seen. I have been to the movies with my wife and she says that this was the worst movie she has ever seen... and it wasn't.  "The Amazing Strange Film" is the kind of movie that is so bad that it is good.  The only really good movie I saw in the last week was "The Strange Film," and that was in a hotel.  This movie is bad, the plot is bad and the acting is horrible. The story is boring and the characters are so unlikable that you may actually laugh at them.  So, I guess I'll give it a 1... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the last 25 years, there was a great series of good-quality independent films from France. They were well-made and well-loved, but there wasn't anything to write home about.  This movie is terrible. The script is not even very good, but the acting is so poor that you wonder why people stopped to see it.  The only way this could be better would be if the actors stopped talking and started smiling.  And that's the point.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part was alright, but it was a slow build-up. The movie was OK, I liked the first half (I really could sympathise with the young guy), and then it all started going down hill from there. The acting was OK (I had to watch the film because I can't see the dialogue), and the movie was very predictable. I would rate it a 2/10 for the first 3 hours, then a 1/10 because of the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts out interesting and goes down the tubes with more and more ridiculous situations being inserted in to the plot. It is predictable and just not funny at all.  I am not sure how this film could ever made after watching this movie. I guess I am left with a bad taste in my mouth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is weak and seems to be about a bored scientist who makes a mistake that leads to a deadly disease spreading around and infecting everyone he comes in contact with.  The script is terrible, and the acting is bad.  If you want a real good story, watch "The Sentinel". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not too late in a movie, it is just too many bad movies made in a very short time. It is so bad that I am astonished, so bad it is good, and I am just glad I saw it in the first place, but not surprised in any way.   The plot of this movie is so weak, and yet, I did not like the direction. There is not one scene that could have been improved, but the acting is so terrible that it is beyond bad.  I am truly shocked that this movie, which was made on such a low budget, and that it made it to production in such a short time...  The movie had a really bad story, and really bad ending... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Bollywood fan. I had my hopes high for this film. I thought this was going to be a brilliant story. The ending was disappointing. All the actors did a good job and I think the director did an even better job.  This film is so poor, I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. I'm going to rent the sequel.  I don't know what this film was about and I want to give you my thoughts.  Bollywood can be so much fun. I just hope that they keep making more good films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What is the worst movie ever? It wasn't. I watched it for about 20 minutes and counted 5-10 times. I just found it horrible.  The plot is weak, the acting is bad and the movie is bad. I could barely sit through it. It was so bad that I could hardly even close my eyes.  I mean it was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a lot of bad movies since 90210 and have to say that this was not a bad one.   It is the worst film I have ever seen. It is so badly directed that it was good in the beginning. The only way I could laugh is to imagine how it made a joke about this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have thought that I would like to have seen the movie. The acting was bad and the whole movie seemed to be set up to make a good film. The story line seemed to drag, it seemed like it had something to say, and there were many scenes where I was waiting for something to happen, like when the police are called to the scene and they all come out of it, like the scene in the beginning where all the police officers are outside and one officer says "I can't believe what I saw, just a bunch of freaks with no business, and no authority." The scene where the police officer is talking to his superior officer about his "daydream" and the superior officer says to the cop "you're under arrest". The cop is crying and saying "I have a warrant" and just walks off. I felt sorry for the cop. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's going on in this movie is very poor, at least from the script, and from the director's point of view. The acting is bad, the dialog is bad. And the ending is terrible.   I would suggest not to waste any more time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a matter of fact, I have nothing against a good movie, but I have to say that this is very entertaining. However, if you want to see a good film, I would recommend the first episode of the show. I think the next episode will be a better one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a film about the relationship of an older woman and a younger guy, the older woman decides to make her move by moving in next door to a neighbor's home with her two children and three cats.  One day, as they're walking home from their walk, she decides to take a trip to the beach and take a swim.  When she gets out of the water, she and her children decide to take another swim in their underwear.  After the children are completely naked, she returns to the house and sits down on the bed, as she always does, and is surprised to see her kids' naked.  As she watches them, she notices that one of them is in the toilet and decides to leave the children alone for a few minutes, so she leaves the room and sees that the cat has gone back to the toilet, and that's the reason she came back.  This is a disgusting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was very very disappointing...I watched this movie with a few friends...they didn't laugh...they just looked stunned...I could tell by the way they were looking at the movie. I watched this for almost the whole movie and I am ashamed to say that I didn't have a single laugh during the whole time...I don't think this movie deserved to be called "K-911". It deserves a much better title... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason for seeing this movie is that it's by the director of the movie, a friend of mine, who saw it when it was first released and he just found it by chance, so he took it out with the words "This was just a stupid movie."  I found this movie pretty boring. It's nothing more than a collection of clips of his friend, which really does not make for a great movie, it just makes for a bad one.   There are many clips from other people's movies, and the whole movie is nothing more, this is not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the second movie I've seen that made me wonder why. Why didn't they make a sequel? Why didn;t they try to make a great deal of the plot into a brilliant romantic comedy? If you've been paying attention to the first movie you'll be totally lost.  But in this movie they don't even try to recreate the plot of the first. They don't make any attempt to bring the romance or comedy back, but just try to show the audience how it could have been like in the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember seeing this movie when it came out in the early 1980's, and I thought it was pretty cheesy. I thought the film was too self-conscious and corny to be watch. But when I see it now, and all I can see is how awful it is, I think I can't believe I ever watched it. The acting was bad. The story was bad, the story was crappy, and the story is terrible.  There were scenes that I thought could have been taken from a soap, which is why I never thought the movie was that bad.   I think this movie is pretty bad. I think it's like a soap that should have been shown on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you thought watching a documentary was going to be an entertaining watch, think again. The filmmaker had a big budget, a bad camera, a big editor, a crew, and a lot of time to make a good documentary. This documentary had all the above ingredients, and in a good way. The best part is that the story is so bad, that I could have written a better documentary. I would have given it a zero star if I could. The fact that it was a low budget documentary means that it should have been much better. Also the fact that the documentary is so long that you don't feel like you are watching a big waste. It is not just that bad, it is that there is something missing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first ten minutes of this movie made me want to puke. Then I remembered it was a comedy.  It's not even funny.  I watched this movie to try to enjoy the good humor, but I actually just wanted to vomit. I think I've seen some pretty bad movies, but this one was just too funny. I'm not even sure if it's worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy seeing a lot of crappy movies that don't have anything to do with actual reality, or if you enjoy watching a bunch of people act stupid, you will probably like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one big lie. It is a bad, boring, boring film.  It is nothing more than a cheap, dishonest, unbelievable lie.  I have a feeling that I was really let down by this film. It was really painful.  And it is. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the story is stupid.  So what's up with the acting. Why didn't they make a real film about this?   And how can you be a doctor or a doctor who is going to make a film about the real life experience of a person who is actually suffering from cancer and then sit on a sofa and act like it's just an entertaining movie? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many films that are not good at all, but this one is a disappointment.  I would recommend skipping this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been looking for this movie for the past 15 minutes, but I can't find it anywhere. The acting is awful. The script is awful, the direction is bad, and the acting is bad. I really hope the director never gets to work again, because he has made such a big mess that it's good.  This movie was terrible, and I hope they never have to waste another movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A couple of months ago I had read a story about how an ancient Egyptian curse had befallen their parents and brought them to their doom. I was very curious to see how it had become, and had never heard of this story before. I thought it would be a good Egyptian tale, but was very surprised to find out that I had been wrong.  The movie is like one big rehash of the story of the pharaoh, and has very little character development. The plot has been changed several times since I first saw it, and I'm not sure how it has changed.   If you are a parent who has seen the movie I would say don't bother. If your kids are smart enough to realize this you may be scarred for life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is a stalker movie.  I was very bored watching it. I don't know why. I just saw it because the title was "Stalker". So I figured it was a good movie, but not as good as the other movies it is so bad. The ending was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  If you liked "The Hills Have Eyes", you will like this movie. If you didn't, you will at least enjoy the "Stalking" part. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the Mplex channel and thought I could do something different. It was like the TV show, only better.  This movie is an embarrassment to the intelligence of the American public.   If you want to see a good movie, see the excellent documentary "The Secret World of Dr. Fu Manchu" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts well. It has a lot of things that don't add up, but it goes from bad to bad and not much has a point.  I'm thinking that the script and acting was bad. The director doesn't seem to know what is going on, so I guess it was his own fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I have seen. The acting is poor and the story is awful. The camera is shaking and the sound is horrible. I wish I could stop laughing at the acting because they are not professional actors. The story is terrible. The plot is weak. The writing is bad. The direction is bad and the movie is not worth the time to see. I think the movie should be a real waste of time and I hope I can make this movie disappear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a woman who rents a place in a quiet little village for her daughter's wedding and to make some more money she marries a guy, whom she barely knows, who she thinks is a neighbor. The two eventually find that their dreams of a place called DreamHouse are in the middle of real life and that they are connected by a strange chain of events that takes place in the past.  The movie was not very good. I don't think that this movie will have a good rating, because it was really terrible. The only good thing in the movie is the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was just a waste of my time. It was bad, bad, the script was stupid, the dialog was dumb and the ending was the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen. I would've been more willing to watch it had it been set in the 80's. I could've done better if I'd had a good writer. I don't know how they got a budget for this film. The cinematography was crappy and the sound effects were terrible. The production values were low.  I gave this film a 2 out of 10 for all the good actors and the great soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really surprised at how bad this film is. I went to the movie, I think I was on a vacation, and I watched this movie. I could tell it was bad from the first minute.  The acting was really bad, the characters were all one dimensional and unsympathetic.   My wife was screaming at me for going to the movies.  This movie was nothing more than a waste of time. The movie is not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a long-time film-watcher, I can't find the time to even comment on this film, since I found it so dull and boring...I guess I can just watch the first 5 minutes, but then I must remember that I watched this film with the intention to be bored...  I did not. In fact I started to get curious to see how the story would end.  It never got boring. It was actually boring throughout the entire film.  The acting was terrible. The dialog was terrible, the story was boring, and the acting was awful.  Don't waste your time.  I am a huge fan of the first 3 films from the director of 'Gig Young', and I have to say that this was a bad film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was looking forward to a film which was billed as 'The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer'. This was a film I had heard of. Pfeiffser's performance was the worst in my opinion. He is the only person who could have pulled off such an abomination. I do not know what Pfeifs intention was, because his character is completely lost in the plot. He has no relevance to the movie whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worthy of your time, and I would like to thank the good guys from the movie for the entertaining movie. I was entertained and furious throughout the entire movie. The only thing that kept me from screaming at the screen was a very bad script. A lot of the movie seemed to go off on the side of the road, and the road sign was the only thing keeping me from falling asleep.  This is a movie that should be avoided, unless you like watching people talk to each other on a train. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am going to start out by saying that I have no idea how or why this film was made. It looked like a good idea and I liked the idea of the film. I was looking forward to seeing it again and I didn't see the point of it at all. This was one of those "if you have to go and make a film of this movie you're a genius" films. It was bad, and I can't believe it got to be such a big disappointment.  The thing I like about this film is that the script and story was bad. I can see how the people who put this together had some good ideas and had good writers. This is a movie that doesn't look very good at all! I give it a rating of 0 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a shot of a beautiful woman standing in front of a building in a small French village. This shot is supposed to show her and a group of people their dreams. When the woman falls in the stairwell, it's supposed to be a beautiful moment in time. The movie is not that beautiful at all. It's boring and the acting is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "A Day At Bernie Sanders" has already been stated. But here's the kicker: if you take a look at the cast of the film, you'll notice they're all "Bernie Sanders" supporters.  The only reason why to watch this film is because the cast is so utterly un-American (as Bernie Sanders is a proud American) that it's the only reason to waste 2 hours of your life watching it.  So don't waste your time on this. The people who have made this movie should be ashamed of themselves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a horror movie, this is not it. I am not going to describe the movie's plot. What I am going to say is that this movie was very, very poor, very boring. I mean, come on. It was just bad. And it didn't scare me. I didn't feel anything.  It was so gory. I would just like to have seen the ending where they all get together and have a nice reunion. It just didn't work for me.  And lastly, the movie didn't take a lot of shortcuts, so I don't understand how you can just give the fans what they want.  Oh, and the acting is horrible, but I do think it was a little too wooden. It really seemed like they were trying to do something creative, but ended up just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read the book first, and I'm glad I did. This movie is the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the direction is terrible.  The only thing that kept me watching was the last half hour of the movie. After that, I was so sick I could barely stand it. The movie was so bad, I couldn't stop laughing after it was over.  My advice is if you see this movie, don't waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of this film is a pretty bad idea: the main character, a former reporter turned detective (or is it?), gets framed for murder, or is he a victim of the serial killer he tried to stop years ago? Whatever the case, this movie just doesn't work, it's just terrible.  The acting is poor, the plot is silly, the script is bad, and the plot doesn't make any sense.  I guess if you like a thriller film that is a good thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a previous review I said that this film is a "poor man's Ingemar Bergman film". I disagree with that. This is a poor man's Hollywood film.  It is a film that is made to entertain, it is a movie that is a piece of trash that is poorly directed and badly acted. It is an embarrassment to the art-movie industry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I love the movie, it is too bad that it is bad.  The acting was terrible and the direction is bad, too.  I have never understood this movie, because it is like saying: "It's not like it used to be, it's just like the old days when there were two guys who played the lead roles."  I mean, "Old people get old and die" is not the same as "Old old people get sick and die."  Also, the songs are bad. The songs are poor.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes or so of this film were really funny. It was too dark and had a lot of sex jokes, but the story itself is so bad and stupid that it is truly bad. I can't even believe that this is a real movie.  I think that if you liked the first 20-30 minutes of this, you should be able to enjoy the rest of it as well.  My advice would be to avoid this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is about a father's relationship with his own child, who is also his daughter's lover. The father's character is a pathetic excuse for a weak minded, lukewarm father. The daughter's character has no personality, or any connection to her mother or other female characters in the movie. I have never heard of the daughter before, and this was not the first time I saw her on film. I do not understand why the father would want to watch a movie about his daughter. The only reason I give this movie a rating is because of the actor playing the father. He has some interesting back story about how he got involved in his daughter cheating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing is: it was so bad I just gave it a shot.  This was so awful. It had a really bad, cheesy plot, it was badly directed, and it was boring.  The whole movie was a big let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What really got me was the fact that the two main characters are a couple of losers who make the movie. I just don't get it. This movie just wasn't funny. It's not even worth renting, even for a friend.  The movie was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one big joke. It is so bad, it is not funny. The humor is so corny and over-the-top, I wonder why people like this.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a real film buff who has seen the likes of Lord of the Rings, Harry Potter, and Lord of The Rings, among others. I've seen them all, and I've even seen Lord of War, and seen all of the Lord of Rings, and nothing can prepare you for this film. This film is so bad that I would not bother to describe it further, as I am unable to understand what the writer did. It is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is something that always plagues any film with an ending. The ending is always predictable, always unsatisfying and always disappointing. This movie is no exception. It is just an excuse for an ending that was badly executed.  The story is just a tarted up, badly directed, poorly acted and the ending is no better than the last time I saw it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a huge movie, "Flipper" manages to fall flat in comparison to "Bubba-bears", which is really a shame because "Flinpper" is a comedy that isn't funny. The story is completely without any real message, and the acting is not funny at all. The script is bad, the direction is poor, the characters are boring, and just nothing. The only funny parts are the beginning and the end credits, which is laughably bad. It is not even worth watching, even for a few laughs. I watched it for a laugh, and it was not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say this. It is not a documentary. It just is a very, very bad, horrible film. The people who made this should be ashamed of themselves. This is not how documentaries are supposed to be made, the filmmaker should learn how to act like a real documentary. And the actors should be embarrassed to be part of such a bad film. It will not win any awards. It should be removed from all video stores and destroyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a joke. If you are a serious movie viewer, you will laugh at the jokes, and then you will realize that these jokes are nothing compared to the real life situations of the people being insulted by them.  This is not a comedy, but a pathetic comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of those movies that was so bad I could never really sit through it. The script is predictable and the acting is poor and the plot is a non-story.  If you are a movie critic, you would have to say that this movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First let me say that I am a HUGE Jackass fan, I love that stupid show. This show is SO bad I'm surprised it made it to this low. I mean the jokes are the only funny thing that I have seen. I'm all up for some laughs. So the guy who played Jackass in the movie should be off the hook. This movie is an embarrassing embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the only film I have seen that has had the potential to be so utterly awful. The only real good in this film is the acting of the actors involved. I could care less. The film is filled with meaningless and boring dialogue. It is full of characters that could have been written by an 11-year old. I am sure the director is a real fan of the film, but I have a feeling that the movie could have used a lot more subtlety. The plot is too weak. The script is not very funny. The ending is bad. I feel as if I have been watching a TV movie all through this movie and I don't feel like I have had to pay attention to the characters for much of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, boring, dull, boring movie. The script is non-existant, the characters are flat and boring. I have seen so much bad acting in a movie in my 29 years that I really wanted to throw up. The whole movie is one big joke.  The last ten minutes is a waste of time. The ending is so uninspiring that it was completely unbelievable.  If you like the movie, don't watch it. You will feel more pain in watching this than you would if you actually went to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A new low-budget TV movie has been shot on a sound stage in Hong Kong and the film is set to appear in cinemas across the world. The film is not the worst HK film I've ever seen. It is one of the worst films I've seen in my entire life. I don't understand how this film got such poor reviews.    I'm not even sure how the filmmakers came up with the names of some of the actors in this movie. I've never heard of them before, so I don`t know. I didn't like the characters in this film, but I did like the sound of their voices. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure why the BBC is doing this. It is an extremely dull and boring show about a girl who becomes a soldier and goes into battle in a military base, with the soldiers around her looking to kill her.   What happens next is an utter failure on the part of the writers and producers. The girl is sent to live with her father who is also a soldier.  The rest of the series is nothing more than a succession of bad acting, bad music and bad jokes, and the show's rating is a pathetic one.  If you want a laugh then why not watch this complete rubbish movie, even if you think this is some great piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I could sit through this movie is if the director/writer had a good sense of humor, but didn't work very hard to create the movie...so...I mean, who can't find a joke? But what was the movie about anyway? The movie is...really, really boring. There were some nice funny moments, but I guess I had to get a few of them. I don't know what they were trying to do. They just made the movie.  I'm sure they liked the movie because of the music. It's a very boring movie, and I'm sorry to say that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was about a couple, a couple of guys, a girl, a group of them, but one girl, and a girl at the same time, but nothing happened.  The director, Robert James, decided to make a film about a group, a bunch of losers, one girl and two guys, who were really just plain losers and didn't have much to do. So, they all went to a local movie and spent the money on booze and went to the show. The movie had one good thing, and it was a nice, sweet, cheesy, cheesy song called "Let's Face the Music."  The main problem I had with this movie is that it had a pretty good, pretty good plot. And the ending is really stupid. But it still sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very confused and frustrated, I had to see this movie. The director should not have given this movie a 2 instead of 1. The only reason I give this movie as a 10 is because the special effects are good and the sound track is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What a crappy movie...  I mean...if you liked "Foster's Home Room" you will not like this movie...you will probably be very disappointed... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I don't get is why did the movie go on the air. If this was before I would be very happy to have seen it.   In this movie we just have one of many movies that have been airing. It just has no storyline, no direction, no nothing.  There are a lot of characters and they just act like one of a few friends.  The only good thing I can say is the soundtrack. The movie is not worth listening to, I really do think it is one of the worst musical acts I have ever heard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the first half of this movie (the first hour), and I thought it was going to be a great comedy. Then it turned out to be one of the worst movies I've seen.  The movie was so poorly written and acted that it was a wonder to see how many times the same jokes were repeated without changing the subject, or if the person doing the movie was sick of hearing them over and over.  I'm glad I saw the second half of the movie, because it made me sick to my stomach.  All in all, I'd say this movie is for the fans of Jack Frost. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you have seen, this movie is not good at all. The only reason I gave it a three was because of the plot of the movie. The main character is a cop who gets killed trying to catch the bad guy who framed him, which was not scary enough to scare the cop, but the bad cop is the one that gets killed in the end. The rest of the cast are just a bunch of idiots who just cannot believe what happened to them. The movie is nothing to watch and not scary at all, the plot is non-existent, the special effects are very fake, and the movie is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the movie is really bad. The acting in this movie is all horrible, the acting is poor, the writing is bad...  I really hope that you are not gonna waste your time on this movie. It will not make you laugh, even if you are a person who likes watching bad, bad, disgusting movies. It makes people hate this movie, and that is sad. I pity the person who took the time to write this movie because they are the one who got a really bad movie.  I can't see how this movie could have a rating. It should be one more than the 1.4 it had on here, but I don't know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It starts with a young woman (Kris Lanskowitz) returning home from Paris to visit her parents in New York after the birth of her baby. She finds that she can no longer live in the city, and instead has to make a home in a rural area. The people she lives with are also not the typical New Yorkers that populate the city. Kris finds that this is a major change in her life. She has to find a new way to live, and eventually she meets a local lawyer (Mancuso) who is also looking for a way out of her life and she becomes his girlfriend.  The movie is about the same old thing: old people making life decisions; people getting sick; a doctor (Kirshner); and a man in a car (Mazursky).  The script is bad, the story is bad and the acting is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. It is not entertaining, funny, interesting, but it is not even really funny. I am not sure how this movie managed to get so low rating.  I had really high hopes for this movie, but was so disappointed I had to shut my eyes. The movie is not worth wasting my time, I would not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have watched this movie over 2000 times and I have yet to find a redeeming factor in it. This movie was so bad that I had to watch it for a good laugh. The only thing that kept me watching is that it is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were ever to have watched the first 3 seasons of "The Simpsons," you will know that the plot was a complete failure. It was nothing more, a collection of meaningless jokes that was just thrown together randomly. The "kids" can make fun of the movie for the ridiculous jokes, but it failed miserably. The acting was bad, the plot boring, and the humor was awful.  "The new" "Simpson" is a complete disappointment.  The only funny thing that made me laugh was the idea of the old lady in the museum who is so desperate for money that she will sell her collection of stuffed animals and try to make a living for herself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking forward to this movie for my own movie viewing, but after seeing this movie I really couldn't take it seriously. I watched this movie as a student, and was amazed at how bad it was. I think it was because I was told the movie was about a serial killer and I thought I would get to see the movie, but boy was I disappointed.  As the movie went on, it wasn't really about the serial killer at all. The acting was horrible, and the movie seemed to drag on and on and I didn't care. It was so bad, I just stopped watching.  The movie didn't even have one good scene in it. I don't know what happened with that one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a late night television show. I was bored to tears and I decided to watch it. I found the movie to be soooooo lame and to bad, i mean bad. The acting was sooooo bad i had to turn my volume on full blast to try to get my eyes off of it. The director tried really hard to make this movie a masterpiece and he made it look like he didn't even try to make it good at all. The movie is full of clichés and it is really really disappointing, i really think he could have done something different with the movie. I am honestly surprised how they could have made a movie with this much talent. I do recommend to stay with TV-Shop for the good comedy and a good time. I give this movie an '8' for the humor factor and a '5' for acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my brother, and I honestly think the movie was a complete failure.  The plot was the worst movie I have ever seen, but there was no real story.  There were a lot of scenes that could have been funny in a comedy show.  This movie was so bad that I gave it a 1 out of 10, but it still has that 1 out for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an interview with the Guardian's Dominic Monaghan, Monaghan said that his role was "as a father and a grandfather". He said that he was "going through the normal life of being a father".  He also claimed that he "did not have a job". He also denied the existence of a child, and that he had never been in a hospital.  He said he was going to work on a farm, but had not, and in fact was going home and having a nice life".   It also showed Monaghan's hypocrisy in claiming that he and his wife were not living "normal". It was shown that he claimed to be living "an island life" - he was living on land that he could afford to rent. He also admitted that he didn't even know how to play tennis.  However, Monaghy was very disappointing as a mother, and was probably going to be the main character in the movie.  The film is not bad, nor is it good, and should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had the worst experience of my life watching this movie.  This movie starts off with a good start, and there are a few good comments and laughs. I found myself laughing and wishing that it would get better.   What I saw was a movie that was funny. It was very tiring and I was very disappointed with it.  The whole movie reminded me of one of my worst movies, but it was not.  If I had to say I have never watched such a bad, dumb movie in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have watched this movie, you must have a severe case of multiple personality disorder.  If there's any credit for this movie it's the fact that the director of the movie is the one and only person in the entire world that saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am glad I did not pay for this movie. It was very tepid, tepill and the sound was terrible.  I did enjoy the look of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was badly acted and the story was boring.  The acting is terrible.  I didn't feel any emotion for the characters and I didn;t like any of them.  This movie is like a made for TV show, nothing special about it and it doesn't seem like a movie at all.   I would have given this movie a rating of one star, just to be safe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how anyone can find this film interesting in the first place. The characters are completely one-dimensional. The script is bad and the acting is bad. The only highlight of this movie is the scene where one of the women is seen with her backside to the camera and it is in bad taste.  The last ten minutes of the movie was the worst acting I have ever seen from a movie that I have EVER watched.  If you have nothing better to do then watch the movie again and see how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is not much to say about this movie. The story is a poor imitation of a film by James T. Flocker. The actors are bad. I mean really bad.  The only reason that I give this movie a 3/10 is because it is an alright movie, but because of the acting and the plot it has really low rating.  It is no longer an alright film than a bad one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's only one true story of a "real" serial killer and it's one of those that's so bad, it becomes a bad thing and then, once the movie is done and done, it doesn't matter.  I'm just saying, this is the kind of movie that you don't watch once, then you're going to get sick of it.  The thing about this movie is that it's so poor, you have no time to see it, because it's not really worth it. If you're willing to waste the time watching this film, you're probably really in for a rude awakening.  If you like your movies that are entertaining and have a plot, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that should be avoided at all costs. It is a low budget B movie with horrible acting, low budget production and bad special effects. It's a waste of time. I was sitting in the theater thinking that I had wasted my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are expecting something like this, you should probably leave the house, grab a pizza, and just leave. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive thing about the movie is that it was shot in color.  In fact, the only thing that made me laugh was the way that the characters were so unsympathetic, it was just not funny.  The movie reminded me of "Bobby" the bumbling idiot from the TV show "Beverly Hills Cop", as portrayed by the character of Joe Piscipo.  However, if you are a serious person, and have not laughed at a comedy movie in a long time, you will probably find it a fun watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As it was the first feature film, the premise is good, the acting is good and the theme song catchy, but there is not much of it.  The movie is more reminiscent of a TV soap-opera, the actors are poor, the direction is flat and the script is a joke.   The characters are so unsympathetic, it's hard to get them to act. The story itself is bad and the movie is not worth wasting your time on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two-thirds of the movie were interesting enough, but by the time the movie reached its predictable ending, it had nothing good. The story has a strange ending, and has been left to be taken by an unsuspecting public.   The next morning, I had a strange dream. I went to the bathroom, and all I had on my mind was how this movie was going to end. I was wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you want to see a good movie, you have to see this. It has good humor, and if you like good, dirty, or silly movies, you will like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were a 14 year old kid back in 1993, I would have been scared senseless by this movie. This movie has all the classic elements of being a "monster movie". I have to believe that the kids of the day would think this was good. It was really horrible. I mean really really horrible movie. I have never seen a movie that bad. I had nightmares of this movie as a kid. I hated it. I hate how it was so boring. The music was really bad. The acting was terrible. The only good movie I have seen that was really good was the film "Troll 2". I was scared the crap out of me. It had no real scares. I'm a parent, but I will never watch this movie, ever again. I was so frightened by the music that it was scary. The sound effects were the worst. And the "trolls" sound was just terrible. There was no thrill. I would not recommend this movie to anybody. It is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of the movie was good, but then, I was really lost. The story is not really interesting. The script is not very good.   All in all, I thought the movie would be good, and I was not disappointed.  This movie is really bad. It is not funny at all, and the movie is badly directed and acted.  I think the movie could have been much much better. I really do not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie I have seen with this movie is the first one I ever saw in my life. I was 17 years old and I saw it in the cinema, and that was the only time I saw a bad horror movie.  I think that the film is very boring and boring. It has a bad script and the acting is awful. I think I would like to warn other people not to waste their time with it, because it is very pointless. I have watched movies with bad acting and I can tell you that this movie has the worst script I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had to be the worst movie ever. I mean, it had the plot, it was bad and the acting was bad. The movie had bad special effects, and no story, the acting... it was horrible. It wasn't funny. The special effects were so fake and fake, it didn't feel real at all. It's a shame to waste...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes are the usual, cute, and harmless romantic comedy about a guy who is attracted to a pretty woman and their struggles. But that's it. There's a long, slow, boring, and ultimately unsatisfying sequence of jokes about this woman's feelings of failure.  As for the rest of the movie, it is a collection of clichés. One thing that saves this from being an extremely bad movie is that it does not try to be funny, and instead just tries to be cute and ends with a pointless slapstick.  I do like the music (the music is boring), and it is very uninteresting.  Overall, the movie is boring and badly acted. I would have to give it a 2 instead of 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible. The script was bad. The acting wasn't great, the script was lame. The writing was bad and the ending was awful. I mean come on... what the hell happened.  I mean... I can't believe how stupid this movie was.  Please, just save me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is an insult to the intelligence of the audience, to the artistry of the movie-making. It is a piece of crap that would be laughed out of a third grade play.  I will not waste your time describing the plot, but it's not very original, nor is it really funny. The jokes are weak, and the script is terrible.  My advice - watch the first 5 minutes of the show, then turn it off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a really bad remake of the original series. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the special effects are the only thing that was good.  I mean it is not like watching a Disney movie where you can just say "Wow! This movie will be great!" and you get a 10 instead of a 1.   My rating: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I am a huge Adam Sandler fan and I thought this movie was very boring and pointless. I am not going to comment much on his other movies but I will say that I don't care much about his movies, and I don`t see the appeal of this movie to anybody. The movie itself is not good at all. It is so very poorly written that it can only be seen as a bad Adam Sandlers movie, since this is the only movie I know that was bad. I was wondering why he made this movie. And, the main reason why I didn`t like it was that I thought that the ending was just plain stupid. Sandler`s movies were supposed to be funny. They were supposed not to be serious, funny and meaningful. I mean, they were supposed, but this was just bad. The end of this was, just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first two of three "Hollywood classics" were great, but this was a major disappointment. The acting was so bad I couldn't even finish watching it, I am very surprised at how many people actually like it. I was really looking forward to the "three witches" fight scene and I was amazed that the last two people in the movie were in the fight at the very beginning, that was the only reason to watch this movie. The ending was so poorly done and the end was so lame, I could even finish the movie after watching it.  I have seen all the "Halloween" movies, but I am still amazed how this one managed to make this list of "the worst movies ever" in the history of the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm so glad i went to see this film and i was the lucky one. The movie was bad and i saw nothing special. I just walked out and expected to like it or something like that. This is one of those films where if you can see it you will get a discount. I thought that was pretty lame.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (1/2)   Color saturation:.33 (100% saturation)  Black saturation: 0.0 (100%)   Red saturation: 2.4 (100%, 50% to 80% saturation).   Green saturation: 3.4.4 (95%, 80% to 90% saturation )   Yellow saturation: 4.5 (75%, 80%, 100% to 95% saturation    For the whole film this was an extremely murky, haphazard, uninteresting, and just bad  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an average rip-off of the original, except that I have not seen it, so I cannot compare. I did watch the movie in the beginning and it was pretty interesting, but then it just went on a tangent, and ended in a mess. The plot has been completely changed, the movie is not as good as the original and it is not interesting as the sequel. I give it a 3 out of 10, I hope I will not be disappointed, as it is only a rip- off of the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A pretty cheesy movie that is. But then, the acting is bad.  The direction is very bad and the story is so bad, it is, and the movie is, so bad. It is like they were making a movie that had bad, terrible, boring, horrible characters and then made a sequel, even worse.  A bunch of kids sit on a log in the woods, and there is a fight between them.  Then, some more kids show up and beat the crap out of them, and it is hilarious. Then, the movie has a fight again, this time with a little kids.  This is a movie with a lot of bad acting, and nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are many, many ways to make a movie: bad directing, bad editing, bad cinematography, bad sound, bad camera movements... all in all it's a big let down.   I'm so glad I went to see this, I was really expecting a B movie and I wasn't expecting much more.  What an absolute mess.  It really is awful and really really doesn't deserve a rating, but I guess if you enjoy watching a lot of trash films this one should be in your collection. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen. It is really not funny and I found it very dull at times. The main characters are bad, the jokes are bad and there is nothing even close to decent to recommend this movie.  I guess it was a bad budget movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical low budget movie with the usual low budget special effects and cheesy dialogue. It starts off cute and gets silly very quickly. Then we get a couple of shots of the actors talking about how they made the movie (that was interesting) and just plain boring after that. The movie was so much crap that you couldn't even understand what was going on. I guess the producers were having a good time making the movie as the story went on. The story was lame and was not at all interesting. It was like a typical Disney movie that was made in the 70's. The plot was weak, the characters was not very interesting and the movie was boring at times.  I think this movie was actually a very bad movie as far as budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those films that you are not allowed to rate, judge or even know much about.  This film is a failure.  I've seen it all before.  The acting is horrible.  the story is not interesting.  a few of the performances are good, but I think that the director had too much time to think about them.  and it's not interesting, the story has too many unanswered questions.   I don't think the film is worth watching... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just saw this film at the Sydney Gay and Mardi Gras Film Festival, and thought I had been treated to the worst film I've ever seen. It's just not. It just not, it's awful.  The only thing that kept me watching was the way it was filmed. It didn't make sense, and the camera didn't follow the plot. There was no real sense of humour.  I'm not sure if this film is good, but I do know that the festival is in Sydney, and this film should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning, the movie starts with the story of two guys that get into a fight in the woods. One guy is dead and the other gets up and starts to walk away and is taken by the other.   The movie starts out well with a lot of dialog and action and it doesn't have much of a plot to speak of. But as the movie progresses, more and more characters join the fight.  The acting was horrible. The first ten minutes of the movie were interesting, but the rest is crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has one redeeming feature that is, the fact that the main characters are all one black female and half black male. I had to turn the channel and fast-forward to get to this.   The characters are caricatures of the average black female that is used to represent a "problem-at-hand". The main characters, on the other hand, are caricaturisations of black male and female relationships. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a horrible movie.  It is a movie about a guy that falls in love with a woman he meets on a train. They argue and fight in the train and he ends up taking her back to his hometown to be together.  In this movie, it seems that the woman is just a slut and has every right to have every man in the town fall in love to her.  This movie is an extremely terrible movie. It is one of those movies where the guy that is supposed to be a hero is a hero and the woman he has fallen in love is a slut. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was extremely horrible. I saw the movie when I was 15, and even at that time I thought the movie was so bad it was good. I'm glad I did not see the movie again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't understand why this movie was never put out on video. It is one of those movies that you have to watch for the laugh factor, or for the sheer novelty factor. I just don't know why.  The story is weak and uninspiring. It could be that they ran out of money for the soundtrack, but that doesn't explain the movie.  I guess it is for the novelty factor, because I am easily entertained.  Overall, a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for about 15 years. It was absolutely awful. This is one of those movies that was made and released at the same time as a comedy about some college kids getting into trouble. This movie should have been canceled and destroyed for all time. There is not a single funny thing to say about this movie. The acting is poor, the movie is predictable, and it is like the "North by Northwest" of the early 80's. I could go on for hours about how horrible this movie is. The main character in the movie was a loser. He kept saying, "You're a loser, so you're a good actor." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to write anything else. This movie is a joke. I guess the producers expected us to laugh. Well, they don't really have a clue what to do.  If you're going to make a comedy about a bunch of friends trying to have a great prank, you'll have to at least have a decent plot. And that's all I can say.  The rest of the movie is nothing more than a parody of the TV series "Arrow". The movie is filled with a bunch "Arrows" and "Archers" trying to come up with the perfect prank. I'll laugh out loud at how lame it is.  So, if you want to watch a funny prank comedy, watch this movie...you won't get it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What the movie is about is a group of teens who are getting kicked out of school by their parents for truancy and discipline. This is the premise. This movie is nothing more than an exercise in stupidity. A teenager's life is made up of bad things, bad acting and bad directing. The movie goes no where.  It's sad when the director thinks that by making the movie into a piece of crap he can make people get mad at him for making a movie.  If you enjoy watching a lot of teen slasher movies, or just dumb slasher movie. Then this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very typical B movie from the 'new' Mill Creek, California area. I would be tempted to rent this movie for the same reasons as the previous movie: a good dose of good old San Francisco city living mixed in with a good old B movie. I thought the first movie was good and the second was a waste of good entertainment.  This movie starts out with a somewhat interesting premise that a 'buddy cop' is out to solve the murder of a former girlfriend of a high school senior. They go to the senior's house and the junior's room is where the murder took place.  Then we have a couple of nice shots of the killer in his car and the house itself. We can see the police officer's and the assistant's work from the first and second scenes and it makes them seem very 'distant'.  This was not very well done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not one of the many who saw this film and thought I was kidding. I think I was the first person who actually saw this movie and didn't feel like it. It was terrible.  This film starts off well. There is a nice scene where some one is on a boat with a large dead fish in it. I don't know how this happened and I don`t really care. The scene was just stupid.  I think it was very boring and uninteresting. I guess if you like the typical B-movie fare you would like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was bad. It was awful. The acting was bad, the characters were horrible and the direction was poor.  The best is the music. I'm not going to listen to that. It is the most intrusive song I have ever heard.  I am going to go watch that movie again.   I would like to see a movie with Michael Caine in it. It has a few good moments but they are overshadowed by the music and the boring acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a comedy! The script is boring, the acting is bad, and the script is bad. This is a horrible movie that I will not waste my time commenting. The only reason I give this movie a rating is because I know nothing of Jack Black, but his character is just so horrible, that I have to rate it based on his performance.   This movie should have been dropped from the IMDB rating system and never been given a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I've seen. It's so bad I've been unable to watch it because I've either been extremely sick or simply I can't bear to watch a movie that is so bad. It is so boring I couldn't even finish it, and I would really appreciate a good, honest movie. I just want to give up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has the look and feel of a bad Sci-Fi movie. It is filled with computer graphics and cheap effects and cheap dialogue. The plot is extremely thin and the acting is horrible.   This is possibly the worst movie ever made. It could also be the worst film I have ever seen.  The only good thing is, that is not the plot of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm sorry, and I'm really really sorry to see a movie that was made for kids with no braincells and no creativity whatsoever. I watched it because I like it (the plot is weak and I really don't understand what people were trying to do), but it was so incredibly dull and boring that I really wanted to leave the theater before I could stop laughing. This movie made me want to walk out because I was so bored by the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have nothing more to say about this film, other than what I have already stated.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I saw it at a screening in Brooklyn, and I was horrified.  It is nothing more than an hour and a half long film.  The plot is, for the first half, very bad.  One could be forgiven to say that it is not an exciting movie, but then, it does not deliver.  My advice is to leave the movie with a few laughs, and then wonder what happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has to be the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting was horrible, the writing was stupid, and I am sure there is not a single person in the world that actually enjoyed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a man and his girlfriend getting annoyed by his daughter's behavior. After an argument they decide to visit their parents' house and get rid of it.  I was very bored throughout the movie and the whole movie is about these two people arguing and complaining about it. I think the movie was a stalker and the end was the most ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is based on a story by "A Time to Kill" author James Joyce, and a story of his life.  It's just bad bad. The director doesn't even bother to present the main characters well.  I have to give up after 30 minutes.  The only thing that could have saved it from being so boring was the acting.  In fact the whole movie is dull and boring.  If you like to see a movie where you have to sit through the whole thing and just think to yourself, "Just what the hell is going on here?", this isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. I've seen bad TV movies. They're good, but I've yet to see one that wasn't a total waste of time. I have no idea what the movie was trying to say, since it seemed to have a very vague idea that a mother's attempts to bring her daughter to a higher plane is the only way that a child could ever reach the heavenly realm.  The plot is...well...nothing special. It's a poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I'm not really sure how I feel about the whole concept of a movie. What I am, is that the whole premise is based on a very bad book.  The premise is that a group of people meet in a hotel bar, and that they discuss about a possible way to get rid of each other.  Well, they all end up dead in a matter of minutes, and then we are treated to an incoherent mess of characters, dialog and uninteresting situations. The film doesn't make any attempt to provide any sort of resolution or closure for these characters, but just takes it one step further and says that the dead can return to their normal lives.  I really don't get why it was so disappointing.  This film is a stalker's dream, and I'm glad that I don't know that much about that, but that is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worthy of even a comment, let alone the summary that I gave it in my review. It's a shame it didn't get a 2, because I'm glad I sat through it. I guess I can't really be blamed, though, because it wasn't really that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to try and explain why I'm such a big fan of this film...  The first thing that bothered me about the film was the use of CG. I can see why... It is so much work to make such a CG film. It's just so much money and time you could have made a better film. And the CG is no better than the actual movie. The CG is used as an effect, and it has no effect. And there are just CG scenes... I mean it's not realistic, its just CG and not real at all.  This is the only good thing about the movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very bad and boring and badly acted. The first twenty minutes is like an interview with a bad actor, that was the only way to make this film.  The movie is badly directed, poorly directed, badly acted, badly edited. It seems that this film was made by a fan, who doesn't care about the actors, or the story, and just wants to be able to laugh at his own work.  I do think this film is interesting in the fact that this movie is supposed to be about a black woman and the way she deals with the black people she lives with. I am not sure if it is supposed that or not.   I'm glad I don't waste any more time watching this film, as I'm sure the people who made this film will be regretting their wasted time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure if it was the low budget or the actors who played the lead roles. The story was very boring and the script was very bad. The ending was terrible. It seemed like they just wanted to wrap everything up and show it to the world that they didn't have much of anything to work with.  The ending makes you wonder what the director was trying to do. I guess he was trying too hard to make a movie about his little sister's dog who died and got up and died because she was alone. It was sad.   The cast is horrible. The only good part was the last 10 minutes. The rest was just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very low budget with little money. I think this movie could have been much better if it had just showed the people in the hospital and their lives. This movie is not about the hospital at all, it is about the story of one woman who gets attacked by a strange man and she has to fight for her life or face certain death.  If you like a good horror film like this don't see this movie, I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the original, so to be able to write a negative comment on this film would be a real let down.  The direction is really bad, and the cast is pretty un-talented and the movie is truly awful.  If you are a fan of Stanley Tucci, you will love this movie, because he plays his character a little too hard.  This is not a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts very well, but really gets boring in the end, so that the viewer is unable to fully participate.  The characters in the movie are either too dumb or just plain bad.  I found the movie to be a waste of time, and to be of no interest to anyone other than a complete idiot.  If you are expecting something new, I would strongly recommend skipping this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a gut feeling I had to watch this movie and I have to say I was let down. The first 15 minutes were good and I got bored. Then I started to watch the second 15 minutes and my heart started to pound.  I was really hoping something was going to happen and then I had enough.  There was no way the movie was going well and this was it. I mean, I just had to see it and it wasn't bad, right? The only really good part of the movie is when the kids were trying to play the "Old School" theme song at the beginning and it was just a pathetic attempt. The kids were annoying, they were all in one place and there was no excitement. I watched the movie like I was a kid again and I had the same gut feeling.   I just saw the movie and was let to sleep on it and I didn't sleep at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot summary from the IMDb summary, is that a film was set in the town of Haddonfield, IL, but it turned out to be an extremely dull, clichéd, and poorly thought-out piece of garbage.  The film features two kids, playing a sort of video game together. One of them is called "Cannon," and the other is "Carnival," but the two kids are so inept in their video game antics, that the film is really bad.  I watched it on my local channel, and it looked like a dull, boring, and unbelievable movie. I am surprised that it garnered much notice, as it was so boring, that I could not stop laughing at it.  My advice, if you see it, try to stay away from it, and just make a small amount of noise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title says it all, it's the worst movie I've seen. I'm sure I'd be a better director for such a movie. I have to say though, this movie is so awful, I actually shed a tear over it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The story of a sleazy investigator is a rip off of the original series. The special effects are cheap and the cinematography is horrible. I gave this movie a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first five minutes I was so bored and bored I wanted to turn the movie off. It continued to go on and on, the acting was bad, the characters were boring, and the direction was terrible. I tried to take my eyes away from the screen.  This movie is not good. I have seen the movie twice now and I still have the same feeling as when I was in first five or sixth grade.  I have also seen the other movie, "The Family Stone", in which the main characters were the same as the movie "The Last Mimzy". That movie was great.  In this movie, the main character is a guy named "Waldron" who works in the museum, and his wife is called "Dorothy". "Waldo" is the boss of the museum. "Dora" is a museum curator. "Museum" is some museum that has nothing to do with science or even art, but has some kind of curator who likes to watch movies and has the authority to decide what movies to show.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A bad movie, that has nothing to do with good movies, but nothing more.  The first ten minutes of the movie are really good.  I am a big movie buff, but this movie was way below me. The acting was bad, and the special effects are beyond amazing.  This movie is not worth watching, unless you are a huge fan of the Star Wars series, but I don't know why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a big waste of time, effort and money. I mean, it is one of those movies that is bad, bad, boring, disappointing, unbelievable and, worst. It also fails to live up to the promise it had. In my opinion, the movie "My Favorite Martian" is the worst movie of all time.  The story is about a robot that comes back from the past and kills all of the astronauts on the Red Planet. They must get out of there and meet up with a team of people.  "My favorite Martian" has all the same problems with the original movie "Citizen Kane" and all of that great special effects and special effects. I also believe the plot has been changed, and it has been written a hundred times.   There are all kinds of special effects, but nothing works, and nothing happens.  I just hope that this movie lives up to its promise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you enjoy watching films about animals, then you will enjoy this movie. The animals are not cute, the dialog is awful, and the music is so bad that it becomes annoying. If you want to see a good movie about animals you should watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie after seeing it at a film festival, and it was so painful I thought the movie was going to be good. Well, it was. It was awful, the story was weak, and the actors... well, they were all terrible.  It wasn't even bad enough to make me want to rent the whole thing. It just kept repeating itself and I guess you could say that's pretty much all there is to say about this movie.    As a whole, I thought this movie was very disappointing, and after watching it I felt I was actually physically ill.  I wish I could say more. I don't want to spoil anything for you, I just want to tell you how I felt after watching the movie. I guess I could tell you if you want to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with a friend and was completely bored by it. We were looking for a lot but we just didn't find anything good. I don't know, maybe I was just too open-minded to see the whole thing.  The film was really bad but I think I could have done better with my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot worse movies and they don't do anything remotely entertaining. The plot is predictable, the dialogue is horrible and the characters are so boring I'm actually scared to watch them. The only thing that kept me watching was the ending, which was really dumb. The ending is the ONLY good thing I can say about this movie. I'd really like to see it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie with my kids because it's something we can all relate to. It has been years since I've seen it and the last time I saw it it was when I was 20. I'm sure the acting was awful, the direction is bad and the story has nothing new to say. It's like the movie industry has taken the idea of making a movie that is bad, and simply run it over the edge and just hope that people don't notice. I was mad because it was so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the book it is supposedly based on. The characters are just there, as is the plot. The ending is completely anticlimactic, and at one point there is no real story line at all. The only thing that made me laugh was the scene where the old man is saying to the priest "I give you peace, I don't know anything about you". I thought this was just a stupid comment. The movie had so many problems, and I give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. It is badly directed, badly acted and just not funny at all. The funny thing in this movie is that there is no script. There are three actors in the movie. They are all bad actors and this is a really bad movie.  I give this movie a 1 only because I found it a waste and I do not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, but was really let down. The story is very weak, the acting is bad and the direction is bad. The movie is not funny. The characters are not real people. They are caricatures of real people with real problems. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a comedy that was this badly written and executed.  I was really disappointed with the movie. I expected more laughs from this movie and this was no exception.  The acting was so bad I thought that the actors should be banned from writing anything else. The script is so weak and predictable I don't even know how the director achieved this movie.  There were a few good laughs and it was just a few. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a scene where a bunch of students get together and start making fun of a ditzy actress they think is a dork. This is so dumb that I am not able to see the joke due to the terrible script that they have used to make this movie.  The scene I am most annoyed with is where a couple are talking about their lives in the hopes that it will make them laugh. It's not until they start making out that I realize that the movie is about their fantasies, not real life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the Mplex channel and I'm surprised that I spent the time watching it. The film is so bad that I'm shocked it got an R rating of 2-10 from Mplex (why did I watch it?) and that I didn't give a 1 to it. It's just the worst film I've ever seen, the sound is terrible, and the direction is just awful. It just doesn't have the talent of the first 2 movies in the series.  I am shocked that this was the only one movie that I saw in the entire Mplex collection.  The only good thing is that I haven't seen all the M-G-H episodes yet, but I'm sure that after seeing this film I will give up on them all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts out with a very interesting and somewhat believable premise, the story is not bad, the film is not interesting and seems like it is about some sort of weird ancient prophecy. I really hope it is because it doesn't take a lot of thought to get a point of view, but if you're going to try and make something interesting and believable, you have to at least be able to bring some interesting visuals to the film. It's an extremely long film, and it's boring throughout. It feels like the film was trying to be something deep and meaningful, it could have used a lot more visual storytelling and it would have been much more interesting to watch the first twenty minutes of it.  The whole film is just dull and not worth watching again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's wrong with this movie is that it was made in the first place, and the story itself is not interesting at all. So I watched it because I like zombies, but it was so bad I turned it off after 10 minutes.  If you're looking for a scary movie that's good at the beginning, then look no further. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are bad movies out there about every day, but this is the worst movie ever. It's just terrible.  If you like to see a good movie, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the good guys:  I don't see how they could have given this movie an '10' rating of 5-10.  The plot:  There are many flaws with this movie, some of them are:   -The characters are all one-dimensional. There is no real reason for why the movie isn't over-explicit, nor for the way it tries to take place.    The 'plot' of this movie is pretty much all there is.  What a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say that the director didn't really care for the movie he made. The characters are all flat out unsympathetic and are all uninspired. I just saw it because it was on TV. The cinematography was all grainy, and the story was stupid. I can't get over how bad the movie was. The acting was bad. The direction was bad, and there was no convincing action, it's like he didn't bother to learn what he did, and that is all.   The plot was bad and not interesting. It's like someone got their plot together and said "Hey, let's throw it together and make it great." Well, now I'm not going to waste any more words. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't funny, but it isn't bad either.  It's boring and a waste of time.  I have never seen an American comedy that is this terrible.  The jokes are bad and the only good things are the characters.   This is a bad film with bad characters. I mean, come on, it's not that funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many bad films made about the worst movie of all time, but this one takes the cake. The story is an endless succession of stupid moments, and when the film is done, I found myself staring at the screen.  It is not interesting in a good way, and the story is badly written. The characters are so wooden that they are not even funny. The actors do not even act with enough conviction that it is interesting.  I give this a zero for the lack of a good story and a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm really sick of seeing films made by the big Hollywood companies. This film was a waste of my time. The acting is bad, the script is bad. The story is terrible. The direction is bad and the cinematography is just bad.  The best part of the movie was the music. It was so bad I wanted to turn it off and had to turn my volume on full blast. I'll never watch another movie that stupid again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie starts out interesting and the movie goes no where. The acting is so bad, the plot is dumb, and the ending is...unrealistic...I'm not sure what the director was trying to do.  The only good thing about the movie is the music. I'm not a big music fan but this just doesn't work as a movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's not an action movie, its more like a comedy. The story was boring, the jokes were bad, and the plot was horrible.   I was watching this movie when I was in my 4th period, and it was the worst comedy I've seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script of this movie is a parody of the Muppets, with all the fun and silliness of a children's movie. The movie is so bad that I wanted to slap my head, it's awful. The characters are so shallow and so wooden that I really couldn't care less what happened to them. The writing is so poor, that you can't even understand the words they say. The jokes are just so bad, that it's hard to even laugh at them. And what was the message? Well, the Muppet Babies are bad and lazy and I mean, really bad. I mean seriously, the "message" is, "BAD THINGS TO COME!" It's a terrible, disappointing movie.  I actually laughed out loud at a few of them. That's all I can say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was OK. I was able to understand why they didn't make the whole movie into the book. It could be the movie was very short, very intense, and just plain boring, or it was that I got used to the first quarter of the movie and I got bored halfway through. This movie is too long, the story is too thin, and the characters are boring and unbelievable. The movie had a few good points. The most important one was the fact that it was filmed in the desert where it was supposed to be filmed.   The movie was a big disappointment, really. It's sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is horrible. The dialog is stupid. The movie is horrible - it should be shown on TV - in fact - I watched it all -  I am still debating whether I should watch the entire movie and I am just glad that I did not waste money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few words, please. This movie was nothing more than a sad movie.  The actors were awful, I mean, I couldn't believe this was really an adult movie. The plot was not interesting, and the movie seemed like a boring rip-off of a few of the scenes from the other movie I've seen.  This movie should have been cancelled. I mean seriously, it was nothing good at all.  My rating: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the DVD from a used DVD store for $6.50 and thought it was a great deal. But I was mistaken. The DVD came from a friend of mine, and she got me the DVD and she was like "I'll take this one, I need a lot of space." So I popped in the disc and went "This sucks." And boy, it sucked." It was not the worst movie I've ever seen, I mean I have seen a lot worse movies. The funny parts were good, and the rest of it was just plain crappy. I mean this movie was awful, the songs are bad, and some of the stuff was so stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't even a bad film, it's just an awful movie. The characters are so shallow and all the performances are so wooden and hollow that I was actually laughing at the director and his friend. I can't even finish this. The movie is full of clichés and clichés. It's not interesting and the only funny parts are the opening credits and the credits at the beginning of the movie. It is really really sad that the director has to waste his time making this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the Mplex channel. I am a big Mplex fan. It is the worst Mplex movie I have ever seen. I can't even get through the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's bad...  awful.  The whole movie is nothing but crap. The story is poor. The acting is bad, the plot is stupid and just all around bad. I don't understand how this movie got so bad. It must have been a terrible movie. It's bad. The whole director should be burned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the last few years, Hollywood has used up its best stuff to come up with something decent.  But now it has to use up all its braincells to come to terms with the fact that it has no clue how to make movies that actually are good.  The main problem I have with the film is the fact it is badly made and not all that great but the sound is terrible.  There is an amusing scene where a doctor tells a couple of people, in the middle of the film, that the film will make them feel better if they continue watching.   The sound is awful. The script is poor. The acting is poor as well. The director is not funny, nor is the writer, the director, the cinematographer.  A total waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a failure on every level. I can't understand why this movie was ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad. It's not funny. It is not entertaining. It isn't even funny. I can't understand.   The only thing that is good about this movie is that it is bad. The only funny parts are the parts where the other characters are talking. The acting is terrible. The script is terrible and I'm just not that entertained.  The acting really is terrible, the script is bad and the jokes are not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like seeing animals getting hurt by a bad-mighty-man, this is the movie for you.  The script, dialogue, characters, settings, photography and everything else about the movie are all bad. The story is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been over a year now since my last post, and I am starting to watch some of my old films again. It seems to have gotten worse as I have aged. It's a shame because it was such a poor movie, it was just plain horrible.  The film is about a woman (Kerrigan) and her husband (Burman) that meet in a local bar after her husband has a heart attack. A few minutes later the woman starts vomiting and asks the husband to take care of her. She starts getting better and better and requests for a bath, so they go into the bath together. The husband doesn't know what to do, so he puts a hand on his wife's chest and starts to rub her.  Kerrigan then starts to have seizures and falls to the floor and collapses on her bed. She stays put and then collapses onto the bed, and then goes into a coma.  After the couple is in the hospital and in the treatment for Kerrigan, the doctors tell her that it's very likely she will die within the next week.  As it turns out, it's more likely that the husband died of a heart infection.   So the husband takes her home and takes her to a nursing home, and as it turns, he starts to abuse her. After he's arrested, he is tortured and hung.  If you're in the mood for a good film, this is a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has been made about as bad a movie as "Basic Instinct 2" has been. It's the same movie with two different actors, two different story lines, two completely different movies...  The main character is a woman who meets with a sleazy serial killer (Taye) and is raped and killed...  There are lots of bloody scenes and rape with lots of sexual violence and the ending...  This is a horrible movie with no redeeming qualities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure what this movie is. It could be a comedy. It might be an action movie. It is just boring and disappointing. It does not make sense.  It is the worst movie ever made in my life.  I hope the director never gets the greenlight for another movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say this...I've been a fan since I've been back and I found this movie to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. I've seen worse movies and I've never seen anything that was this bad. I am absolutely shocked that I sat through it and didn't burst into a sweat after I've watched it. I mean come on, this is the WORST movie I have ever seen, EVER.  This movie was really bad. The director's attempts at comedy are bad. He's not good at all. The cast of the movie is bad, the direction is bad and the editing is terrible.  I found the movie to have a good message. I was thinking, "Why was this movie made? Who knows. It must have been a good movie. It has great story and could have been great comedy.  The only good thing I can say is if this movie was good it would have made me burst into tears. It wasn't good at any point. The movie is truly awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has one redeeming feature. If you like watching the same old, predictable, plot line over and over again with no development, or development, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A steaming, low budget, B-movie which is not worthy of much thought.  It has the look and feel of a porno film. The acting is terrible and the movie is so badly paced and poorly shot that I am astonished it lasted less than two days.  I had to go to the video store to find out if this was a pornos or not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I would like to add that I don't know why this movie was so boring. It was like watching a movie that just isn't good enough. The acting is terrible, the plot is poor, the camera is poor and the writing is bad. This movie is about a bunch of little kids who are all about the same age, and it's boring and pointless. The only good thing about this movie is the music and the graphics. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing that could have happened, after watching this movie, is if the director had been the one to do a superb job.  The plot is very bad and the acting is bad.   It was the same movie as 'the Sentinel' - a film that had the same plot, which was also very bad, and the same characters.  It's the worst film ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What do I know about the original "Saw"? The original Saw is a bad horror movie that tries to scare the audience with an old Japanese legend about an ancient witch (Witch of the Demon) who comes to the island of Saw and starts to kill the local people. That legend turns into a real big problem when a witch of a modern era (WITCH OF THE DESERT) is killed by a mysterious samurai (Yukio) and then begins killing everyone. That's all I know.  Saw 2: Revenge is probably the worst Saw movie of all time and that's not because of its originality, uniqueness or even good acting.  The movie has all the ingredients for a horrible movie: The sound is bad, the movie is bad and the whole movie is not even scary. It's boring, the story is bad with a bad ending, and everything else is bad. This is why Saw 2 is the worst movie of 2001. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a small way, this is the movie that makes you feel like you're watching a documentary.  It is also the worst movie I have ever seen. It made me want to go numb to every cliche ever invented for a movie, just so I could feel some relief.  I watched this movie and I felt sick to my stomach. It was so awful, the movie was so boring, and it was just plain terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would have given this movie a score of two, I was so bored that I went to the bathroom and started watching it and just after I turned it off, it was still boring. It's bad that the director of Notting Hill and Blow was both in this movie. The only good things I saw in the entire movie were the shower scene and the love scene with the police officer, that was sooo bad that I couldn't even see the characters. The plot was bad and the acting was worse than a bad British soap. I felt like I was watching a documentary on how to get laid and was annoyed by the fact that the film was about the girls and the men who were all very boring and boring and didn't even try to get a good job. I guess if you are looking for a good, sexy lesbian film, you'll find it in the 70's VCD collection. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than a self indulgent piece of cliche film-making. It has not the wit or wit of Shakespeare. The actors do not even come close to equaling the wit of the Bardwork. The direction is amateurish. The editing is bad. The soundtrack is bad, the film is not even watchable. The ending is so poor and pointless that I was actually sick. I am a HUGE B*CH! It was so bad that it made me sick! I wanted to get up and vomit, because the ending was so terrible. The plot is not believable. It was very very disappointing.  I do give credit to the lovely Rita Hayworth for her performance as the love interest. I have not seen her in anything else! She was so irritating and I was unable to understand her at all. The only reason I gave this film a zero is because of Rita Hay in the lead. It is not just a pity that she got to be in this horrible film. I did not even bother to look at the cast list, because I could not find a single person who did not look like a b*tch. I will give this film an F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story goes that of a very average, very happy, overworked mother and son that meet in the hospital and the hospital is the place where the mother dies and the son is put on a life sentence.  This movie is full of cliches and just goes off about the hospital, family and life expectancy and so on.  I think I would be very happy if I could just fast forward through this one. I would watch the ending and I think it would be a bit more like "Life Goes On". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy watching a movie that is supposed to be scary, go ahead.  It was the first film I have seen that was supposed to scare me. The only scary movie I have ever seen is "The Lost Boys" with John Rhys Davies and "Cradle" with Stephen Dorff.  I don't understand how the director of "Climbing Mount Everest" achieved such abysmal low standards.  If this film had been scary, you would have had a lot more fun climbing the mountain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I like the new Star Wars movies, I am quite glad that I do not see as many as I did in The Empire Strikes Back.  For some reason the new ones just seem to be a waste of time, and I do mean a waste. They have the same old old tired jokes.  In my opinion, if I was to watch a new one, it would look like Star Wars: Episode I.  But if you have to take Star Wars seriously, I guess the new one is a waste as well.   If you have a brain cell, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this movie to be really crappy and the story of this movie is completely unbelievable. The whole movie reminds me of a really bad horror movie I watched when I was kid and I was freaked out. I was in a coma for a week and freaked the crap out cause I had nightmares. This movie should not have been made. The acting was bad, the story was bad. I saw it in a drugged out state and freaking out every time I opened my eyes. The movie is really horrible. I really hope the movie dies a very quick death. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really understand how this movie was. The story was boring, the acting was bad, the direction was bad and the acting is terrible. I mean this movie is just awful. The plot is the main problem, it just drags on. The movie was not good at all, there is no real suspense, and the ending is just so predictable.  I give it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made me dislike this film was the way in which it was filmed. The camera-work is poor, the sound is awful and the editing is bad.  The story itself is weak, the ending is silly and the special effects are bad. In conclusion, this film is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is nothing new about this movie and nothing new. The plot is predictable and boring. The acting is poor and the direction is dull. The cinematography is murky and the sound is terrible. I do not know if I have ever seen such a bad script in my life. The movie is an absolute failure.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I couldn't even pay my rent. The acting is bad, the camera is bad... it was so poor that I was shocked I did not see the director's face in the whole movie. The only thing that was good was that the story was so predictable and had no real ending, I would have given this movie a 1 if it was not for the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a big fan of movies and it was a bad flick, so I decided to give this movie a try. So far I can only laugh at it, and at the moment I did. This movie is a complete waste of time. If you are a fan of bad movies like this one don't bother watching it.  If you like to laugh at funny movies don't watch this movie. If your not a fan you'll probably enjoy this movie as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the original "Fiddler on the Roof" at the TIFF festival in November 2005 and I have to say, this one was pretty crappy. It wasn't funny, and the acting was awful. The only good part of the movie is the opening scenes with the old folks singing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I read an review on this movie from the other user that said it was bad movie. Well, I didn't even watch it. I just saw that person's comment and decided to watch it again.  What a waste of film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A little over a year ago I stumbled upon a movie called 'Godsend' which was being made in Romania.  I couldn't understand the whole plot, the acting, the storyline and the way it was filmed. I couldn´t even recognize the names of the actors in the movie, or the names and costumes. It was a really bad movie and I would recommend to anyone interested in the Romania´s movie industry to avoid this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title is a bit misleading but that's just my opinion.  I can't believe it has been so long since I've seen this movie and I am amazed that it has got to this point where it was actually worth watching.  The movie is badly directed and has very little plot.  My advice from the bottom of my heart is to avoid this one at all costs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a typical "B" movie. In the last few years we have seen a good few B-movie movies with great special effects and "creative" themes (for example: "The Big Chill", "The Hills Have Eyes" and "The Dead Zone"). This one is just a typical B-Movie movie with nothing creative at all.   The only good thing about this movie is that it seems to be an extremely poor movie.  If you like B-movies with good special effects, you will probably enjoy this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad. It was bad, horrible, and boring. It's no good at all.  I think I'd like to see something new. I'll watch some great porno... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm going to try to make this movie as good as I can and then I'll give my summary.   The story was bad. It started out well, and after watching it, I don't know what happened. I'm glad to have seen a good movie.  It's not really about the story, it's about the acting.  I liked the idea of a rich woman with a daughter who marries a rich man, and then has to put up with the problems that come from having such a rich spouse, and I didn't really like the idea that a rich person could make a poor woman put up for someone else, so much so that she ends up getting cheated and left.  In the end, the rich woman ends up in a lot of pain because she was in love with the rich man. I guess if you want to get a good story, watch TV-Shop for 10 years! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad film and was not even interesting enough for me to care. So I saw it only for the 10 minutes I was bored enough to go to the bathroom and watch my cat eat a banana. I can only recommend this movie for those that want to waste time watching stupid movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has a really bad story, with bad acting and really bad special effects. The special effects in the movie are laughable, but the movie just isn't funny. The movie is boring, it has bad jokes and it has a stupid script. The story is boring and not funny at all. The acting is terrible.  The special effect effects in this movie are pretty bad, and they aren't entertaining at all, and the script is terrible... I'm not sure why this movie was so popular. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste. The acting is terrible. The plot is terrible-to-mediocre, the dialog is choppy and clichéd, the cinematography is amateurish. The sound effects are amateurish and the music is amateur, if not for the lyrics. I think this movie was made for a few bucks and could have been saved with a few extra bucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an older man, it pains me to see a film about people who are as bad as we are.  I just finished watching this film and I have to say I really cannot understand how I could be entertained with such terrible acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. The only reason I rated this movie so low is that I did not think to rate it so low would have been appropriate.   I watched this movie in the cinema and after 40 minutes I just wanted it to get a bit better.  The plot is bad, the characters are stupid, the direction is terrible, the sound is horrible, and the cinematography is awful.  There are some funny scenes. The acting is bad and the script is horrible.  I was wondering if I had to rush out and get the DVD to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very ordinary movie. There is little suspense, and nothing special happens. There are very few laughs, and there are not enough of them to make me laugh.   This movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film was pretty interesting. It is like a bad remake of the old Universal Soldier series. The original Universal Soldier was very good and very cheesy. The new Universal Soldier is even worse than the old.  The story is so thin and it doesn't make sense. This is like when the original film was bad, I wanted to see a lot more.  I don't know how good this movie is. It reminds me alot of the Universal Soldier.  All in all, this movie doesn't really fit in the Universal soldier category, I recommend people to stay at home and watch the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at a friend's place and I just couldn't get enough of it.  I mean the acting was awful.  The script was horrible. The writing was bad. The direction was poor. The script wasn't original.  It was like an hour and a half of my life I wasted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember when I was a kid watching this thing called "Citizen Kane" and thinking it was great. It wasn't. I remember seeing this film at a movie theater with my dad and it was just terrible. My mom was aghast to watch this movie and she told my dad it was so awful.  The plot is silly, it's predictable, and the ending... well, just leave me dumb. The only thing I liked about it was the way the plot was set up. The whole movie just ended up being a big lie. I didn't laugh once. The entire movie is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie last night on the Mplex channel and I found myself sitting in a darkened room staring at the screen. I had heard of it before, and after seeing it again this morning on the TBS, I decided to take a look. I couldn't stop laughing after that, and I think I may have lost count. I just wish it had ended when it started, because I am sure that there are a lot of viewers out there who were looking for something to watch.  The movie is not interesting at all, and the characters are not drawn in a very interesting manner. The movie contains one brief scene (a few minutes in) where a group of people are talking about the various "memories" that the "vigilante" in the shape of a star and a ballad of an elderly man singing a song about the star is supposedly "haunting" their dreams. This is done to provide a great ending for the movie, and it does not add anything new to the story.  I really do not think that this movie is very good at all. If you want to watch a good movie, I would suggest watching the movie "The Ghost Story", which is a pretty decent horror movie that is a lot better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A group of 4 guys who don't know anything about computers, who don´t know anything, and who think of themselves as computer genius. The director should not have been allowed to make this movie. He didn´t have a good idea for this movie and he should not be allowed to have made a movie of this kind. The plot is very bad, the dialog is not clever and the direction is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a couple of friends who find their way into the home of a family who has recently lost their home to the construction of a high-zoned housing development in the middle of the desert.  They arrive at the house and find it completely devoid of any sort of life. It's not even the home they found in their old neighborhood.  What do they see? A giant bug. A giant insect. A gigantic caterpillar. And what do they do? They run away from the giant bug and find a place to hide, and then, after some sort of bizarre accident, they emerge from the ground and go back into the house. They don't know where they are.  When a couple leaves the house, the giant insect, which looks like a giant caterpillar, comes out and starts attacking them.   Then, the movie goes no where. And the story is...  The first 5 minutes or so of the movie is... just horrible. And then... there are really some weird scenes and things, so bad that they are good.  And it's a real disappointment, as the movie really isn't anything special. I can't understand how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget. I thought the movie was going to be good, but I guess they had a good idea and just went for it.  I really do give the movie a 2/10, because of the weirdness of the characters. And they are in a desert, so that's why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the film, a bunch of hick-hop hick college students decide to get together for an impromptu music show and their roommate is there to pick them up. The lead singer is so angry that he decides to start a whispering campaign of sorts, but everyone in the audience seems to have a mental age of 13 or 14, and he has to beg the other guys to stay quiet so that he can focus on singing. The rest of the band just keep talking and complaining, and when the show is over, you know, everyone will either start crying or yelling or something, but this movie is too bad it will make you sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time, and I must say that the last time I watched it was the second hour.  The acting is terrible, the plot is lame, and the cinematography is awful.  I had to leave the movie because of the music.  If you want to watch a good movie, you should watch "Moonwalker" (another movie starring Ewan McGregor). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a collection of extremely poorly thought out plots, one-dimensional characters, and bad directing. If you are going to be that person who thinks that every movie he makes should be based on actual facts, this movie is for you.   There are other movies that are based on the same premise, and this is where it falls flat.  The movie is about a detective (Simon) and his relationship with his girlfriend (Mancuso). They are trying to figure out why she is so obsessed with Mancusoa, and how he got to know her so well, but it turns out that he was just there with his eyes closed.  This is one of those movies where everything turns out to be so much a farce.  I think it was just the bad directing that made this a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very much at all knowledgeable of this genre. I just saw this movie for the second time and I can't even find it in my book, the same as I can find most people's IMDb profile.  This movie should be removed from any public memory, and should never be shown to anyone, as it is so extremely bad it should be locked away in a vault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that people will always be happy, regardless of how bad things get, is ludicrous and should never be taken seriously. The only time that has occurred in the past decade that I know of that has not been because of the quality of the film but because of how many people had heard about the film beforehand.  It was made for a couple of reasons.  1) it had an interesting plot, but because the director/writer thought it was too heavy, he had to cut it down.  2) because the characters weren't realistic enough, the acting was bad.  3) because there were too many plot holes, so there wasn't anything new to spice up the movie.  4) because it wasn't edited properly, there were a lot of confusing moments, the movie was bad, and it wasn'nt that funny, just terrible.   5) the story wasn't that interesting, I would give it an extra star for the director.  8) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were ever a big fan of the original Ghostbusters, or even a good movie, you will hate this movie. It is just not that funny. It has a plot that is weak and unoriginal, and a cast of very strange characters that is so un-funny and the plot is not funny. The only funny parts of this movie is the music, and there is really nothing special.  The only thing that is not the original is the ending. It's just not. It doesn't make up for what they did in the beginning.   The ending could have been so much better, but the rest of the movie is just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very excited to watch this movie... it was so bad... I felt like I was at a bad high school play recital...  It is really really just so bad that I wanted to throw up after the first 15 minutes of the movie... The acting was bad... the acting was really bad... and the ending was... really... stupid... really stupid... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm really surprised that people actually LIKE movies, and actually LIKE being spoon-fed to the bad guy in charge.  It was really, really crappy. And I know I was wrong, because my friend's dad actually sat down with his back to me and said, "How can I like this? I hate watching films with bad special effects and CGI and this is the worst film ever made." And he was right.  My friend and I sat down to watch it because we're both HUGE movie fans. I think this is one of the most boring films I have ever seen. It's very, very dull and is VERY disappointing. I don't think I've ever sat down and watched a film so boring. It has no real plot. I mean the thing that really irked me was when the two main characters were talking to each other while the film was going on. The guy talking to the chick was so wooden and the girl was so annoying and had no real personality.  The film is so incredibly boring, and it is SO poorly directed that it is painful to watch. There are many weird characters in this movie that are completely random and don't even act that well.  I have no idea what the director was thinking when he made this film. It is not funny, it is not interesting, and I think the script was terrible. It makes the entire film seem like a movie that was made to promote an idea. It isn't even that interesting to anyone.   I give this movie a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is an interesting one. The main character is an annoying guy who can't stand the thought of being on the run. He has a family with an annoying cat. His parents have two cats, and two cats. They have a litter of kittens, but no litter. The kittens seem to be having a litter with the other cats.  There's not much more to say, as the movie doesn't have any redeeming features, and as I have said, it has very few flaws. The only real problem is the soundtrack. It's very loud. I can't even understand how loud the soundtrack is.  As for the rest of the movie, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, as there's not really much of anything in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts in a hospital, with a doctor and his assistant discussing how best to treat a young woman who has fallen down the stairs and needs to be put down. He asks the assistant how long he's been on the job, and she says, "Not more than a year and a half," so he orders his assistant to get a case of penicillin.  The doctor looks into the patient's chart and finds she has a high metabolism, so he immediately orders his lab assistant to start feeding her a steady diet of lab mice.  After the patient is placed on a feeding schedule, she starts to lose weight and as she continues to lose it, her condition worsens and she dies.  When the case is closed, the doctor and the assistant are shown to be the heroes. The doctor blames the death on the patient, who apparently never took any medication or had any close relationship with her mother, and blames it on a lack of medication. The assistant blames it, too, because the patient had a history of heart attacks and a history where she had died from the medication.  This movie really was an incredibly terrible mistake, and could've been avoided altogether. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you have already guessed, I have no idea why you have never seen this movie. Maybe you haven't seen this, or you're just too busy. I'd like to know, as this movie is so ridiculously. I think this movie should have a couple of really good laughs, and even a couple that were truly funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is so badly constructed, it's like someone who doesn't know the first thing about the film before watching it. The acting is horrible. The plot itself is so muddled, illogical and not in a good way it doesn't even deserve a comment. The movie is so bad, it was like it had no real message and was just an insult to the audience. I'd recommend avoiding this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I was enjoying the first movie, I was completely disgusted by the second. The first movie wasn't good at all, the second was terrible. It wasn't even good that I sat through the whole thing.  The film itself was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen a lot of bad movies, and have always found that they don't fall into the category of "so bad it's good", and "good" for me, that's not the kind of thing that IMDb allows.  I saw this movie on a recent film festival and was kind of shocked by how bad it was, and I couldn't really even feel how bad I was watching it at the time.  But I guess I shouldn't really expect much from a film that is this bad, this dumb, and this boring, but it didn't have much entertainment value anyway, but instead left me wondering why was it so boring and uninteresting?  The only redeeming thing about this movie was that it left me with the impression that it was an independent film from Sweden. I guess that's a good thing.  It's not a movie, but a movie that should have had the warning label of "SPOILER" because of the very real possibility that the movie is not going to make much sense at all.  The story is not interesting at all, and the main characters in it are so unsympathetic and so un-sympathetically horrible that I felt like they were really having fun, I mean it's so bad, you have to wonder if the director tried to make the movie to be a masterpiece of art.  And that's why I'm giving this movie such a low rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very bad. It isn't funny, it isn't interesting and it isn`t interesting. It doesn`t have the wit or intelligence to be interesting.  The main thing that annoys me is the fact that there is no nudity.  This is very dull and very low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the audience gets excited by the prospect of a sequel to the hugely popular movie "Boogie Nights".  The story is boring and the story is nothing more than a collection of cliches that has been done for years.  The soundtrack is not memorable and, in fact, it is quite reminiscent of an old porno flick.  And then we get our "action" scenes...  The movie is, indeed, boring and lacks a good action scene.  Finally, the "romantic" characters are not convincing and are nothing more that irritating.  This is a truly bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie a rating is because it is so awful. The whole movie is full of plot, it is filled with random scenes, acting is so bad I could have written a screenplay for it. I really cannot understand why this movie is so popular. It is probably because people don't like the movie because they expect a great movie and they think it is "soo-soo", so to speak. The only way I can see how this movie became so popular is because the movie is really bad.  My advice: Don't waste your time on this movie, even if you like watching the worst movies, just don't waste it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not only the acting that was bad, bad and amateur at the time. The story is poor and the cast is bad. The sound is amateur at best. The film is amateur. The director is also bad.   Please, do not waste your time on this amateur, amateur trash, this is not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main plot of the movie is about a mother of a young boy with a severe case of cerebral palsey. The movie is all about the mother, and is so boring that you almost want to take the DVD to the end and be done with it.  The movie just goes on and on, and the mother is shown to be in a vegetative state. The plot of this movie is a waste of time.   The actors are bad, the script is horrible, and you just want to laugh at how lame this movie was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big waste of time and there are some scenes that are funny. I saw this movie with a friend who loves to watch a movie that isn't supposed to be very funny. We had a good time laughing at some of the jokes in the movie.  This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The only funny parts are the ones that are supposed to make you laugh, and the movie is not funny.   I'm not sure why I watch this movie. There are some moments that are pretty funny and it gets boring. I have to admit that I have laughed at a lot of the movie scenes in this movie, but I try to watch them anyway, because I like a lot about them, but this movie is terrible.  The only thing that makes me laugh is the soundtrack. I guess I was expecting too much ambient music for a movie about the British countryside.  If you like animals, then you will not like this movie very much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is based on a real event and should be treated as such. I have no idea how this movie could have happened as I have read in other reviews, the "movie" was made to look like a movie made for TV, but it looks more like a propaganda movie.  If I had to compare this movie to other "politically correct" movies I would say that it was more like "Patton" or "Papillon" or other "good" films.  I would also like to know what the movie is about, because this is not a documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If this movie has one redeeming quality, it is the sheer horrible script. I understand that this was done as a pilot, but that is no excuse.  It is a pity to see such talented actors as Robert Downey Jr, Michael Caine, Steve McQueen, and David Webb Peoples in the same movie.  The plot of this movie is a joke, and as a joke it is really awful.    The ending is really lame and badly acted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that made me dislike the film is the way it is edited and edited, the editing, and then there is the fact that it seems to be made up entirely of quotes from other authors who don't even know how to edit a novel. The editing and the use of quotes seems to have been done on purpose to show quotes from the book. The use of cut and pasted quotes just seem to have gotten mired in an editor's chair and the result is what we end up with.  The acting was very poor, especially in the beginning.   The story is an old one. The ending is very weak.  I will say that I liked the ending in this film and was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a joke. The only thing that makes it good is if the audience doesn't laugh so hard it'll die of exhaustion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that makes this movie an enjoyable watch is because it is made by a very small team of people.  The whole movie is boring and uninteresting and in no way interesting.  It has a script that is completely unbelievable and the director is simply trying to make a movie that he could use as a learning experience.  What really happened during this film is that I completely lost interest in it.  I gave it a three because of the great acting, and I was right.  This is the movie that people will waste time on, because if you waste one hour watching this film, you will probably leave after just five minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The main problem with this movie is that it was directed by someone with no other movie experience and has a script that was so awful. I know the director is from Scotland, I know his name is Ewan McGregor and I know he is an author, I think he has an interesting life... but it is just so much crap that I could not take my eyes away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that made me hate this film was the cast. I thought the first two-thirds of the film was okay, but then the movie got boring and had no real story and the ending was the worst I have ever seen. The only nice part was the good performances by the actors.   I think that this is an okay movie that is made for the hell of it, but I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been watching the film for about 20 years, and every time i watch it I start screaming and getting more and more upset. I guess i just need to see it for myself to appreciate the bad acting and the horrible script. If you enjoy the bad movies, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I saw this movie was to see the acting. It wasn't funny, but it was just dull.  There are no redeeming features, and the only highlight of this movie is the fact that it stars the very popular "A.C.O." singer/actress K. Flocker. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was just a pathetic movie. No story, very boring and bad acting, very bad special effects and very bad direction. The only thing that kept me from watching it was the music and the sound effects. The music was bad and was annoying. The sound effects were annoying. I'm sure you could tell that they used some good effects. And the plot was not that interesting. The acting was horrible.  I've seen worse movies in my time, and this was not one of them.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this film with high expectations, not knowing that it was made in the first place, nor what it was supposed to be.  In the first 20 minutes, you know it is going to be bad, and the only reason for that is the director, who is, by his own admission, a "nazi".  I am glad I did not watch this film in the right frame of mind.  It's a terrible movie that really, really, does not add anything to the genre, and does not make any attempt to be a real movie, or even a comedy.  I do wish that the original ending had been changed to something a bit more "realistic", and more like it, but that was too much to ask for, especially since the film had an ending that was really lame, and it did not make much sense at all.  The story is really stupid. The "bad" characters are not well developed, but the movie has absolutely nothing to do with reality. The whole thing was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a huge movie fanatic, and have been since watching a few of the newer "Attack" movies. I was very excited when watching this movie, and I had a bad case of the nerves. It wasn't the typical B movie, with bad acting and horrible dubbing, it was so bad it was good. The acting was horrible, and so was the dubbing. The only positive thing about this movie was, the music. The music was too distracting, and the dubing was poor.   The ending is a pathetic, cheesy mess.  If you want a good laugh, and don't have a heart, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a big Ramones fan and had to see this movie because it was so incredibly awful, and so I had to watch it. It was so bad I could even see the acting in the movie. The plot was weak.   The best part was the music - the soundtracks were bad and the songs were terrible.  Ramones was in good form in this movie. He tried to be good and was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were expecting a comedy with a plot and you were looking for something that would be a great movie... you got exactly what you expected.   The plot was...boring. The acting was terrible. The plot could have been great, but the actual comedy was bad.  There was no comedy in the movie, and I mean no. I laughed out loud at the stupid jokes.  What was even more depressing was the way the movie was filmed...   I gave this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a great plot, you are going to be disappointed in this movie. The plot is predictable, the acting is poor, and the direction is a let down.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story was, in a word, stupid. I think that the only thing that made it good was the fact that the film was shot in a very artificial light. The camera was too close, but not too far. The sound was bad, and the sound effects were bad. The script was weak. The story didn't develop. The cinematography was flat and dull. I would have expected something more special if it wasn't for the music.  I also felt like the story didn"t have a beginning or end, but an opening. It just went off without much story, and when it came time to shoot it seemed to drag on for no particular reason. It could have been the lighting, the cinematography, the sound, or the script. It all just seemed to happen at random. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is possibly the worst film I have seen in the last few months, since a few days ago I saw it on cable and was surprised it was so bad. I was very excited to see it because it is really, really bad. It's not bad in the usual sense, and I am really shocked that a film this bad could be made. I have never seen a film that bad in my life, and this is the film I did. I can't imagine how the director was able to make this horrible film, and then wonder why he made another one of it.  It's just a bad film. It isn't funny, it isn't interesting and is, worst of all, boring. It should have been released as a short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of British humor, you will love this film. I was a big fan of the original film, so the plot of the film seemed to be stretched. The cast seemed to have nothing to work with. They are all so annoying and not funny! And they should be ashamed of themselves. It is an embarrassing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is horrible. I really don't care if you like it or not. I am going to write a positive review for those people who think this movie was just made to promote a gay movie. I disagree. This movie isn't promoting anything gay. It isn't about the gay or straight lifestyle at all. It is about a sick and twisted sick person (Dillon) who has a fascination with a certain type of movies.  The movie is not just about gays. It has an agenda that is anti-Christianity and anti-Americanism. The people who make this movie must have a very hard time understanding that there are many people who are just as sick and sick as they are. The film has an extremely weak story and could probably have been better if the director had actually been interested in the movie's theme. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie over a hundred times. It's nothing compared to The General. The General is far worse.  The movie is so bad that you wonder why I'm wasting my time with this crap.  My advice from the bottom of my heart - don't waste your time watching this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A young and naive cop (Michael Corleone) comes across a mysterious letter from a friend and tries to decipher it. He soon learns that the mysterious letter is in fact the work of a very evil and very sad doctor (Jon Bon Jovi) who is willing to use a strange formula in order to make his victims disappear.  The formula is simple: take the victim of a recent murder (a little girl found murdered in her bed) and send her to the hospital. The nurse gives the victim medication (prescribed in the hospital) that she should take. She doesn't take it. Instead she is sent to a strange and evil place and there the nurse encourages the girl to take her place.  She gets sent to the place...  The nurse has sent her to meet with a strange killer (Jon) who has taken the girl out of her bed and murdered her (the nurse's assistant has done that and now Jon is out for revenge).  The killer wants revenge...  Well...I'll give you the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that really sucks. I saw this movie in the first ten minutes and I thought that I was going to be blown away. It starts off with a bang, a bang bang bang, bang. And that's it. I was wrong. I got up and went to the bathroom and I had to rush back to the movie because I was screaming at my TV. It's just really not that bad. It doesn't make much sense, and there are no action shots. So, I really can't understand how bad this movie is. The movie really sucks big time. The plot is all, I don't know what. The acting is terrible.  The plot was not good. I mean, this movie could be great, but I mean it was bad.   The story has been made worse by the fact that I can't even watch it because it's so bad, and I don;t think there's a movie in Hollywood that makes me cry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea behind this movie was genius. The premise is stupid. The movie is just so much horrible. The acting is not funny. The story is not interesting and it just goes to show that people are too smart to be entertained by it.  I really can't see how anyone could come up with a better movie to waste than this movie. It just shows how low quality this movie is. The plot is ridiculous and the characters are completely one-dimensional. The only funny thing I found funny was when they were in the middle of the movie talking about the'soul' of the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say, I am a fan of the movie. I really am. But i think the movie was just bad. I mean, how bad can the movie get? It's really bad. The plot was bad, the acting was bad and the movie is just plain awful. Don't waste your time watching this movie, you will just bore yourself dry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise sounds good, but it was way too over-the-top for me.  It's not funny at all, and it's not really scary. The characters were not likable, and in the end it came down to one character (the kid) and his life and struggles.  In comparison, it's like an extremely bad TV show.  My rating: 0/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, this was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It was very boring, very dull, and very poorly done.   I guess I expected a lot from this movie, and I was right. The movie was full of the typical horror movie plot elements, and at the end, when the credits were up, it was still just me, and some random chick that watched this movie.  There were so many mistakes in this movie that I didn't even laugh once. I laughed the entire movie, it didn't have any suspense, and the ending was the stupidest. The only thing that kept me from giving this movie a 1 was the girl's voice. It had that high-pitched, feminine voice that makes you want to grab your sides and turn your head away.  If you like a good horror movie, watch this movie...you'll enjoy it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is the worst thing about this movie. The only reason I give this movie an rating is because the actors have not even had some good lines and there's nothing to laugh about. The entire movie is one big joke after another and this is possibly the most worthless comedy ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that this film was made was due to the cast of Robert Downey Jr., who is listed in the credits as the producer/director.  The plot is so unbelievable that I cannot even write a comment on this movie. If you want to see a good film, I'd recommend watching "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of Stephen King and this movie made me a little upset. It has to be the worst film of all time, I mean, a kid could have come up with better acting. It is so bad that it is really hard to even comment on it in words. The acting is bad, the writing is bad and the directing is awful.    It is the kind of film that I could make and not be happy.  It's really not worth watching, but if you're hoping for a great movie, I would say watch "The Thing In The Night". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a really weak one. The main character, Sebastian, is a guy who gets caught up in a fight and is forced to kill the bad guy who just saved his life. The ending really is poor and unnecessary.   I gave this movie a 1 because it was really, really bad. I guess it's the sort of movie that people watch when they are bored or when their friends are watching it.  I have seen the other half of this movie and I must say that I don't really know why. It is a bad film with the worst acting I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie was horrible. It was bad, the acting was bad. The plot was very weak.  The only thing that made me like it was that they ended it with this terrible, disappointing ending. The movie is a joke, a waste of time, and a waste to be frank.  I would give this movie a 2 out of 10, if you are a 14 year old kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't really know how much I can say.  This movie is, quite simply, bad. The acting is horrible.  The plot is, at times, the entire movie is so muddled I wouldn't even bother watching it.  I am really surprised at how much time I've been spending my time looking at my watch after seeing this movie.  If this movie had been a short, I would have left it in the toilet, as was the case with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is not only bad, boring and boring. It's just a terrible movie.  The story is completely one dimensional and boring and it does not even take place in the real world. The movie has no plot, no development, no real characters, and no real life at all.  This movie is just plain bad and badly made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not sure how I feel about the movie. It has to be one of those movies with the plot and characters being so predictable. I just think it was a bad film to make a buck with. The whole movie is soooo predictable, the dialog is horrible and it is very, very painful to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the film is a little slow. But then, as soon as the plot of the movie begins, I felt it was completely unbelievable. The story is very stupid and the acting is really bad. The only good thing about the movie is the ending, which was completely un-entertaining.  My advice to any potential viewer is avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say I have to say, if you want to know a good story, and a good script, this is it. It has very little character development and a great plot.  This movie was very funny, I guess, but the acting was great. It had a very poor feel to it and the lines were very funny.  I laughed out loud at this movie, but to be honest, I was so bored by the whole movie that I wanted to throw up. I couldn't even finish the last 5 minutes of it, but that's all that I can say about this movie.  The ending is kind of cheesy and not a very good one. It kind of reminds me of The Godfather in real life.  Overall, I don't think this movie is very good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very weak, but there are some funny moments, mainly in the beginning, and the movie gets much much worse. The only thing I liked about the movie is the ending, because it is very predictable. I did not laugh once at the very beginning.  If you like bad movies, or even watch the end of the movie, this is not one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I saw in "Citizen Kane" is a movie about a reporter interviewing a female reporter on a story. It's a bad idea, but a bad story. A story about the pursuit by the Japanese army to capture this reporter's family and home is made even worse by the fact that the army has a helicopter.  This is not "Cannonball", this is "Cadet Kelly". This is "Witchcraft". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen a lot of bad movies and this movie takes the cake. It is really, really bad. I saw it on the Sci-Fi channel (UK) and I must admit that I got bored very quickly and I was just waiting for the movie to end.  The acting is terrible, the cinematography is really poor, the story is boring and has been badly written by the director. It does not make any sense at all.  I would like to like to see a better film, but unfortunately I cannot recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read some pretty bad reviews on IMDb but I was so bored watching this movie that I had to shut it off for a few minutes and just give up.  I did manage to watch the first half of it. It was interesting.  The characters were so fake and the story was...bad...so fake, that I wanted to shut off the movie...I'm sorry.  Oh, I didn't enjoy the movie, I just hated it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to watch a movie with your friends and are hoping that they won't laugh at you, you're in for a disappointment.  The movie is full of clichés, the jokes are corny, and the jokes aren't funny. The only funny parts are the "babe in a bikini" jokes.  And the movie is even worse than "The Naked Gun" (the movie with Christopher Reeve and Christopher Plummer) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is terrible.  The acting is bad, the story is weak, the pacing is poor, and it looks like the director wants us to laugh hysterically. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a person who reads comments, I do not even know where this movie was filmed. I am just a person trying to figure it out. The story is weak, the acting is terrible, and I was hoping for something good.  I think I would like to know how this movie came to be so bad, but I do like the cast. I was disappointed with how much I expected from the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is a big fat movie. I think. It is horrible. I can't even see the script. I have seen bad movies. This one is bad.  This is bad acting. Bad acting, bad plot, bad camera work, bad sound.  I mean come on.  If I have ever seen a movie that bad it was that movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was this? The only reason I can think of that this was a good movie, is because it was made in the early '90s when there was very little film. And that's what makes me think. A movie made in such a way that it was good. The characters were boring, and the story was too silly and predictable to be good. I guess I'll just chalk it up to nostalgia, but I'm just glad it came back.  I watched this film when I was in my first semester of film studies. It was an incredibly painful experience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had one redeeming quality--the acting. I did not see any character in this movie who made me laugh or felt anything. It was all so much artificial and forced. It could have been funny if the writer had come to his senses and realized that the film was actually supposed to be funny.  The movie is a waste of time--time I would have used to rent a video or TV show. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think that this is one of the worst films ever made. I can't even believe that I wasted my time to watch this film... I mean... I don't think I've ever seen a movie that bad... I've seen some really bad movies, and this was really awful.  I can see why people are mad about this film, it's because people are so dumb. If you actually read the comments on this movie, it would be like watching a train wreck... You can't take it seriously because the main character is a robot and the main plot is so bad... It was really a sad movie and I don;t recommend you to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the only character I cared about was the guy playing the dad. The dad, on the other hand, is a total wacko who never gets old, who never stops changing the channel to whatever the hell he wants, and who always shows up with his guitar strapped to his back and his wife crying because he can't play anymore.  The movie also seems to have been shot in the dark and the camera footage is all over the place. I mean, really, what are you supposed to do, sit back with a dumb smile and enjoy this?  In conclusion: This movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of this movie was quite entertaining and the other half was quite boring. I like the movie when it's over.  This movie is really really just a poorly written movie. The story is not interesting, the acting is not good, and the script is not very interesting.  The story focuses on two men and their attempts to find the meaning of life.  It's very disappointing to see the same guy who played in "Rain Man" as the main character in this movie.    I mean the story is boring and the movie is just plain stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak and seems to have a lot of potential. There are lots of holes in this movie, and that's why it doesn't really matter. It's not like there isn't any action or any story to tell. The movie is nothing more than a tarted up rip-off of the first one.  There are a few good points, but I wouldn't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's an obvious rip-off of "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", a movie that's supposed to be entertaining, and that's exactly what the movie does.  "The Cabinets" is about a female botanist (Carmilla) and her husband (Vlad) who are getting old and having trouble sleeping. When Carmilla asks her husband to get some help for her insomnia, he agrees, and they drive to the remote village where the woman and her sister (Lila) reside.  Soon, the husband is dead. Lila and Carm have become obsessed with a mysterious plant, and are planning on using its unusual scent to ward off any evil plant-eater. Soon, their plot fails because the villagers of the village keep a vigil and a lookout.  Carmelia is about to lose her temper and is about ready to be eaten alive. After she throws her husband down the stairs and the villagers have her stomach acid-fluxed, the villagers start to become sick.  The movie is really not very good, because the only good parts are the very end and the end credits. The rest of the movie is pretty much just a rip- off of "Carmillas" (which I guess it was supposed to).  If you're planning on sleeping, don't watch this movie, you will probably be very tired and confused. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A movie that was made for a couple of bucks and the cast and crew got paid $220,000 to make it. The cast should have been paid at least $220 for the effort and effort they put into making the movie. The only highlight is the cast for their performance in the movie and that of course was for the movie which is really sad. The movie should be withdrawn from every memory of the past 25 years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was bad. I mean bad. The acting was bad, the writing was terrible, the camera work was terrible. The plot was terrible and didn't come together well at all. I guess the best part was the script, which wasn't the original story.   If I were a director I would have had to watch this film over and over again, just because the other parts don't add up to the original storyline. I can't see how the other people enjoyed it, it was bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was so bad i thought i would like to see the movie again. I have seen it 5 times and it was really not that bad. The story is so predictable and the ending was the only thing that was not bad.  My biggest complaint about this movie was the ending. The ending was so terrible. It had all the emotions and plot lines that i could of written with one hand. This movie is very poor and could of of be better if the ending were a little more believable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was at a screening of this movie and it was awful. The plot was so bad it was comical, it wasn't even amusing, I mean COME ON! The acting was awful, the story was terrible. The jokes were so lame, and I mean lame, I just sat there stunned and didn't laugh.  The only reason I gave this movie a rating was because I am a huge B5 fan, and this movie is a B5/10. I'm not even gonna comment on the movie for plot, I will say I was bored throughout the movie.  I do wish there was some good, original jokes, and if there wasn't, it would have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first 15 minutes of the movie were okay, so I went to the bathroom to get some water.  It wasn't too bad, so my mom went into the living room and took some pictures. But as soon as she was in the living area, the movie became bad. It wasn;t funny and was boring.   There were a lot of plot holes in the movie.  I don't recommend this movie to anybody, even if you like animals. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know how they can give a rating of this movie. It is a disgusting and extremely painful movie, and I have yet to watch it. The plot is so poor, and so uninspired, I feel the movie would be better as a straight movie.  This movie is not even watchable, as there is nothing interesting or entertaining. It would be a better movie if the director spent more time on character development, but instead he is just giving the movie a low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's something about every movie I watch, whether they be horror, suspense, romance or a mix of them. The movie becomes a bit longer, but it still is nothing compared to the 80's, and there's some really creepy looking scenes. The soundtrack is horrible and is the only thing that made me feel better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say about this movie, other than it should be wiped off the face of the planet.   I'll tell you what, I just had to see it.  First of all, the acting was terrible. The characters were stupid and un-sympathetic, and the movie was full of cliches and cheap shocks, and I mean cheap shocks.  In addition, the ending was just terrible.  It was so bad I gave it a 2 instead of the 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that really makes the big bucks in the bad movie industry. It's boring and a lot of the acting is very flat and not very exciting. It really is very bad.  I think it's better than the first one.  This movie is really bad. It has no real plot, is not funny, and no real scary. It makes no sense, it makes no real sense. It is so bad that you will laugh at the same jokes at the beginning and the end of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was bad enough. I just found the first half of it to be pretty good, but the rest of it was pretty bad.  I really think it was a little rushed. They didn't build the whole film in one day, but that's pretty much all that happened in this film.  So the only real surprise was the ending. It was a total mess and I mean total mess. The ending is the only really shocking thing. The rest of the film was nothing more than a big pile of bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really cannot believe how bad this film is. The acting is horrible. The script is terrible. The direction is awful. The sound is horrible bad. The whole film is just awful. It just looks like a waste of time. The movie is really boring, the characters are boring, and the sound is just bad. I was really surprised when I watched this film. I'm glad I stayed. I think it was worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you can see, the title "The Devil Dog" is not the Devil Dog movie. The title should be "The Dog That Wrote" instead. This movie has a plot that's bad, the direction is terrible and the acting is bad. I watched this movie with my girlfriend and she couldn't believe that this was such a big deal. They actually said "the dog" is good, I'm surprised."   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie was that it was way too predictable. The acting was bad, the plot was bad. The direction was horrible. The movie was just not funny.  The special effects were so fake, I didn't even laugh. The sound was awful. The music was horrible, the sound effects were bad, I would suggest investing a new movie.  I think the movie would have been better if they just added some actual humor and originality to the movie. The best thing I can say about this movie is that it wasn't funny. The whole thing is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the first of many that tries to be a masterpiece of art. I found the first 10 minutes to be slow but after that I thought I had never seen such a terrible movie.  This film is not even a masterpiece. The acting is poor, the direction is poor and there are too many plot changes.  The first ten minutes of this movie were okay, but after the credits roll I saw the movie to be an extremely amateur effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a funny film, see this movie.  The film is a joke.  There are some funny jokes in it, but they are so cheesy that they don't even make up for the bad acting.  This movie was made because it was a movie. This movie should have been a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out well. The first 30 minutes is good. The story is interesting, but it gets boring as soon as the characters get together and the story gets boring. Then we have this movie where every scene is a repeat of the last 25 minutes of the first movie. It is OK if you like watching movies with bad acting and story. I suggest you try to enjoy the first 30-40 minutes of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, by all appearances, an action/adventure movie, but it's really just an incredibly stupid movie. The characters are extremely unsympathetic and have a habit of running in and out of the film area to avoid being hit by gunfire. The director should be ashamed to have made such a disgusting movie.  The only redeeming thing about the movie is that the soundtrack has the same annoying sound as the movie, which just made it too hard to sit through.  If you want to see a good movie, go watch this movie. It's not worth the effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie as a kid, and I remember seeing it a second time when I was about 16. It was so bad, I was sick to my stomach.   The acting was awful. The movie is so bad I can't even write anymore, but the movie itself is so incredibly bad that I gave it a 3 instead of 1.  I can remember the first time I saw the movie, it was so disgusting, I thought that I was hallucinating.  The movie was so terrible, that after I left the movie theater, I still had nightmares about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.85:1  Sound format: Mono  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie in the world. This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I know the guy who directed it. He's not in charge of the movie but he has his buddy who does the movie's music. I don't know why they're putting this movie out to sell because the movie is not good at all.  The movie was the worst I've ever seen in my life. It's really not funny, it's not interesting and not interesting at all...   It's like a bad horror movie that was made for TV or something, and it's supposed to be funny. It should be removed from the DVD menu because it is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most disappointing movie I've ever seen. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the ending is so unbelievable that you really don't care. I'm not sure if I can watch this without turning my volume on, or if it's supposed to be a horror film.  I'm going to give this movie a 1, but if you like seeing horror, then I guess I won't be watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not even interesting and should be left in a bin. I will try to watch it in a day but if that's too much I will shut down the whole website for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few years back I went to see a documentary about this film, and was really amazed to see it had been made, as I had really only seen it a couple of weeks back. I am now going to ask myself why I didn't pay for it, as it was a really bad film. I was also pretty impressed to see that it was made by someone who looked so young to me, and at the time of making it looked like he had not shaved his beard. He looked a little like a young boy with his hair cut.  Overall, I would advise anyone to avoid this film at all costs, especially if you are planning on making a documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I think I've seen a bad film since I was a kid... I think my memory of the last few years is kinda ha hazy, so I'm gonna rewind it, and rewatch it. Second, it's obvious that the original "Dog Days" was just a commercial for the commercialization of drugs in the 80's and 90's. So I wonder why anyone would want to watch this crap. Third, I really don't get it. Why the hell do people who were in the drug business ever want to make a movie about drugs, when they were making money doing other activities?  This movie reminds me of those commercials for Coke... I just don't understand the logic.  If you want a good one, watch "Dog days". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess of clichés and badly filmed and it is very, very bad. I mean this is not even really a movie. It's a bunch of meaningless characters, clichés, cliché's, clichÉ and the worst.  And that's the best of it.  So what is that story about? A group of friends take a road trip and come across a weird hill top and suddenly are attacked by a group of rednecks.  The story is a stupid, cliché'ish mess. I have seen many movies, including many, many horror movies, and this one ranks very low. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some really strange, even "campy" performances from the campy, campy campy-ish characters, but they don't really merit much interest. The story is just dull, uninteresting, boring, and not very interesting. There are several scenes in the movie where the actors talk in a very campy manner about their camp experiences, but the movie doesn't take place in a campy way.  The acting is bad. It's not really campy at all, and it's just plain bad.  It's also not very amusing. If you like the campiest of all time, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was a horrible mess. It is not funny. It will not make you laugh. It could make you angry. It was not funny, but it was not boring.  This film is very, very unfunny, very cheap, and most of all just plain stupid. I have seen some funny movies with bad, low budget, and some great, funny movies, but this was absolutely horrible.  There was no real story. The acting was very, VERY badly done. I did not laugh once.  If you like stupid, low-budget, unoriginal, badly directed movies, this will not be good enough for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't really understand the other comments that were posted. It's just not that good, it's not that exciting and it's really not that entertaining.   Well, I think the only comment that I have to make in my opinion is that "If you're gonna go see this movie, don't!"    If you're going to see this film, then don't. I'd rather see the original "The General" and then have a chance to see a totally different movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is absolutely horrible.  The first hour was good.  Then I felt that I should watch a little bit more.   And then I started to like the movie a little more. I still do.  So, I decided to watch the whole movie...  Oh my God... I mean.... the ending... The ending was just horrible. I mean, I had to see it for myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess, I can see why some people like it, because it has no story line, very boring and a very strange plot.  If you want to see the real plot of this movie, just read the other comments. It's not even a thriller, you can even say it's an action movie.  I'm giving this movie a 2 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A bunch of us were so bored to watch this movie that we wanted to fast forward past it so we could fast forward through the movie and never miss a second.  The ending is really bad. The movie goes no where and there is no real ending. It seems like a made for TV movie.  Please do not waste your time on this movie. It is an awful movie. I will give the movie one star out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning it was cute and entertaining but at the end of the movie it turns to boring.   The ending is so bad I am shocked that I actually turned off the movie.  The movie is so painful that I wanted to throw up, I really wanted to do so.  So, if you liked "The Naked Gun" you will like this movie, and I think I would if I were you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this film was a horrible combination of what is going on with the American Psychiatric Association and its members. The director/writer needed an actual psychiatric opinion to write this movie, and I can't think of one, because I have never been in a psychiatric institution. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'm very sensitive to the fact that a movie doesn't need a plot or plot to be good. It's not like "The Godfather" or "Gone With The Wind" that Hollywood would remake. It has no structure, no direction, no meaning, no inspiration. The only memorable performances are the two lead actors, played by George Clooney and Matt Damon. The acting is a bunch of cliches and nothing more.  The only reason that I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 is because Clooney was the only memorable performance in the whole film. The other three characters are supposed to be "socially responsible" for the actions of these two idiots.  If this movie is good, it will be bad. If it is not, it would have been even worse.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie to be incredibly stupid. If I hadn't seen it, I would have jumped out my seat. The story is predictable, the plot is weak, and every character is either a stereotype or completely changed. The ending was also extremely bad. The acting was horrible, the direction was terrible, and I thought the soundtrack was awful. I could see why it was so hard to sit through. I thought it was really sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was disappointing, the story is not interesting and I am not convinced that there are a lot of people who would want to watch this movie. It should be a little bit better, it is not too much a big story and could have something to do with the plot. I am a big fan of Michael Caine and this movie was definitely not good.  The acting was not good, the characters were boring and the plot was not developed enough.  I would have liked a movie with some new actors but this movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the last review I read, I was not really pleased with this movie. It was not a great movie. The only reason I watched this movie was because the title was in the title, which is a good reason. If you are going to make a movie about religion and the bible, it needs to be at least somewhat interesting and a lot better than this movie with the title "The Good News Bears."  This movie is just plain boring. If the story is good, it will not be good. The story is very simple. The movie is not worth even 1 rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has gotten so bad so I had to see it. The script is crap and there's no real plot line. So I decided to watch it for a couple of hours and I had a good time. It was really dumb. I couldn't believe how lame this movie was. I really couldn't understand a lot. I'm really surprised with this movie.  The whole movie is really dumb and is very un-funny. There is not much acting but the movie is awful. I think they're trying to make a movie that would get people to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit, there was a very slight hint of humanity and a bit of grit in the movie and a very obvious love for the main character. The movie was very poor and boring, it could have taken a bit more humanity and I'd have been happy with it. The cast didn't really do much, if you have to ask me, it was the weakest of the three and the only person I really liked in the whole movie was the girl who played the main role. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not worth watching even if you enjoy the Lord of the Rings movies. The story is weak, the characters are flat, and the acting is bad. The direction is bad, the story is flat, the script is poor. I am glad that the budget was not taken down to the ground and put into an awesome movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read reviews of this movie. They're right. I saw this movie, and I could tell the director was a hick.  The movie has been edited to death. The sound effects are terrible. I know this movie had the same producer as the original movie, but he did not seem to know what he was doing. The story is crap, and there's not much entertainment value here, the story is boring and just to turgid, but there's a lot of talking in the background and a lot less talking on the movie.  There is a lot worse editing. I could not even finish watching this movie because of the editing.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10 because of all the hype. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole idea behind this movie is pretty ridiculous, and even worse the acting. The plot is pretty simple, and it's very obvious that a lot of money has been put into this movie. The special effects are good, and the movie itself is just crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of The Dukes of Hazzard and this show has got to be one of the worst movies I've seen...  The premise is stupid and predictable and the acting is poor.  The movie is so bad it is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The problem with this film is that it's so bad, the acting is bad, and the plot is weak. This is the kind of film that you would expect to be directed by someone who hasn't got the hang of watching movies. If you are going to do a film that really needs to be done, make it look good, make the script good, and make the story great. I just don't think this was the right film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is the typical Hollywood film. It is predictable. The actors are predictable. And the story is weak.   If you want a real horror film, then I would recommend seeing "Hide and Seek." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was awful. I was mad at the beginning and was like oh my lord there was too much of it. The story was very predictable and very very bad. And the acting was bad.  I am still mad at what I've watched. I think that this movie was really bad and I think I will never watch a movie that bad. I'm not saying it's the worst movie ever, I'm saying this movie sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this DVD and I thought that it was a real shame to watch it.  I am glad that I watched it and I am really glad that people think that it is a masterpiece.  It is not, but I do give credit to the cinematography for the great directing and editing.    I did like the music in the movie, the lyrics in the film were really stupid and the story seemed like it could be so much better.  The DVD has the same soundtrack as the original, I hope that people won't waste any money on it. It will be really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was horrible and the writing was horrible. The story is a big pile of clichéd. It was just not funny, or entertaining. The characters were boring and the comedy was very weak. It looked like a movie with a few laughs. I just don't know why. It wasn't supposed to be entertaining. It didn't have a good story line. The actors were bad. And the writer, just bad. I mean come on. It would have been nice if the comedy and the story line were actually funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a young boy in the beginning, but he's already dead when the movie ends.  The story is terrible, the acting is bad, and the characters are dull.  I was looking for a movie that was actually interesting. So I ended up with a movie about a bunch of idiots who want to be astronauts and have an insane plan to get a close look at the earth and space, and then have to go on a space mission to Saturn to actually see the planet and its rings and go back to Earth and have a nice vacation.  This movie is terrible. I have to admit that I was bored, and had to watch it for about 30 minutes before it started to make me angry. The acting is very strange and not very realistic. I did like the movie, it was very boring, and didn't make much of an attempt to make the movie any entertaining at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen a lot of bad horror films in my time. So far, I've seen the typical, gory horror films, and this is nothing new. But it has been an interesting film. I'm not even sure how it managed to scare the hell out of me, but I did not feel anything, and I'm glad that I didn't waste any money on it.  I don't think I've ever seen such bad acting in a horror movie. I mean, the only horror film I've watched with my eyes is the Nightmare series (which is actually scary), so this was a waste of film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had read the book before seeing this movie and it turned out that the book was quite a bit of a masterpiece, I have to admit that.  The story is very boring and lacks some real interest, I'm thinking that this could have been the book I was looking for.  It's all the same - the movie is full of clichés and nothing special.  I guess it would have been nice if it was a bit longer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's safe to say that this is one of the worst movies I've seen.  The acting is poor and it isn't that good. The characters are annoying.  It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not even an action movie, but rather a collection of terrible slap stick comedy and was not even interesting enough to make me laugh. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, but it was a bad disappointment. There was absolutely nothing good, but the ending was the only thing worth watching.  The main characters were all the same from the beginning, except for the girl in the beginning and the girl with the red eye, they were all pretty bad.  I guess I just expected too much from the movie, and that is the main reason why I didn't enjoy the movie.  Maybe I was not paying attention or something. I would recommend this movie. It could have been better if the movie didn't have the ending, it would have been more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I liked about this movie was the story. The director should have used a different camera angle and edited the entire movie in a way that was more interesting and at the end it didn't make much sense. The acting was awful.  The plot was just a joke. The movie is just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off well. The first two or three minutes is good, but then you know it's going to be just plain bad. The movie has a lot of people in it. The acting is poor. The story is just, very bad. I was mad for the movie to end, and then I turned the DVD off.  The movie starts out OK, but doesn't really go all that well. It has a couple of good quotes, but the movie is just boring.  I just want to be able to say this, so that I can add to my review, but I can't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie last night with my wife and she found it to be a very dull movie. The acting is bad, the characters are stupid and the movie is so bad I think it is a waste of money.  If you want to watch a good movie don't see this one. It is better than The Goon, even The Goons. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie was made! It had no real story, it was boring and not exciting. I mean come on, it is not that exciting at all! The plot was lame, the acting was bad and the directing was awful.  If you want to see a great movie, see this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the film in a few cinemas and am very tired of hearing people say how much more exciting it is than Titanic. I am not a person who watches Titanic to see the Titanic. In fact I am very sure that no one in the cinema was in the Titanic mood. The cinematography is poor. I just saw the film for the second time and could not enjoy it.  The acting is poor as is the story line. The acting in this film is the same as Titanic, with some interesting character development. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie could be more terrible is if there was more than one actor in the movie that was funny. I found myself laughing at some of the jokes. I was not even sure why. The only thing that made me laugh was seeing the horrible performance of the director and the actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is something very strange going on. This movie is very poorly directed and is badly directed. The whole movie is shot in dark caves with strange lighting and everything else is dark and there is hardly any light at all.   It's hard to make out what is going on, but I know it's not the story, it's the camera-work. I think this movie was shot in a few days, it should have been edited to a more realistic story.  The movie is full of plot holes. A few examples:    -The lead is not the real guy. He's a very strange person and he's the main hero of the movie.  -There is no romance between the main characters, only there's one weird love-story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is something about this film that is so ridiculous that it becomes comical. It's supposed to be about the story of a mother of three, and her daughter. It has a very strange plot, which is really bad. The only thing that is funny is the way the story is set up and ends. The director and star should be embarrassed with this kind of thing. I'm not sure if they're good actors or just bad actors.   The film has very strange scenes. The daughter asks the mother why she's acting like a woman with her head down. The mother tells her the story, and then the daughter repeats this in a weird way.  The daughter has no sense of humor. I guess she was trying to get the director's attention. She should try to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was supposed to be a thrilling and shocking experience, turns out to be just dull, boring and just a big insult to the audience.  The movie was a major disappointment from beginning to end. I didn't think I would get the whole thing.  And to think, I got some good entertainment watching it.  What a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really terrible. The plot is bad, the movie is bad. The acting is terrible. I've seen movies like this before and this one is really bad. This movie tries to be a horror-movie and instead it ends up being a horror movie.  I'm really shocked that such a good movie from a great director and cast, so if you like a good horror-fantasy movie with a good plot, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself completely unable to watch this movie because I felt I was watching a "Kung fu" movie.  This movie is nothing special, nothing special at all. It is just an insult to Kung Fu films.  The story is bad, the special effects are bad, and the fights are just bad. It just does not make sense. The plot is lame and the movie just does nothing good.  So, for the guys who think that this movie is so special because of it's "fist of fu" and "bulletproof vests", I guess it's just me.  My only gripe is that I was able to enjoy the "Korean legend" that this is. I just wish I knew it was there, I really wanted to watch it.  And the last fight I saw was the one where the guy was using some special effects and he was still standing after the fight. I think that was the most pathetic thing that I have ever seen.  I think the director could of done a better job of directing the fight scenes and have a lot more fun with the special effect and the special FX. I don't think this is the only movie that people will see this year because of the title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem I have with the film is the fact that it is so very poorly directed, that it would make it through the censors if there wasn't so much of the bad acting, editing and plot that was so poor that you just wanted to fast forward through and see what was happening.  As I have said, the whole film is full of bad acting and a stupid script.  The ending is just a stupid cliché and the film doesn't really know what it wants to be. The film is more akin to "The Jerk" than anything else, and that's the only reason I give it a 4.  If you want to watch a good film, then watch this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how bad it is. The reviews are completely wrong. The first 20 minutes or so of the movie are the most pleasant and harmless. But then it's all downhill from there.  I won't even go on with the plot because I've already said, I just wish it was better.  Overall, the movie was really a big disappointment.  The best part is, the acting. The actors, while some of them were good, I still didn't like most of them.  Some scenes were good. The whole movie, to me, was just plain bad.  In conclusion, I would recommend avoiding this one at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was too much, the pace too much... and the ending was not good at all... The only good thing in this movie is... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is about as bad as the movie The Last Mimzy ever made. If you see this movie don't bother, but if you don't... just watch the TV show. The movie was bad, but at least it wasn't as bad, as I said. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie is "The Bad Movie" or "The Good Movie".  I found "The Rookie" to be a disappointing movie, with bad acting, and an absolutely horrible, and unnecessary story line.  The movie doesn't really stand out as a great movie, but it is certainly not a great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I went into this movie knowing that I'd see a movie with "The Rock" on it. So I went out to a video store, and found it. It was in a bin, with the words "The Wild Ones" on the cover. I went in and saw it, thinking it was going to be a great, but I was wrong. I got my money back. It wasn't. It looked like a bad, bad movie. The music was bad, and the special effects were bad. I'm not a rock fan, but if I ever were, this movie would have made me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made this movie even watchable was that it wasn't a true story. The characters were not real. I was confused, and didn't really care if the movie was real or not.  The acting was not bad. The movie was just a collection of scenes from the book, with little real insight of what happened.   The story is boring, the characters are not real people. It's like a soap, with a lot of fake drama. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first hour or so of the movie is so badly written, it's painful. The characters are so unsympathetic and one dimensional that I nearly fell asleep and wanted to roll over the DVD to fast forward to the next movie. It was like watching a bad 60's movie with my kids.  My main complaint with the movie was that the acting was so wooden that it made me laugh so hard.  I guess the movie needed to go because the acting is so poor that you can hardly tell who is going to laugh or who is talking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie starts with some scenes of good humor and some of the more interesting situations you would expect from a comedy but instead it turns into a borefest. The movie is not funny at all, the humor is not engaging, the plot is not interesting, the whole movie is badly directed, and the jokes are not funny.   I saw this movie with my friend and we found it to be the worst comedy movie I've ever seen. We found it a bore, so we turned it off and walked out of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad. It's bad and I can't see why this movie is better than the other "The Legend of ZU" movies of the same era. The Legend of Hundstage was a better movie. I don't really understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, let me say this, I am a HUGE Batman fan, but I do not think I would like to see this movie made. I would rather see a great Batman show like this one, with better special effects and animation.  This is so lame, I mean if you want to see the REAL Batman, then this is for you! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was just watching this movie on my way home from work and i had to fast-forward to see the ending. The ending was just stupid. It was so predictable and just not as funny as the rest of the movie. I mean come on....The ending is the ONLY reason why I didn't like it. The rest of it was a big waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main problem with this movie is that it's really very boring. I mean come on! If you are a fan of horror-comedy, you will find this a waste of time. The acting is bad, the plot is predictable and the film is bad. All this makes a poor film, the characters are not interesting at all, and the result is a total waste of $20. I really don't know how this could have been a good film. It's really really sad when it comes to films like this, and I really wish they made a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this film at the Toronto International Film Festival and I can't see how it ranks a rating of any sort. I'm still reeling from the fact that the movie has been shown only twice, once in the morning and once at night, at both the festival and a local cinema. The acting is so bad that I was wondering how I'd feel after watching it, knowing I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. The only time I saw it was at the end, and I was so angry I wanted to go out and kill the director. The movie is so poor, the director is a total joke.  I'm ashamed to admit that I actually laughed at the festival screening, but I'm glad I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were to compare this movie to other garbage movies it would be like saying I have been watching The Godfather with a pizza and half the acting skills.  The movie is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   This movie has two main actors and it's the director who made this movie.  I am going to give him some points for this movie but I'll stick with the first comment made by the guy who made the comment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a great movie, and neither is it very good as a movie. The movie is not bad, it is bad, and the movie is very stupid. The plot is predictable, the acting is bad and the script is... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is possibly one of the worst movies ever made. I am in search of the adjective that fits the bill - "cheeseburg", "cheezy", "cumbersome", "silly", "unbelievable". A lot of the action takes place inside a shopping mall and I am not convinced that there was a shopping center there. There are a few moments of actual action - the plot - and the "looks" of the actors are not enough to save this movie.    So if you like the movies "Cheesebur", "Cinema Paradis", "La Pianiste", "Bavarian Dreams", "Warm Bodies", "Trouble In Paradise", "Kris Kristoffersons' Blockbuster" or "Cadet Kelly" - I guess you will like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. The movie starts with a great opening. The acting is poor. The story is bad. The editing is bad, the music is bad...  I really wanted to stop this movie after the first few minutes. I mean, come on, how can you get away with this? How can you have this much talent? This is the kind of movie that you see only once or twice.   The ending is like the beginning of a movie that has really bad acting and music. It's a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be completely unwatchful, with all of the special effects and computer generated imagery. It wasn't just the graphics that got me. It was the whole idea of what this movie is supposed to be. I felt like the movie was made for the hell of it.  The whole movie felt like it was about a man who finds his life to be more boring than it could have been.  There are so many plot lines and subplots that I have trouble understanding what the hell is going on. The movie's most notable subplot is the "twist" ending. I don't know if it was the original concept or not, but it ended as a completely random twist. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman kills herself in a car crash when her car is rear-ended by a pickup truck. The pickup truck is carrying a large amount of drugs. The woman, her sister, and her sister's boyfriend, all die when the drug-laden pickup truck plows through the rear end of the woman's car. The family of four people living in the same house dies in the crash.  A car wreck.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theatre when I was 16 and I was in tears, I was embarrassed to watch it again. I wish I never went back.  I mean, when did this movie EVER come out? The first 15 minutes or so of it was so awful, I wanted my dad to stop laughing at me. The movie went on to make me realize how much I had to live for to get my $9.99 DVD.  This movie was awful. It's sad to watch a movie with my own father and not have my parents screaming at me to get away. I don't know why this movie was never even released in the UK. I just wish my dad had been there to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main plot is that a group of women are to hunt down a serial killer. Their hunt takes place in a cemetery that is under construction and that is the only explanation given for why they keep a lookout for the killer and not everyone else.  The movie is nothing more than a failed attempt at a horror movie and I can't blame it on the film.  It's a bad film and the acting is terrible. I can see why it was a real movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I've seen, it really sucks. It is poorly directed, poorly acted, badly edited and it has a poor story. The whole thing is an utter joke. It's really hard to sit through.  The actors, who are good, should be ashamed of themselves. They really don't even look like the characters they are supposed to be, and are totally out of touch with the material.  Don't waste your time, it's not worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I went into this film with my wife and watched it because of the "The Family Stone" comment.  The thing that bothered me the most was that it wasn't even a comedy. It just sounded like a really bad script.  I am going to go with the comment that "The Stone" is about a man who tries to raise his own family and it is funny.  It wasn't bad but I guess that's what passes for "funny" these days.  If you watch this film don't waste your time, there are a lot better ones out there. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm really surprised how bad this movie is. I really can't even think of the movies that the two main actors made. I can't remember the last movie that I ever saw.  This movie was really bad. I've seen better movies. The movies are bad. The movie was very disappointing.  The movie is just bad. It was bad.  I can even see why the director liked it. I guess it's because this movie was badly directed.   Don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a woman's attempt to make a good movie, and there is nothing funny or interesting about it. The script is completely uninteresting and the direction is all about trying to make this movie funny. If you enjoy watching movies that have a good plot and are good to watch, then this is not for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning of the movie the characters are shown in their natural habitats: a forest, a forest and a forest. This movie is about a man (Mancuso) that is trying to make a forest his own and he ends up with a situation that ends in disaster.  What was interesting is the fact that the man's wife (Kasinski) is shown in the movie as a virgin and he has sex with her.  There is nothing interesting about the movie at all. The actors are horrible, the cinematography is bad and the whole movie is so dull that it has become a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is a horrible film. The first twenty minutes is so bad, it is unbelievable. The director was so unprofessional, that he has ruined the good workmanship of the master of all time.  It was a sad day for me. I was so discouraged after watching this film, I turned the DVD off and walked out. I felt like I could not bear to watch anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were you, I'd watch the trailer for this movie, just to see how awful it was. The trailer is full of the usual b-movie clichés and the plot is weak. If I hadn't seen this movie I'd be out of there. The plot is a bunch of boring and uninspired stuff. The ending is nothing but predictable. The acting is terrible. I watched it because it's the second one and it's horrible.   I don't recommend this movie to anyone. I don the trailer, I don;t know what to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a group of young actresses and their journey to become adult models. The film features a very bad soundtrack, a stupid script and no convincing performances. There is not much nudity and the sex scenes are tame and tasteless, but the movie is about the girls making lots of sex. It is a very weak story and it is sad to see the girls having to suffer through this movie. I think this film was released at the end of 2005, I have to wonder if they got money from the producers for this piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story goes like this:    A cop (Simon) is on the trail of a killer who has killed three people. He has the motive to kill again and is on his way to do so when he meets a beautiful woman (Susan) who has the same motive.   The movie is a bore.  Simon and Susan are a couple who have had a rocky history with the killer. They are in a mental hospital after the rampage and are tied to the killer by a phone cord and an orange, which is the killer's orange juice.  This movie is terrible.  There is absolutely nothing good to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 10 minutes of this film are worth nothing more than a chuckle. The movie becomes very un-charming and boring as the characters wander aimlessly about without much direction. The script is awful and the cinematography is simply un-inspired. The acting is horrible. The plot is incoherent. I gave this film a 2 out of 10 for the very weak plot line and actors. The story itself was very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many a bad film, but this one is beyond awful. I found myself laughing out loud at the sheer stupidness of the movie, and it made me sick.  I could go on for days, but I'll just say this, I have NEVER laughed out loud after watching this film. It is one of the most depressing films I have ever seen. It made me hate it as a whole, and believe me, I will never watch another film with this kind of acting.  The only thing that kept me watching was the music, which made me feel like I was watching a bad version of "Gilligan's Island" with no music.   And just like that, the whole thing turned into a terrible waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this film was terrible. The film is soooooooo boring that you wonder if it was done on purpose to give the viewer the "feel good factor" but then again...the movie was way too slow paced and not funny.  The only good thing I can say is that I really don't think the director took an artistic license and the story was bad. I do think that he should have left well enough alone and just let the audience decide.  I would have liked to see the "behind the scenes" for the actors to see if it had a different theme, but then it would have been great.   If you want to watch a good movie with your friends and you don't mind seeing a couple of actors make jokes, you are going to get the "Cameo" effect with this flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this film is if you like watching bad films, as I did, that is.  This film is just bad, bad acting, horrible direction, bad sound, bad camera work, bad lighting, bad script. It makes you wonder what kind of movies they could have made if they spent more time on this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film was extremely dull, even boring, with characters that were so cardboard that you almost believed the movie was a satire of a very real thing.  I mean, there's no way the movie could have been made without the real-life situations, the real people, the actual problems that real people have.  The people who thought this movie was funny and thought it was tasteless were clearly wrong.   If I could, I would have given this film a 1/10 just because of the quality of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen bad movies that are good, but this one is awful.  The story is stupid and just plain dumb. The characters are caricatures of some kind of character that I never heard before. The plot is lame. The pacing is way too slow and I found myself wondering what was going on and what was the point of the movie.   The special effects were not great. They were just awful. The movie is not good. The sound is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know why the BBC gave this show such a bad review. The only reason I give this show so much coverage is because of the actors and the actors who are signed to stars like John Pickard and Steve Martin and are all so incredibly un-familiar.  The main story concerns a group of friends who meet in a bar, with the main character of the group, David, who seems to have a fascination with the other patrons.   One thing that was odd was the fact that the series ended after 2 years. What a disappointment...  I'd like to see the other episodes of the series, which are the most important to me, and would have been more enjoyable to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to say that i am surprised by this movie. It has been my biggest disappointment ever since i saw it and i am really really surprised to be the only one that had a decent plot, especially considering the low budget and time. It is not a good movie.  The acting was bad and the script was bad. The plot was weak.  All in all, i think the movie was really bad. It made me mad that i spent money on it, and really sad that i watched it.  It's not worth wasting your time, you can do better movies, it's not this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In the beginning of the movie we are treated to a few shots of a car wreck with some very big and serious consequences.  The movie is so badly directed and directed that it's hard to sit through it.  There is so much crap that you can't believe what you are watching. The movie has a lot of very stupid dialog and pointless scenes.  Please, do not waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like movies that are 100% 100% true to the original, then by all means watch this movie.  If your favorite movie is "Criminally Insane", "The Cure" is not a bad choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked The Moustache, then this is for you.  The first ten minutes of this film is good, the acting is good. Then it gets boring.  And I'm not the biggest fan of Moustaches, I do like the movie The Piano Tuner, but this movie is not worthy of being watched.  If only they had used some music to make the whole movie worth watching! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have any idea about this movie please, just don't waste your time watching it. The acting is horrible, the script is completely unbelievable and the direction is just bad. This movie was a complete waste of time. I have never seen anything like this before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen, and if it is, I'm astonished. I can't believe the actors gave such poor performances.  It is like claiming a great comedian who only ever turns in performances as an actor.  The only good thing about this movie is that it is so low budget and so uninteresting. The characters are so cardboard and one dimensional that I wonder how anyone could come up with such a terrible script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of the movie are a bit boring, but I guess it could be expected after watching this. I was also a bit worried about the story, but it's not too boring, and there is no plot, at least none what you'd expect from an average horror film. It was too long, too intense, and too predictable.  The movie is too much like a thriller, and I'd recommend you to just watch it for the story alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to thank all of you guys for your time and effort put into making this movie. If you could, please, please make a better movie with less swearing and less of this crap, please. I was disgusted. I feel like a child who saw the movie last night after a bad night at school. This movie is a joke to anybody who has ever laughed at a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that I should say that the only reason I give this film such a poor rating is that it stars two very good actors. The movie was absolutely horrible, but it is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure who this was supposed to be a documentary on.  I was actually mad that the film wasn't able to show a single second of the story and instead only focused on the 'adventures' of the two main characters and their interaction with each other.  It was completely unrealistic to think that this film would be a story about the interaction of these two characters as it was totally unbelievable.  The film had the'same' situations with the same situations and I think that makes the film seem even more artificial.   My biggest complaint about the film was the use of CGI.  This is an extremely fake look to the film, that is a real thing. It looks so fake, the backgrounds and camera work look so fake it is unbelievable. This was used to fill in the gaps of the film and to create the atmosphere for the characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was bad, boring, boring and the only real good thing I had was that there was a really funny line, that I had to rewind after 15 minutes, which had me laughing hysterically for hours. The whole movie was a joke. There are no real funny parts. The acting was terrible. The story was bad. The direction was bad and the direction was terrible, I mean that's the only reason to watch this movie. The characters are all very one dimensional and un-funny.  I'm going to watch something else, it is not worth spending more time commenting on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that i was hoping to see for a friend's birthday and i have been completely disappointed. The characters in this movie are extremely one dimensional, most of the movie takes place in the old black neighbourhood. The acting is horrible, the plot is not interesting at all, the humour is not funny, the acting is not credible. I was not impressed with the plot of this movie, because I am a comedian, I am used to this sort of stuff and i thought the humour was terrible. I had to watch the whole movie, which took about 20 minutes and it ended just as disappointing as the rest of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was very interesting, but it did have some very funny moments. The acting was bad, the characters are cardboard caricatures, the story is weak, and the jokes were corny. There were too many unnecessary scenes and not enough of them. There was nothing good about this movie.  The only good thing I can say is that the cinematography was good. It was like watching a bad television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I can't say anything about the plot except I know that it is bad. There are too many subplots and too many unanswered questions. The actors are not interested in telling a story, but they do a very poor job of answering questions. I do not know how they sleep at night. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the end of it's short run in the Philly area. I'm a fan of "the good guys" but the story is not realistic. I think it could be made much better.  If you are a true fan of this movie don't bother with the story. It has been said before that this movie is the worst movie of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am shocked that someone actually thought this was a good movie... I found it so stupid, I just had to shut up. It was SO fake, it was so corny, that the whole movie was great. It also had some great songs in it. The songs are kinda like a musical version of some 80's teen tv show, it is so lame, that I could not even finish the song.  This movie is very VERY fake, the story is crap, the songs are bad, the acting is bad, I really did not laugh at any of the movie parts, I laughed through my nose.  The only thing that was good was the music, I did not feel any music in the movie, that is the only thing good about this movie.  I think the only reason I did this movie is because I am a fan of 80's MTV and was mad to see something similar to what this movie was. I would really like to see this movie again, I would like to know the details. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was just an insult to the movie industry, and it wasn't even the worst movie of all time. It was the worst bad movie I have ever seen in my life.  It's like watching a train wreck. The acting is awful, the plot is bad, and the movie is bad.  The story is about a woman who works in a small town, and her husband has died in the town. She's going to be in the hospital until she dies.   The movie tries to be serious, so much so that it's not even funny. It's not funny, it's boring and just not funny.  I'm not going to go in to any of the other plot points, because I think that if you want to see a funny movie, you should just watch the original movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad, the story is weak, the script is poor, and the director has no coherence.  It's not really all that bad.  I was looking for a film about the relationship of an old proctologist and his protégé to his patients. But I didn't find it.  The only good parts were a few funny parts, but nothing really worth mentioning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very bad. I cannot see how I would ever recommend it to anyone else.   The ending is absolutely pathetic and the movie is really, really bad. The ending alone is a complete waste of time and I would really like to know how they got paid for this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. I am a huge B movie fan and this is not the worst bad movie I've ever seen... I'd like to know where it ranks in the worst movies ever made.  The story is about a group of girls at their local beach who meet up with a group from the nearby seaside town. There are no real surprises, they go through their day in the life, the same thing every day.  There are some funny scenes, most of the rest is lame and dull...  I will admit that the movie is a little on the cheesy side, but that is probably because it is so poorly made and badly directed... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not worth wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is predictable and it's hard to figure out why it's so damn bad.  I think the film's shortcomings are more likely to be the fault of the director/writer/producers than of the film itself.  A lot of the blame goes to the film. The plot is, well, it's nothing more than the predictable plot.  And the acting is, just plain horrible, just terrible.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is boring, uninspired, and without a plot. The acting is poor, the story is boring and it lacks depth. The characters are all one-dimensional, one-sided and unemotional. The movie has an ambiguous ending and doesn't make any sense at all.  I could go on.  This is the kind of movie that's not really good, that is really bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is a very bad movie and is very very, very low budget. It's just a bad story with bad special effects and horrible actors.  The plot is really stupid and uninteresting. The characters are just terrible.   The only good actors are the main two.  They can't make this movie into a great movie.  If you want to watch a great horror movie, you will see this movie. It is not scary at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was awful - it's just not credible. The acting is very amateurish and the plot is so bad it's good, even for a film made in the seventies. The characters are so unsympathetic and the director/cinematographer should be ashamed of himself.  I've seen a lot worse films, but this is the worst film ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a really bad movie. It's like a very bad movie, where the story is bad, the acting is bad and the story has no real purpose. I think that the whole movie was made for the hell of it. The story was a joke, the comedy is bad.  The whole movie had a terrible, horrible and pointless end. And that's the only good thing about the whole thing.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm gonna start by saying I don't like the idea of a movie with a movie title that has an opening like this, but I am not.  The movie starts very well and gets worse. It's an OK-looking movie.  It is boring.   The plot is boring and the acting is bad.  I wouldn't recommend it to anybody, especially those who don't have much time for watching movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me state at the beginning that I have never seen a movie that bad! I have been a huge fan of the "Rocky Horror" genre since the 70s, and this movie is nothing more than a typical, crappy movie with bad acting, bad music, and poor directing. It is not even scary enough to be entertaining.  As for the movie itself, it is just a stilted, tarted-out mess. The acting is awful. The music is so bad, you cant even understand the lyrics. The characters are so wooden and stiff, that you think the director is screaming in a bad case of dry rot.  I cannot even begin to describe how horrible this movie was.  This movie is so horrible, that I am truly stunned. This movie really is awful, really bad, really, bad.  Please, do not waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was really terrible. I mean, it was a really bad movie. I don't understand why it was awful. I think the acting was bad. The plot was bad, the acting wasn't good at all, and the story was bad at times.  I have watched it to the end, and it has gotten worse and worse. It was a waste of time, a waste.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this DVD from my local library and was excited to see what was it all about. The movie is boring, the music is so much of nothing, and the whole thing is so bad I had to rush out and rent the movie... I had heard that it was bad, but I hadn't seen it yet.  My expectations were high, so I was really looking forward to a great deal.  The movie really sucks.  If you are looking for a fun movie, then I'm going to recommend watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is bad. This is possibly the worst bad movie I have ever seen. The acting is terrible. The cinematography is poor, the sound is crappy, and the direction is terrible horrible. The ending could have been the best film I have seen, the plot is bad, and I don't recommend this movie to anyone, ever.  I am going to recommend this film to the movie-goer to waste their time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is set in a small, impoverished community in an African nation.  The acting is poor, the characters are un-loved, and the script is written to take place in an Afgan village, and its obvious that this movie doesn't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a movie about a bunch of teenagers trying to get into trouble, you will get it here.  If this movie is about teenagers trying, and trying, to get in trouble, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a bad film about the real world of WWII, watch "Gone With the Wind", this is the movie for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad and boring. The acting was bad. The story is boring. No suspense, no thrill, no romance, no action, not even a plot.  I know it was the original "Manos" and not "Mano I've seen" so I can't compare the two.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie and after I saw the credits I decided I had to write a review. I had no idea what the plot was about. This movie was a disappointment.  This is a complete waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first 10 minutes I was excited by the story and the acting of Robert DeNiro and the other cast members. I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into and I started to watch it.  The movie wasn't as good as I had anticipated, and it's pretty disappointing. It's the worst movie I've ever seen and I can't recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never heard of this movie. I had seen it by myself once, and I had to quickly learn that I had a problem.  This movie was absolutely horrible. The acting was poor, the characters were dull and uninspired, and the story was bad. The plot was predictable and non-story, the movie is boring and I couldn't care less. The worst part was the ending. I'm glad I didn't spend my money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that kept me watching the whole movie was the good acting. All the good actors did a good job. The only funny part of the movie was when all the animals were in the house and you could tell they were having fun. There was no suspense or excitement. All I could see was the cute animals playing silly games. The acting was terrible.  The music was very annoying. The movie was not good. The animals did a very poor job of singing. The story was very boring and all the actors did very good jobs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a good movie, go to this film. The story and the cast are good. The movie is about as good as a movie I've ever seen. It's not a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this film is as follows:   A former high school teacher comes back to her childhood home to take on a new job. This movie is about a high school senior named Susan who is the object of her classmates in their art class. The classmates include a photographer, a painter, a student, and a doctor. Susan is the one that is targeted by the classmates and the movie is just an excuse to make Susan pay for her mistakes.   I have seen many movies, and this one just didn't come together in the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the original version of this movie when it first came out and I think I was scared to my stomach. This version is so badly done and doesn't even take the plot of the original movie. I found myself sitting on the edge of my seat, waiting for it to get worse. I felt the director was trying to make the same old movies that got better with time. I mean, it is so bad that I had to stop the movie, because I was sitting there with my palms down. It was so boring, and badly directed. The editing was bad and un-splitting, and the sound was bad. The acting was bad, the plot was not realistic, and I give this movie a one only because of a few really good performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that an adult could go out and rape a child in a forest is preposterous, and in this case the filmmaker's idea is an OK one, but in the hands of a well trained photographer, it becomes an OK movie.  The problem I have with this movie is that the viewer, from the very beginning, can tell that this is a film made for children, and they will think that it is very wrong to rape a small child, especially when there are no witnesses around to tell the child's story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it came out, and it was awful. I thought the acting was horrible, and the plot was stupid. I had no idea why I wasted my time.  My guess is because the movie was so bad it was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not worth a comment. It's a movie about a teenager, who is killed in a car accident, is then found dead with his brain removed and stuffed in a shopping bag. His parents then try to find out who did it and try to cover their eyes and find out that the teenager is gone.  This movie is so boring and not funny that I found myself wishing for the actors to get the movie done.  I am sorry, I think the movie was not funny, but not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie for the second time around and I was kind of thinking to myself that it was kind off dull, I don't know why I did. I mean, I can tell you a lot better than this.  The story is a mess. There was a lot of talk about the plot of the movie, and it seemed like the plot was basically a plot to kill everybody in the movie. I am not sure what happened in the end.  I'm kind of glad that I went to see it, because it just seemed like a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm just surprised by this movie, even though the main character is a teenager and I am a 17 years old kid who loves "the new stuff". So far, so bad. This movie is so bad, I mean, really bad, that it is a real surprise. This film has nothing to offer the movie-going public. The main character looks like he has a heart. And it doesn't take long before he starts to die. The ending is not a surprise. The movie is just so bad I couldn't even finish watching.  I have to admit that I have a personal vendetta against this movie and I hope that I do. The guy who wrote this movie is such a pathetic hack that I was laughing at the movie when it came out, and I just stopped laughing. He's a hack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In order to be 'bad', this film must contain at least one humorous scene and have some redeeming value. It is, however, very badly directed and it is also very muddled.  The only funny moments are the few moments where the script says something like 'This movie is so bad, it is good, because there is nothing funny.' It also reminds me of a scene in a comedy show where the comedian says 'This is the worst comedy ever' and the rest of the audience in the audience laughs with their collective mouches.    The ending is pretty much just a rehash of the first 20 minutes, with a few changes in the script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're going to make a film that is bad enough to go for, you should know this.  The premise is a bad idea, but it's a poorly put together, uninteresting, unemotional, boring, un-emotional and uninteresting film that really doesn't offer anything original.  On the contrary, it features some great performances by the two lead actors, the director and some of the other crew members, but you can't really care about these guys because you will be too bored to care.   The only reason to watch this film is if you want to watch some really bad porn, but if you're looking for a great porn, watch the above mentioned film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was horrible, the pacing was slow, the direction dumb, and the humor was not funny.  In this movie, the movie fails badly to tell the story. The movie is not funny, and there is not any funny. The acting is poor, and this movie is very dull.  There is a lot of cheese in this movie. I mean, the acting is bad, the humor is bad (I was so bored watching this movie), and the characters are all not even caricatures. The characters are so unsympathetic, that they are not even funny. I am really surprised at how stupid the movie is.  My advice is to watch TV-Shop for 10 hours straight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you see this movie, do not waste your time watching it. Just waste it and see for yourself.  If only there was a way to see this garbage, I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this film 2 stars is because it is directed by Fred Olen Ray. I found the film quite interesting at times, and I think the main reason why I give it 2 stars are because of the way it was filmed.   I did enjoy a few scenes that were interesting, and that could possibly be a result of the fact that the film was made for a large audience.  The whole film is an absolute joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is bad and boring, the acting is bad, the plot is poor, and it's boring.  This movie is a bad combination of 'Boogie Nights' and 'Boondock Saints'.  The only reason I gave this movie a 4 was because of the fact that it is a sequel to 'Boogies'.   I give this movie 1 star for being boring. It wasn't funny or interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a movie, it's a god awful movie.  The plot of the movie is not funny, but the movie itself is the worst movie i have seen in my life.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone, it does not make good films, and it makes a hell of a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember seeing this movie when it was first released and I was in a coma. I was shocked to see it was a movie that actually was worth watching. It was so bad I was literally nauseous to watch it. I mean really, what were they thinking?  If only the acting was good I would have walked out of the theater. The ending was terrible. The plot was weak and it was sooooo predictable I felt like the director was giving me a lesson on how to deal with a bad flick. I just wish the movie had been cut down to a few scenes, I think I would of been more entertained. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts of very well and the story is good. But as soon as the movie starts the plot gets silly and ridiculous. It is just bad writing and acting that really makes this movie a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, it's the worst movie ever made. There is a movie called "Death Wish" that stars Michael Carne to be the evil genius. And there is this movie...   I watched this movie and I was just dumbfounded. This movie was bad. I mean, if you want to know the WORST movie ever, this is the WORTH movie ever. The story is bad, the plot is bad. And the special effects are horrible. The sound is awful. The acting was horrible, the music was bad, and the special effect was awful. It's just not scary, and I mean scary is scary. The ending is like a movie, and it's just terrible.  So watch this movie for the laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to make an evaluation of this movie but I will say I think it's about as bad as "The Shop Around the Corner" (the other movie which is worse than this one).   The plot is weak, the characters are pathetic and I have a feeling that if this movie was made in the seventies when the movie was being made, the director should have listened to the people who thought that this movie is funny, but I guess if you make it in the eighties you're going to be laughed at for making such a bad film.   Overall, this movie will not be considered a comedy or even a drama. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big movie fan but I thought it was very bad and very stupid. The plot is very weak and the acting is awful and this is the only movie that made me want to see more. The movie just doesn't make up the mind of a person.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts out interesting. It is like the movie started out well. It ended well, but what happens? Well the movie is just boring. It isn't funny, and it is not interesting, which I can see. The ending was the only interesting thing about the whole movie. I think I would have to say that this movie should be destroyed for the sake of the other movie that is a waste of 92 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that I have seen some bad movies and this is one of them. I really hope I can warn other people about this movie. I'm thinking it is a pretty bad movie...  I'm sorry, I have just seen it and it looks pretty bad. The actors are bad, the direction is bad and the story is not good...  The only good thing in this movie was the ending... I could not believe it... I have a feeling that they have had a really good idea...  If you want to watch a good movie, I recommend you to see this one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this movie extremely boring and stupid and the acting is terrible. The plot is not interesting and the characters are not sympathetic. This movie is not worthy of any comment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts well with the introduction of a bunch of old proctology students on a boat. The story is set in the Pacific Northwest and there's a bit of a plot involving a bunch o' proctological students. The film doesn't go into much detail about the plot and I didn't see any major problems with it. I can see why they ended up on such a minor story and then turned it into a major one.  Overall, I was pretty bored throughout the entire film and felt like it had taken a pretty long time to get to the big finish. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As you can see from the summary this movie is horrible. I don't understand how this movie could be the worst movie I've ever seen. The script is crap. I mean the whole movie is just bad.  I just can't believe this movie even exists. I'm still stunned that I just wasted time of my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be a big bore. The only good thing I can say about it is because I was so bored I lost interest after a few minutes. The acting was horrible.  The plot was weak, the humor was awful. The whole movie was stupid.  I don't understand why the people rated it so low. It didn't help that the whole movie is a load of nothing. The movie reminded me of the old Scooby-Doo cartoons. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe how low budget this movie is. I was supposed to like it, but I ended up not caring for the first 15 minutes of it. The whole movie is about a father's attempts to stop his son from acting like a "jackass". The rest of the movie was spent trying to make the movie a masterpiece of the first 25 minutes.  The story is weak, and the acting is poor. The songs are the same old recycled ones from the 80's. The plot was bad, and at the end I was completely confused as to what the whole movie was about.  I think that if the movie would have been in a high budget, I would have stopped watching it and just walked out at the halfway point. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie with my best friend and we were shocked that it was a sequel to this movie.  It was so bad, my friend was like "what the heck were the actors thinking?".  This movie had no real plot and didn't go along with the rest of the movie, which was a big disappointment. The movie had nothing to the movie. The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the ending was lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really sad.   The plot is bad, the story is bad.  The characters are weak, the script is bad and the direction is terrible.  I mean, come on, why was the soundtrack the only thing that was worth watching the entire movie?  Oh, I should just know.  Well, it's not like the story line is good.  But it's really not funny.  And I mean really, really, why is the ONLY song the "B" in this movie worth listening to?  The director has not even tried to take the time to find good music for the songs in this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that could have been good. But it isn't. The movie is not funny, and it doesn't make any sense.   The only funny parts are the beginning and the end credits.  The beginning credits do not explain anything. The end credits do. The director and producer need to explain the movie.  I can't even understand why the movie is called "Gloria." The director clearly states that he made this movie in the first place, and this movie reinforces that.  This movie is one big pile of pretentious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I'm gonna cry, but I haven't yet. I hope this movie is the last one that is made by the director of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title should tell you everything about this movie. It's a bad, cheesy and just plain crappy movie. The acting is horrible. The story is crap, the characters are not real. The music is terrible. The director ruined it. And, that's all.  I don't understand. This is an old Japanese horror flick with bad special effects. It should never have been made.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A sequel to "The Shop Around the Corner" was a disappointing sequel. It's not just a remake, it's just a rehash of the previous movie with more violence.  The Shop Around The Corner is a dreary mess. The new title of "The Bloody Shop" does not convey the original intent. It is a re-hash of a previous film with more blood and violence. The script is even worse than the first. The acting is bad, the direction is bad and the story is a pathetic rehash.  This is a movie that should have never been made. It just has the makings of the perfect movie with an acting that is so bad it becomes the standard of the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this movie was very very badly done and i am very disappointed.  The plot was horrible and i found myself actually wanting to go watch the movie again.  I think the only person who liked it was because they didn't know anything about the movie, they probably just saw the movie because they don't care about it and they probably didn't even know the name of the movie.   In conclusion I give this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad it is not funny. The acting is poor. The script is poor, the story is bad, and the director has made an OK movie with his buddies.  In conclusion, I gave this movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that seems to be more for shock value than any real plot, and the acting is all bad. The plot is predictable, the script is weak, and so is the acting.  This movie is the last that I will be recommending to my friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie I was expecting a lot from the beginning. The movie ended up not being that bad, and that was disappointing.  The plot wasn't bad, it was predictable, and it was all because of the fact that it was made by the director.  If I would have watched the first 15 minutes I would think I would be crying. It was so bad I had to fast forward to the end to make sure I didn't miss anything. I guess the movie wasn't that bad after all, so I can't really complain.  It could have been much better, but I don't want to talk about the story, but if you want to watch a good movie with a good story, watch this one instead of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of The Prodigy, you will like this movie.  The Progeny (the title) is about a couple that are having a long vacation. They are getting a little too much to eat and decide to take a swim. They then become very ill and one begins to wonder if they will get better. The movie is full of bad acting and the script is horrible. I think that the movie should have been titled The Prodidence of Noll and The Proctor's List.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember when this was released.  In the middle of the movie the movie just goes off the rails a little and goes off script. It's not really original.  The plot is terrible. The movie is badly directed, badly acted and the ending is really bad.  A really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film begins with a car wreck with two men in it, but then the film loses its way and becomes a bit dull.   The story is nothing more than a dull rehash of the same old cliché: a young, naive woman is offered a ride home with the stranger, and she accepts. They plan to meet, and as they do, she begins to realize the error in her plan.  As they drive, the two are plagued by the same troubles that plague every single one of us:  1. The road sign on the rearveiw mirror says, "DORAN'S BIRTH," and she realizes that her plan has fallen through the floor.  2. A strange car with her mirror mirror on the windshield starts slowing, and the mirror is suddenly a part of the car that causes her to lose control of the vehicle and to be thrown into the rear.  3. The mirror that causes the mirror to be in the mirror of the mirror causes her mirror to appear behind her and causes her own reflection to appear at the rear of the mirrors.  4. Finally, her reflection is trapped in her mirror in the rear mirror, and is just another car with the mirror on it.  The mirror is a weird combination of mirrors. A car with mirrors on the mirror and a mirror on a mirror.  I found this to be a bit confusing, so I decided to give it a shot.  A total waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing to save it. I've been watching the movie for more than 2 hours, and I've only been watching it for about 5 minutes.  I saw it with my friend, and we just found ourselves bored. I think we got more bored after the first half hour.   If I didn't have enough caffeine, I would have turned it off after the second half of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible, I mean horrible. The acting is the worst I've ever seen from a film I've seen, and the story is the only thing that makes this movie worth it.  If you are looking for a good laugh, I'm sure this movie will be worth it, but if you want to see a good movie, I would recommend watching "Funny Games".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was watching this movie with a friend and had to rush out to the bathroom. There was no movie, and I just left it on the shelf because it had gotten very boring. I'm a big B-movie fan, and that's why I watch B movies.  I wanted to like this movie. It's boring, the actors are all bad, and the story is completely unbelievable. I gave this a 2 only because of the actors. The story is predictable, the humor is too bad and not funny at all, and it made me think that I was on a bad medication. I have a friend who is a huge B movie buff, and he loved this movie, so I guess I'm not very good to watch by myself.  This is not the first time I've seen the movie, nor is it my last. I just saw it because my friend is a big movie buff and loved it, so he watched it too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What I thought was so great about this movie is the fact that it is a remake of the movie "Halloween" with a killer in a costume. And that is the only reason I gave this movie a 10.  I am shocked that this movie was even made. This movie was not funny. It is horrible. The acting is not funny and the plot is not interesting at all.  If you want a good horror movie with good scares and good gore then you should not see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of this film is about the relationship of two people, Alex and Alexandra, who have been married for three years, and they have decided to get rid of the other and have sex after two weeks. Alex finds the place very creepy, and after some strange occurrences, he thinks he might have seen a ghost, or an evil demon. He calls Alexandra a couple of losers for having sex after seeing a ghost in the woods.  Well, it starts with Alex and his friends going to a house to have sex, and he is the only one who likes Alexandra. Alex and her friends start to have strange nightmares and start to act like a couple, as Alexandra's friend is Alex's girlfriend.  There is no nudity, no sex, no gore, nothing. There are lots of strange sounds and strange images.  The ending is just not scary, as it just makes the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand.  This movie was really bad.  The plot is boring. The acting was bad. The ending was really stupid.  I didn't laugh once, and I'm not even a teenager, so I really think I should just shut off and say "I'm so sad..."  The ending is not funny, not interesting, and not good.  Overall, I would suggest renting this movie to make your hate increase... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me start by saying I'm not a big Richard Attenborough fan, but I am very interested in his other works, and especially this one. I'm going to read a few chapters from his other books, and I'll try to watch him, as he's very famous in England, but this one is terrible, and there is really nothing to recommend. I've seen a lot of films, and this one will not only be the worst, but the worst. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not bad, at all. I can't even express how utterly un-funny this movie is. There's no plot, the jokes are corny and uninspiring, and the script is bad. There are many moments in this movie that are so bad, they're funny, they have to be in the script, and are so awful they're good. The main character, a kid, is so old, that you have to rewind the tape and watch them again to make sure that you weren't just hallucinating.   There are no redeeming qualities to this movie. It's a waste of time, a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is really really very, very, lame. There is absolutely no real plot, the acting is bad, the movie is so incredibly boring that it makes one wonder why they spent the time to make such a bad film. This is a waste of time and money. I would like to know what went on in the minds of the directors and crew.  I do appreciate the use of CGI and other effects that add to the overall look of the movie. If I had the urge to see this movie I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should have come with a warning label: The film is about a young couple in love, who drive across country to visit their family in their childhood home, where they plan to have an affair. Along the way, they come across a ranch, where their family used to keep horses. They decide to have the horses removed, and take the animals into their family home. But the animals start to die from lack of water, and the husband wants to get his animals to walk along the trail to water.  I'm thinking I'll stick out the end, and then it gets a little better.    The ending is a bad waste of nothing. It was so bad, that I stopped watching halfway through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not a documentary. It's a pathetic, over-dramatized and ultimately boring movie.  The film is poorly directed, badly acted, badly photographed and boring. It lacks the wit to make fun of itself.  What do you suppose the appeal of this movie is? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I watched this movie is because of the plot. The main characters are the main baddie actors in the movie and I don't see how the movie can be a good movie. The story is so boring, you can't even pay attention to the plot anymore. The ending is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  I give this movie a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I like seeing the old movies I also think the new ones should be better. I have only seen "Hollywood Homicide", "The Hitcher", "Hoos Gone Wild", and "The Gunfighter" so far.  The problem I had with "The Rock Star" was that it was too long. It was too rushed and the acting was too stiff. It has no real plot, and the characters were not realistic at all.  In conclusion, the Rock Star is the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know what's wrong with you guys. You probably just need some sleep. If you can't sleep then don't watch this movie. It is not even a thriller. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is possibly the worst movie ever made. I watched it about a half an hour ago and found myself wondering what the hell I just wasted my time on. The movie is very very incoherent, has no real plot and doesn't make sense. It is a very cheap movie with bad acting and bad directing, I recommend not to waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a friend's video of some bad acting and decided to watch it. I was hoping something at least but it ended up being terrible.  This movie is a waste of time. The main character was annoying and had no personality. It looked like the director was a teenager with no real life and no sense of humor.  My advice is if you see this film don't waste your time with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad. The acting is horrible, the script is horrible. The special effects are bad, the cinematography is poor, the camera is OK. This movie sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie over 2 years ago, and the story was interesting. The only thing that could have made me dislike it was the fact that it was about two families that are in dire straights. The main character is a young woman who has lost her mother to the hospital because she is unable to handle her sister's sudden change of heart. The director seems to have gotten the idea that the hospital is going to be taken over by the city, so she cuts all the scenes together and thinks she has an interesting story.   This movie is boring and really does nothing for the viewer except maybe be entertained.  The whole movie is filled with plot holes, unnecessary scenes, and poor performances from all of the actors.  I would like to see something else, like a story about the young woman's life in the hospital, instead of this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a beautiful Italian countryside and a pleasant welcome to the viewer. The first twenty minutes of the film are quiet quiet pleasantness and the viewer is made to feel bad for not wanting to see a bad film but rather a good story.  The story goes on to tell how the Italian government tried to stop the flow of money into the hands of the mafia. This was a very powerful and evil move.  All the while we are watching a gorgeous Italian countryside with nice people and a nice environment.  There are some funny scenes in this film which just make you laugh and think.  This movie has one of those "everybody's eyes are open" moments. It had one of the biggest ever filmed in history and some scenes of good Italian culture have been censored.  I'm sure you can guess what happened to the film. The mafia fell apart and went on a killing spree, but the rest of the movie just ended up in a pile of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the original film so many times that it really seems like a waste of film. The characters in this film are all wooden characters, who all seem to be out for revenge. It's sad to see such characters in such a poor state. I can't see how they achieved such abysmal acting from such a talented cast. I guess the cast is still reeling from the poor script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a film this bad film is badly directed, poorly lit, and boring. In fact, I find it hard to watch this film because of the few interesting moments. The only thing that saves this film is that it has a lot of people who are either mentally ill or just plain have a severe case of insomnia. I'd recommend avoiding this one unless you like a dull, lifeless film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie ever. I've seen it twice and the acting is terrible. The script is so bad, the acting and writing is awful, I mean I could barely believe it. I couldn't even get to enjoy it.  I have to admit, I just can't get into it. The characters are bad, their motives are dumb, the dialog is bad, and the end result is awful.  It was one of those movies that was so bad I couldn;t believe it, and I just couldn't stop laughing.  The movie is so incredibly bad, I don't recommend this movie to anyone unless you're a complete and utter moron. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very dull, over-scripted story about a very stupid guy (Paul) who gets an offer from a psychiatrist (Stephen) to help him cope with his alcoholism, has a big problem: the only way he can find a way to kill himself is if he takes a bath with his dead father's ashes.  Paul has been drinking since his father's death, but he still manages to get into the house with his drunk mother and his dead brother (the ashes of Paul's dead father). His mother is dead, so he decides to take a bath and starts taking pills liberally liberally, while taking no medication. His brother is in jail, so Paul kills him for taking pills with him.   The only thing that's missing is the ending. It's not very satisfying, so you'll just leave it on the shelf for Paul to enjoy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is so bad, that it failed to impress me even once. The acting is horrible. The sound is so poor, that you really want to shake your head and give your head a rest.  I'm actually mad for the story, as it is absolutely awful. The whole movie is a joke. The direction is poor. The jokes are bad. The music is bad.  The acting could of been better. The special effects could of used in a real movie. The story is crap. The plot was stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was weak. In my opinion the only highlight of the film was the acting of the two main characters. I would have liked to have seen them in a more sympathetic light.  I think the story could have been told in a few hours, maybe even sooner.  There were also too many subplots that were nothing to the main plot.  The story was weak, I think.    The ending was very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in awe of its bad acting, its terrible direction, and the fact that it was made for TV. The only thing that could have saved it from being a complete failure was if the plot was good, the ending good, and everyone else had good lines. The director did a really bad job and the actors played out their lines with no effort.  I guess I'd like to know why they gave it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that was made as a "Premiere Surprise" which had a great concept and seemed like a movie that could be good in the end. I didn't believe it until the very end, but the movie is bad. The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the direction is bad! The story has no depth at all, the characters are boring, the action is bad as hell and the ending is... I guess the movie was about the same as a first rate Twilight Zone or Tales from the Crypt episode. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst movie I've ever seen. The first 30 minutes were interesting, but then all hell breaks loose and you're just sitting there in stunned disbelief.  The ending is like a horrible film, with a bad, horrible ending.  This movie doesn't add anything to anyone's life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie, and I could see that it had not the intelligence of an adult. It was boring and the story is weak.   The movie is a waste of my time. The characters are flat, there is no real development of characters, and the acting is pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was badly paced and over all, the story was boring.  The cast of the movie was all unknowns, even though the acting was good and the story is interesting.  I am still trying to decipher the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so bad it's not funny. I just found myself watching the movie and after 40 minutes i started to wonder what was going on with this movie. I kept wondering why the hell was the plot line. If the script had been funny and witty like this movie would be an alright movie. The jokes were the same old jokes with some new characters added in. The plot was very stupid and I felt like I was watching a very bad movie.  The ending is really bad, I could barely sit through it. The ending was so bad i was laughing and i was crying like a little girl. I don't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a bang bang! In the first 20 minutes we see some bad explosions, a shootout, a chase, some guys, one woman with a bloody head, and then we get some guys talking about how this was a "perfect crime" and we get our main characters running around shooting randomly and the story is just dull and boring. I really don't get it. This is a movie that just lacks one good action scene, and that's why it gets a 2/10 from me. I guess it has something to do with some good actors... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film in the early 1990s when it was in a cinema in Melbourne.  The film was a dull, uninteresting and uninteresting film about a couple who are planning a beach vacation.  I've seen a lot of films about this kind, and this is by far the worst of them.  This is a terrible film. The plot is boring and predictable. The acting is bad, the dialog is terrible. And the worst is the lack of suspense.   I found myself actually watching the film for a second, and I can't even begin to describe how awful this was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure what is going on here. I was really annoyed with the last 30 minutes. I mean, I know this was an animated version of a kids movie, but it had really nothing to recommend it.  The only reason I watched it was because it had so many ridiculous moments that I could laugh at. I guess I just didn't get it. It was too long, and the plot wasn't original.  If you are going to watch this movie, don't watch it with friends because you will probably be disappointed by the lack of laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, I had to write this review because I'm really tired of writing, and just want to get out.  This movie is a complete waste of time and should never have been made. It should be removed from the DVD library and destroyed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "The Secret of NIMH" is like a bad, poor version of "Troll 2". The characters are like caricatures of the worst television program I have ever seen, and the acting is awful. The story is about a couple of college students, who play a deadly game of "Secret". They win the game and the loser dies. But when the game is over, they go to their dorm and find the game had been rigged. The dorm is the place to be for the winner. The acting is bad, and if you're watching a horror movie, you'll be forced to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as the movie goes, it's pretty much a repeat of the original series.  If you were to watch the movie, there's nothing new.  The actors are not really good either. The special effects are bad, and the music is horrible.  So basically, the whole movie is a repeat. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, the acting is terrible, the script is very poor and the special effects are bad.  This movie should not have been made, even in the first five minutes.  It starts off with a very good premise, with some nudity and some great music, but the movie goes off the rails and doesn't really come together until the last half.   The plot is very, very predictable and not very exciting, with a good line in the beginning and the usual sex scenes, which are pretty erotic.  And that's that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that is so bad I was sick of it after I saw it. I mean come on, what's up with that? The acting is poor, the script is terrible, and the story is weak. All of this is because the director, who was also the main writer, just doesn't have a good idea.  This movie was a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was horrible. There is no plot, really, the movie is just horrible. It was really boring. There was no suspense. No action. No thrill. No romance. It just seemed to drag on.  The best part of the movie was when the two main characters were having a long conversation about their feelings. It seemed to take about a week before they realized that they were in love.  This movie was terrible. I was really disgusted with the plot. The story was not good at all, the cast was not all good, the plot is not clear, and it was just plain boring.  I have been a big fan of this movie since I saw it for the first time. I even managed to stay awake during the whole movie, even though the movie seemed to be pretty boring. It is not worth a rental. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was predictable. The beginning was promising but I kept hoping something would come along and surprise me. It was a waste of time. I felt that the ending was a little rushed. It had some good moments but nothing special.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, as far as IMDb voting goes, this movie was way below the average.   The acting was bad, the movie is boring, and the script was terrible. The story was horrible.  I give it a 1 only because of the acting, the plot, and finally the fact that the plot was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was about 11 years old and I remember I cried.  I'm guessing the real people in this movie were from the same town where I grew up and probably didn't live in the same house as me when I went to school and played in the neighborhood.  My mom's friend had to see this movie and then we were both so mad we decided to rent the sequel instead of the original.  So in the sequel the two kids get picked on and they get to make a sequel about the original movie.  The only way the movie is good is if you are too mean to your kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say, I am really surprised to see it in this pathetic way.   I've been looking for this movie on ebay for a while now, I can't believe it got to this price.  I have to say, if this was a real movie I would have to admit I didn't pay for it.  And to be honest, it really didn't make sense to me at all. I don't know why the ratings for this film was so low, the majority of comments and ratings I've seen for this have been at around 5 to 10.  The other reviews on this movie just don't make any sense.  It was really bad, and the actors, the characters, the plot and the whole plot, made the whole thing really unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason to watch this film is for the excellent acting and storyline. I just think it was the worst film I have ever seen. It just didn't work at all and I can't even see why it failed. The plot wasn't interesting and the plot was bad. The acting wasn't bad at all. The only good thing about the film is the soundtrack which was really very irritating. The script is not even interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. I'm not kidding. I saw it with some friends and found the whole thing rather boring. I don't really care for most movies. I like most horror movies, but this one... I mean, come on!   This is the movie I've seen that makes you care about the characters. It has some good gore scenes, but I don;t really care. It's just not the most interesting movie I have ever seen.  I am sorry, I didn't pay to see it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is terrible. The plot is boring, the acting is bad, and the sound effects are bad.  In the beginning of the movie, the sound is good, and there is some ambient music. Then, suddenly, it cuts to black and all sound is cut.  The plot continues to be very boring, and after a while, I started to laugh out loud, as I have a good sense of humor.  All of this happened during the first 20 minutes of the film, and it was so disappointing that I didn't bother to turn it off.  Overall, I would give this movie a 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was because my friend told me that this movie would be good. And it was.  I am a huge Luke 11 fan, and it is not at all unusual that a movie starring one of my favorite actors ever would not be bad. It is just that Luke 11 is one of the few movies that could have actually made me care about it...  Luke 11: The Prophecy is a bad script. I give it a rating of 0/10 because the film was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to find a film with more boring characters than this one.  I think it is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never heard of this movie, and was so excited to see it after seeing it in the cinema. The plot was terrible, the acting was awful, the cinematography was bad, the writing was poor. It was so bad that it was funny. It's not even a comedy, it's a movie about a woman who becomes friends with a mentally handicapped woman who's in a sanatorium and has sex with her, and all of that happens in the middle of the movie. It is absolutely disgusting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on Cinemax with some friends and was watching it on the movie channel. I thought it was funny. I tried to watch it for a long time.  This movie has a bad plot and bad acting. The movie is so predictable that I gave it a 3. I think this movie could have been much better if it wasn't such a waste of time. If I had to rate it for the time it was I would give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked "Basic Instinct" you will probably enjoy this movie. If you are looking for a decent horror movie, I would say go for it, but if you want to laugh at stupid humor then go for "Basic." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the very first minutes of the film we see a pretty normal scene with a few people in a bar. They are talking, talking and in the end all the usual things we all talk about are said to each other in the bar. We see some girls talking to each others, I think. And then suddenly a guy shows up with some kind of device that causes people to fall down, I know.  The device works, and there is some weird effects with it that I can't understand, but I just can't stop laughing because I feel like i have seen this movie before. The movie isn't that bad, the story is weak, the plot isn't stupid and it just all ends in a very strange way. The plot was interesting and the ending was a strange twist of a bad idea. The camera was also very weird, the editing was awful, and the sound was very fake. The whole movie is bad, and i don't know what was supposed to be funny in the whole movie. It could be a good movie if the movie is well directed and the actors are good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the classic American pie, the cast and crew of this film seem to have made this film worse than the original, by focusing solely on the sexual frustrations of the lead characters.  I don't know what was going on in the minds of these people, but I did not laugh, nor did I care! In fact, I was not even sick during this film, because the director was so desperate to find someone funny that he ended up watching porno-dramas.  The film was bad, and at times the film was so bad I wanted to slap my head. The worst part of the film is the soundtrack. It is so bad that I gave it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not only the acting that is bad and the writing, it is not the plot, it really has nothing to do with the whole movie. It has nothing real to do and the characters are all un-satisfying, the script is not convincing at all, the story is not clear, and the acting is poor at best. I mean... what is the point of watching this movie, after the first ten minutes...   The ending... I mean.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the title of this movie, the writer/director says something like, "I'm gonna try to tell the truth." He was really just trying to. He did not know.  I think this movie is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It has been shown on a few different stations, so I can't really remember the name of the channel.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a very strong plot, and it is just that. The first 5 minutes of the film are OK, and the movie is good. But after the first half an hour, you can see the script has fallen apart. You see how it just follows a very similar plot with a similar end, but not the same thing.  The end was very disappointing.  I did like the plot. There is not one funny line. The ending could have been very interesting, but I think it was just there for the sake of it.  It is very much like a train wreck. The plot is just boring.  And that is just for the plot and the acting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story behind this film is a waste of time. It is a story of people getting lost in the woods and being stalked by bears. One particular character, a sheriff's deputy, is given a choice between two possible paths, which he can take, but the bear attack leaves him sick and bitter.  This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen. It was made a year ago, I don't think.  The movie starts off with a good, if somewhat corny, opening. The rest of the movie is an exercise in pointless gore and unnecessary violence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a good cast and a good script.  It is not like the first Nightmare series where we are given no explanation why the characters act in the way that they do.  But, then, what does that leave? We just get to see how the characters react to being stuck in the dark and the Nightmare begins.  So, we are left with no explanation for how they feel and the only one that can come to mind that makes any sense at all.  And, that is a very strange situation.  The only thing that was a bit creepy is the ending.  This was a poor example of a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was boring and boring to watch. It is really not entertaining at all. The acting is bad, and the plot was bad. I found myself laughing at the stupid jokes. I mean really stupid.  This movie had a really boring ending and a stupid ending.  I think this movie should have a 1/10 because it was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised at how bad this film is. The characters are so cardboard, so unrealistic, and the plot is so poor, I had to turn the DVD off several times, but I couldn't. The film is about a girl, her friends, and her boyfriend, who are all about the same age. The main characters are the same, from the girls to the guys. I've seen better movies, but this one is crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am going to be blunt and say that this movie is a horrible, unwatchable movie. The story is very weak, and not a single one of the actors in the movie is good. There are a few interesting and decent performances, but nothing compared to the story in the book.   The movie has been reduced to an annoying joke at the beginning. I was watching it with my friend's dog, and the joke was the only thing that made me laugh. The other annoying part of the movie was the characters.  I don't recommend the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I hadn't already guessed that this movie was a waste of time before watching, I would have stopped watching the movie halfway through.  I can't imagine why.  The acting is horrible, the script is bad, the sound is bad and the story is horrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an insult to the person who wrote the movie "Mighty Morph" (the original cartoon, for those that don't know, was created by famed Disney animator Larry Gurkowitz and ran on his own website until he died in 2006). This movie, however, was nothing more than a stilted excuse for an insult. It was a piece of crap. It wasn't funny, it wasn't interesting. It is stupid. It isn't entertaining. I was disgusted when I watched it.  I didn't know it had been animated. So I turned it off after 10 minutes and came back to it. I had to turn it back off again. It could have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to go to see this movie, it was terrible. It was so bad, I could only laugh a few times, and even though I was enjoying it I was trying to enjoy it as a joke.  The acting was poor, and the movie is a real disappointment.    The jokes were corny, and could have been written by someone with a high school writing teacher.  I can only recommend this movie for the time you need to kill. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of days ago I heard about this movie. I've seen it 3 times and I can't get enough. I think I have to be the only person who saw it because no one else wanted to. I watched it because I love bad movies and this is no exception.  I was watching the movie because I was bored and tired of all the bad acting and the bad directing. The plot is not realistic and it was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.  Don't bother with this movie...it will bore you to tears and leave you totally disgusted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my friends at a midnight screening of a movie called "Halloween" and I thought it was alright. I also saw it with a group of other people and thought it wasn't too bad.  The movie has a very low budget and a lot of actors in it. The movie is extremely corny and not scary in any way. There are some good scares in the movie but they are very few and far between and most of the rest of the movie is boring and nothing special.    If you like this movie, then I recommend not even watch it. It will not scare you and you will not like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing more I can say about this movie than what I have said about "The Real World" (yes, it was "The" show, which was also called "The Island"). The characters in "The House That Dripped Blood" were so shallow and unrealistic and one-dimensional that you wouldn't even recognize them as characters. There is no depth to any of these characters' or the other's story lines. If you're gonna see a show, make sure you're prepared to pay attention to the plot. It's all about this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, the acting was bad, and the movie is worse than the first one.  It was so bad, the plot was so dumb and predictable, that I wanted to fast forward through the film and just get to the good parts. I did watch the end of it, but I was left wanting more.   I am not sure if I should recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes of this movie were so strange that I turned the movie off. The ending was just weird and it made no sense. There was no explanation of what happened, and the ending made no explanation at all. I had to rewind and fast forward through the entire movie. The movie is so unbelievably, and so boring, that I was ready to turn it off.  It starts out well, and after 40 min of meandering, the story really sinks down and you can't wait to see the end.  The story is a mess of cliches and bad writing. I felt as if I was watching an episode of an old soap opera. It was so bad, that you couldn't understand it at all, and at the end you just think "why did I waste my time watching it?" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that kept me watching the whole thing was the beginning and the end credits. That seemed to be the only thing which kept me. The whole thing seemed to go off the rails.  This movie seems to be one big joke after another.   This film is terrible. It is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was awful. I was looking for something interesting. But what i got was a typical low budget film. The movie had bad script, bad directing, horrible cinematography and bad music... The only thing good about the movie was the music. The songs were annoying, the lyrics was bad. And the movie looked really really fake.  The only good is that the director didn't look into the subject and was lazy with the money.  I give this a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is really bad with this movie is that it really, really, does nothing other than make you laugh.  I know, I know it's an old movie, I just think it's funny and the story is lame.  There are some really, truly awful things in the movie, like the one where the little kid comes in with the new clothes and all he gets is a plastic doll.  What really bothers me about this movie, is that the acting is bad and the plot is terrible.   It's a waste of time, and if you want to waste your time on this movie you are really in for a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole film is a giant insult to the intelligence of the viewer. In the beginning, a boy with a little more intelligence than normal decides to go into a library and read a book. But instead of reading, he starts a massive book collection. The collection grows and he finishes his work and then starts his book collection all over again. When he reads the book he reads to his own satisfaction, he finishes reading the book to anyone else. This is the end of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few words are required to be honest. There is a plot - it has been done many times before.  In the last hour I was really wondering why it had to be so long. The film had a really bad last 5 minutes. The ending is not the worst - it was just the stupidest and I think the director got the idea.  I was so frustrated with the film.  The plot was very weak and I had to watch it thinking that maybe I will get the chance to give my 1/10, but it was not.   The end came as such a surprise. I was thinking, "Did this just happen?" The film ended on such a high note, that I was not able to watch the end.  It had all the clichés.  One thing that made me sad was the fact that the director had some really good acting skills and had some nice moments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was the original title of this movie? The title of "I Love Lucy" could have easily been changed to "I'm sorry I loved this movie".    I saw the movie when it was first released and I think I may have had the original intention of watching it, but when Lucy turned out to be a really awful movie, I couldn't take my eyes off my screen.   And when you consider that the title could be the title for the entire movie, then I'm sure that "I" in the title doesn't mean "I love" Lucy, or that I love Lucy in a way that is similar to a lot of the other Lucy-related flicks.  "I've had it with Lucy for 5 years now" is the kind of movie that has nothing to recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is terrible.  The script is bad, the story is terrible, the direction is poor, and there is nothing more to say.  So the final episode of "Doctor Who" is simply awful.   I have no idea what happened.  I'm shocked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really a big joke. It's nothing more than a big insult. I don't even like the jokes that the movie makes, they are just plain dumb.  The movie is a mess and really the movie is just a mess.  I have a feeling that the guy who wrote this movie is one of the fans of the movie, maybe he was too mean to the movie and his feelings got the best of him and he decided to ruin it.   The script is weak, it doesn't even contain jokes. The director should really think about rewriting the whole movie and maybe that's why I didn't like it as much as I did.  As I watched the movie I couldn't even laugh at it. It was just terrible and I can't even express my hatred for the movie.  If you want to see a good movie with your friends, rent "Hilarious" and "Whipped" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the original, you will not be disappointed. If you did not like the original you will see that it is a completely different movie. I just wish that there were more of them...and i am not talking about the new version with the same plot.  This movie is a piece of crap. If i would have known about this movie, i would of been more mad at the fact that it was not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As it has been pointed out in the other comment, this is the worst film I've ever seen. I just didn't laugh in it, nor was it the worst movie I've seen, nor would it be the only movie I would rent if I could. I didn't know what the joke was, I only knew that my friend hated it, so I decided to rent it. I must admit, I had a good time watching it. My wife didn't even bother to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of this movie were interesting, and seemed like a good start to a fascinating story.  But as soon as the first scene, which takes place in a bar, the movie is completely boring and has no real story. The movie doesn't make up its mind, and there are too many coincidences and subplots to explain.  I guess if the first twenty were interesting and exciting, they wouldn't make such an attempt to tell a story in the first place.  In fact, the story of the first 20 minutes sounds like a very interesting one, but after that, you are left with nothing. The only thing that makes the movie worth a watch are the great acting by Denzel Washington and some of the others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie last night, and it's horrible. It is so bad, I cannot even write a summary of it. It's the kind of movie that is bad, that is so badly done, that I really did not even laugh at it.  I don't think this movie is funny, and I really do not recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has no heart at all. I mean really, it could have been a great great film with some great acting. It's not really.  The story is about a bunch of bickering housewives who get in an argument with their husbands about whether or not they should have to live together. The movie is an attempt to show that women are just whiny, whining and crying and that they are only living for themselves. And they are the only ones who can make the decision to take on a life of their own.  If there was any real point to the movie, it was that women who are in the middle of a relationship with a guy will only feel fulfilled if they have a life that they can truly be proud of. That they don't have to be liberated by men or lose their self-esteem through marriage. And what is a feminist when she has a life she thinks she has to live for and is ready to be a homemaker and have a family?   This movie was a disaster for me. The film could have really made it to a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a group of men, one of them is a wimp who wants to be a hero and ends up in a situation where he has to choose between his wimp friends and his wife. One by one, his wimpy friends try to kill him off.  Then it starts to get silly and silly, it becomes a parody of the movie "101 Dalmatians" where the wimp is the hero. The wimp stays loyal and the group of losers, led by the wimples, have to put up with them.   The plot of the whole movie is nothing more than a bad rip off of the "101" movie. In the "Dinosaur Rex" it is more like the movie, "101", where you just don't care for the characters, they are just mindless drones. And that is the thing that makes this movie a bad one.  It's not funny because it's not very good, but it is very, very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews, saw the ratings. I had high expectations. But I still managed to watch this movie. I was so embarrassed. I didn't like it. I just saw how low the expectations were. I expected a good film. I watched it because I wanted to see the real story of how this person did it.  The movie tells the story of a man who gets caught up in a life of addiction. He doesn't want to be caught in a drugstore and find a way to stay clean. He takes up a life doing things he's not supposed to do and tries to find ways to help himself. I'm sorry, he should have known better. He should have left.  This is not a real story, this is a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I went to the movie with my friend and she thought it was funny.  Well she was wrong. It was absolutely awful.  The only thing that was funny was the "Lemon sole" (?) song from the movie. The rest of the movie was just crap was crap. I mean, c**p.  I guess I could forgive a movie that was this bad, but not this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst film I've seen. It's one hour too long. I'm wondering how much more I could sit through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of us sat down to watch this and were dismayed. The acting was horrible, the script was weak and the plot was just terrible. The director should have walked off the project before it was finished and the actors should leave the project at least partially completed.  This movie is just so un-funny. The whole thing is a complete bore and it's really, really dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What a mess...  I bought this DVD a few years back, and sat down to watch it, but I can't wait for it to end. I have watched it all... It was boring, the characters were predictable and uninteresting.  The only good thing in the whole film is that I didn't see any special effects at the beginning, but at the end of it all I saw... The special effects were good, but they were not special enough to be good.  This was just a horrible film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script was a weak and badly written and the movie was an absolutely poor imitation of a sitcom. The movie is, in a word, crap. It's bad movie. It is nothing more.  The characters are so wooden and poorly developed and I found myself disliking them the whole time. The acting is terrible. The script is stupid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a really poor and awful film with a really bad script and really no interesting plot line. The acting is awful, the directing is horrible, and the ending is really bad. I am really surprised that a movie with this much talent managed to get produced in such a short time.  If you enjoy watching movies that have a good script, a good directing, and a good ending... this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a lot of bad horror films. Some are good but not that scary. This movie wasn't scary, I mean if your a horror film fan and you see this movie its not scary, its just boring. The special effects were very bad, the story was terrible.  There was no real story, just bad acting and boring cinematography.  The characters in the movie were so idiotic that I nearly fell asleep. The sound was so bad that I almost fell asleep after the sound track.  I am glad that i wasted time with this movie, I am really surprised how it got so much 1 star.   This is one of those movies that you would expect from a group of friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was a bad waste of time. I'm a little disappointed with the ending, but then again it was a mediocre film. I guess the point is to make the movie have a real message. Maybe if I were a more intelligent person, I would have been able to make sense of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is the most pathetic movie ever made.  It is badly directed, badly acted and the worst I have ever seen. The story is not realistic, not interesting and not interesting at all.  The cast is also mediocre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how this movie could have been made. There was no script. The characters were all one-dimensional and it's difficult to care about the characters when they are not really human beings. I guess the best thing to do was to just make a film about a bunch of people getting killed off one by one. It's not that I have seen a horror film that has this kind of stuff. The thing is that the film really doesn't have much gore. It is very cheesy.  The acting is bad. The script is weak and the story is bad and I really hope the filmmakers can't come up with anything good.  If you want a good horror movie with good gore and decent actors and a good story, this is a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As the title suggests, this movie is nothing more than a waste of time. I'd say the director is an idiot for doing such a bad film, as it is in every single scene I have ever seen him in. And even worse, this film is nothing but a waste. The only good thing about this film, is the fact that I'm a huge movie nut, and this is the only film I have seen in which I have been able to watch a decent film.  My advice from the bottom of my heart - if you like this film don't bother watching the movie again, it's not worth the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen. It was badly paced, the acting was bad, and the editing was bad. I can't imagine anyone enjoying this movie, let alone spending 20 minutes of my life watching it. It is truly pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely terrible. I don't see how I can review it. If you don't like watching films that are just devoid of sex, violence and a good time for the audience, this is the movie for you.  If you like a good plot and good humor, this isn't the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was horrible - it was just not scary at all - and just not frightening. The main thing was the music, which was boring. The sound effects and the voices of the main characters were just bad. It was the sound of a horror movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very silly movie with a really bad plot is, unfortunately, not something to recommend. It's not funny. It is very dull and has not a lot of laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, let me say I liked the first 15 minutes of this film... but after that I started to get annoyed. It started off with an interesting story and a nice but twisted plot, and the plot of this movie is very, very bad. The plot is not a story, but is very uninteresting and is very not well done at all. The movie is not interesting at all, but the acting is awful. I mean, the only thing that was interesting was the way the movie was shot. The direction was terrible, and after watching the film I was not even mad. It was just boring. I think I was mad after about 40 minutes... but I don't know. I was just very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is very silly, very trite, and has a very poor flow. It is not funny, the film is very disappointing, and the characters are uninspiring. The only reason I give this movie a rating of 4/10 is because of the actors who try hard to make the film more entertaining by constantly making up dialog that just doesn't exist in real life.  The whole movie makes it seem like the director wanted to insult the viewer by making a comedy about the fact that the director is a serial killer who gets to live in a place where he is out of danger of being killed by the police. I do not know if I have seen this movie, or if I was one of the people who gave this movie the lowest rating.  I think this movie was only watch for the laugh factor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to watch this movie for the 1st time, but was so bored that I actually fell asleep at the screen. The story was so tepid that you could actually predict the end, since there was nothing else to it. The ending had everything. The beginning, the middle, and the end... You had the acting, the cinematography, the direction, the editing, everything. It was so bad, and I could even predict that the ending was going to be a bad one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time, and after this I was left completely disgusted. The plot was boring, the acting was bad and the movie itself was just a waste of time. If you want to laugh at the jokes in this movie, they are so old and badly written that you should be forced to write them for yourself.  If you think about it, this movie was made for the fans, not for the actual moviegoers. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a real film buff, but this film is so bad, that I feel like I've been watching the movie from the beginning! I am just hoping that the director is trying to show a little class to the audience, but it didn't work at all. It's just too bad, and I don't know how they could have made this film in the beginning.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been a fan of "Shanghai" for as long as I can remember, and I was quite surprised to see how bad the movie is, at the beginning, and that it is not really bad, and neither is it a remake of anything else.   The script is bad, the acting is bad and the plot is a big waste of money. The direction is a disappointment.  The only thing that could be good is that the whole movie seems to be a waste of time and money.  What this movie does do is make the fans hate the bad movie.  This movie is not worth the money you would expect from a HK movie, which is nothing, I mean nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In order to see this film, one must think in the worst way possible. It's not funny, it's not interesting, and it's boring beyond all. The acting is so terrible, the movie has no real plot, and just isn't interesting enough to make it worth watching.  The acting was bad and the film was boring.  I'm really surprised that this movie got an audience of people who saw it with the expectations that it deserved.   I'd like to know how I could get my money back after watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were expecting a comedy about a couple of high school kids who made a bet with each other, I would be inclined to give this movie a shot. The plot is predictable and the acting is bad, the plot is terrible. The special effects are cheap, the sound effects are bad, and the whole thing is so unbelievably cheap and poorly written that I almost fell asleep after seeing it. If you want to laugh out loud just think about how bad this movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it is just awful. I have to see this movie, I don't know what to do. The director should be ashamed of himself. The cinematography is horrible. The script is terrible. The sound is horrible, the script is bad, and the story is so, boring.   The only good thing in this movie is the music. The soundtrack is horrible and boring. The special effects are very fake. The editing is bad. The effects are bad.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "Stargate". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing new here, nothing interesting, nothing, no plot, no characters, and no real meaning to this film, but what does that tell you?    This film is a collection of the worst dialogue I have ever heard. The whole film is an excuse for a pointless story that is boring and predictable, and the ending is a big lie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about some dumb kid who comes back to his old high school and takes revenge on his tormentors, who are now dead.  The revenge plot is lame, and the movie is just horrible.  In the end, the losers is reduced to ashes, and some blood comes to the eye of the beholder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the first one then you will enjoy this movie.  If there is anything that has been written for this film it has been completely destroyed.  The acting is nothing short of awful. The characters are all one-dimensional.  I am a real person with real life problems and I am glad that I spent a few hours of my life watching this piece of crap.  It has not one redeeming quality.  There is nothing good about it except for the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very glad I didn't spend my money on the DVD release of this film because the film is so bad. The sound quality is very bad, and the cinematography is not that good. The characters are stupid and I just don't understand why, because I do not get it. The story is weak, and is just plain boring. The director tries to make the film look good, but fails in the end. The movie just goes from bad to bad, but then gets worse and worse. I just do not understand how bad this movie is.  I have seen many bad movies in my time, but this is just the worst.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are under 6 years old and enjoy a good laugh you should give this show a try. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As the credits rolled, the director, P. J. Soles, was reduced to his art. It is hard to believe that this was his first movie.  I saw the movie in an art gallery. There were some interesting images, but nothing serious.  The movie starts out with a couple of shots of a hand and some other stuff. They keep on coming, until it ends with the hand and one of the pictures.   If this is a good film, then it should be removed from public view. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film on the opening day. I had a feeling that it would be a good movie, and after the opening credits I was let down. The script seemed to be more about a scriptwriter than the movie itself. I could not wait for it to end.  This movie was awful, I mean come on. The acting was terrible. The camera was too zoomed in, and the editing was bad. I think the director should have stopped before he started editing the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with some friends who are huge movie buffs. I did not enjoy the film at all. It is, in my opinion, a movie about how to get a date with a woman. The script is extremely weak and doesn't add anything new. The characters are bad. The acting is not good. The story is weak. The film is not funny. I have never seen a film that was this bad. I am guessing this film is a complete waste of time and a waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had some good moments, and the acting was OK. The plot is OK, and it wasn't too bad.  The movie wasn't bad at all. I have to admit I was kind of expecting a sequel to "Basic Instinct". It was not a good movie, and I will give it credit for the plot, and that it was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A movie that was bad enough, it wasn't funny. I mean, this is a movie that could be good without the laughs of Justin Timberlake and has to be funny in order to be good.  The story is so unoriginal and stupid that it's not even funny that I'm able to watch it. The whole movie is so bad it's good I give it two out of ten.  I watched it with my girlfriend and she said it was "cheeseless, stupid" and that she wanted to see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie with this title, the acting is bad, the script is bad and the directing is bad.  The story is a bad, boring, predictable and boring movie with no real reason.  I would like to be able to say that I am shocked by the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am really surprised at this movie. I mean wow.  I had heard good things about it but had not seen it yet. So far, I was looking for a thriller/action type of movie, and found one that fits.  It was like watching a bad slap stick comedy that was very badly directed and very cheesy. I saw it and it was really awful.  The movie was so badly, that it failed on every level. The acting was bad and the jokes were corny. I am just giving it a 3 out of 10, I would have given it a zero if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that it's bad. It's bad bad. I mean, you can't even make a fun movie out of this mess.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm an American movie-watcher.  I can't believe it's just me.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It is a total waste of time, the only reason I watched this movie was because of the cast.   The acting was terrible, the story was boring and the characters were very clichéd. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am always wondering why people give this movie such a low rating. I just found it to be very predictable and over-dramatized. I was expecting a nice happy ending, but this movie does not deliver. The only happy ending that I have seen was the very last scene in the movie where all of the cast are together in a bar and it was just awful. I could not care less what happened next. The movie just coasted along and was boring. I guess the director did a good job, but he could not have taken out the happy ending he had.  The ending is just so disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot was pretty silly. It started out good, but it got a little better. The characters were flat, and there wasn't a lot of gore and suspense. The special effects were pretty good, and the story was boring.   It wasn't too bad, but not bad. I give it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this movie, I felt as if it was the worst movie I've ever seen. The story of a bunch of misfits in their 20s who are trying to live their dream lives of their dreams, was a painful thing to watch.  The acting was the lowest thing I've seen, but the movie is nothing more than a collection of plot, and the plot itself was horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not even close to the actual story. I just saw the movie because my roommate's brother-in-law insisted on watching it. I did not pay attention to any of the other actors in the movie, and only cared about the ending. It is not even that bad that the movie was. It was bad that it was a movie.  The acting is bad. I cannot believe how bad it was. The movie is awful.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone unless you want to waste more time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I liked about this movie was the acting. It was just awful. The acting was bad. The plot was bad and the ending was just bad. I mean this was so bad I gave it a 3 instead of the 1 it really deserved. The only good thing was the movie is so short I felt like I watched it all and just wished that it would end. If you want to watch a good movie don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two reasons why this movie could be so much better. One reason is the story, which is the only reason to watch the movie in the first place. The other reason is that it's directed by Richard Shepard and there's nothing like Richard Shepard, who directed a lot of great, great movies, and this one is no exception.  This is a movie that lacks the story line that could have been told with the plot. And the story is the first reason. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I liked about the movie was the ending which left a bad ending and that was that.  It could have been much much better if the movie wasn't about how it ended up after all and just had some fun and was over done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first half of this movie, you will like the movie. If you like the third quarter, you don't.  The movie is boring, the acting is bad, and the story is terrible.  In the first hour, I thought the movie was interesting. In the end, I had stopped caring. I don't think I will waste your time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first hour of the movie was quiet. The movie was pleasant to watch, the first few minutes were funny. The rest of the film was not interesting. The plot was not funny.   I like the idea of the woman in the movie that is killed by the gun in the beginning of the story. The idea of her getting killed by a stray bullet is a good idea. The fact that it's a woman in a car is not interesting, as is the fact that the gun is not pointed at her. The acting is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am just glad to see that a great director like Steven Soderbergh managed to get the ball rolling again. The only good thing about this movie is that it doesn't look like the Soderberg masterpiece that I thought it was. It doesn't have that great a cast either, it doesn`t look as good as the original SoderBERG movie. The story is the same, Soderbery tries to get it over and over again, while the movie tries to keep it simple. The ending is a stupider.  I guess I`m going to give this movie the benefit of the doubt, but I really don`t know. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the acting was bad, I mean the movie was awful. I don't think I'll ever see a bad, bad movie again.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "My Favorite Martian" (which is just a different kind of movie).  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that really should be watched in moderation... and I am surprised that this movie has been in production for the past 7 years... It is sad that a film which has the potential to be great could be made... It reminds me alot of the films made during the seventies.. I mean the only way this movie would be bad would be if it was good.. if it were good it would be great.. I think I would like to see some more of the movie and to be honest..it has got to be the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part of the movie is pretty good, then comes the scene where the main character gets killed in a forest, and gets reincarnated as an angel with a dark past, who is destined to kill again the main heroine. This is a bad story, the ending is weak, and the plot is very boring.  This movie was horrible, I gave it a 1 out of 10 just because of the good acting.  I give it a 2 out of 4, because the angel is good, and so are the other characters. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are hoping for an interesting movie this is not it. I have seen better films and I have to give them credit for some of the better ones.  The plot is really not that interesting at all, it is really really a waste of time and effort.  My biggest problem with this film was the lack of interesting characters and situations. I am honestly surprised at how boring it is.   Overall, this film is really a bad film, the only thing that I like about it is the acting, it was the director's bad decision to waste his time on this.  I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people don't understand that movies don't have to be that much of a plot. They should try to understand that a movie's not necessarily supposed to have a beginning and an end, but to have an ending and be able to continue with another movie is bad acting and bad writing. The ending of the movie is nothing more than the beginning of the first movie. That's the entire movie. I've seen it all.   I understand this movie has been put on the DVD because a lot of the viewers don't even know that they watched it. They're just seeing what looks like a comedy, but I can't say that it's not. I was so mad at the ending that I gave it a 3. I'm still mad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is really bad. They could have easily given it a little more depth. They spent more time on the character development and not enough on the story line. They should have focused more on character development. The characters should have been able to develop a more believable plot. It could have been much more of a story. I mean this was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a few years ago that the remake of 'The Last Picture' had a pretty good pedigree, and was well done, I thought. I would agree, it was the most disappointing movie I've seen.  There was absolutely no real story and the movie only got more bad performances after an hour. The story was about a guy who's got a wife, and a dog, and they live in a big old house with a swimming pool and a big lawn. This movie is an embarrassment.  The story is stupid and the acting is bad. The plot is stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an actor, I have seen many bad movies. This one was awful. I was expecting something great to come out. I wanted it to be something great, and I am not going to spoil anything. It was just awful. The film starts with the sound of an empty sled, and then abruptly switches to an all out assault. It's just horrible, the film is bad and not funny.  The story is about a sleazy old lady who wants revenge for the death of her sister who she blames for her sister's death. This revenge is not only because of the sister's cheating or for her death, but is for killing her own brother's wife in the first place. I can't believe how they are still living in the house they used to live in as adults. This movie is a joke, I swear it's a joke.  I think I can watch this film and I will not waste my time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, let me just say. I'm not a big fan of the movie, but this movie was horrible. It was painful.  The plot was stupid. I mean, I mean this movie is the worst movie I have ever seen. I think it's a pity the acting was good, since I'm all for a good story, and the plot was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like to watch a lot of movies with a plot then this movie is for you.  The movie starts out with an absolutely idiotic ending and ends with absolutely no conclusion.   The director tried to be clever with his plot line, the acting was terrible, and the story was just idiotic.  If this movie had just been a parody of "Dressed to Kill" then I would say it was a success. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a film student, I really did like it and thought the first half of it was very boring. However, as soon as the second half started I really started getting impatient. And it wasn't a bad film, it was just a terrible film. I mean, just a horrible movie.  I was able to understand what the director was trying to say, and it did not work for me at all.  The plot is pretty standard stuff and nothing special about it, which is a bad thing to see. I can't even write an essay on this because it's not a great film, and I don't want to spoil anything for those who want to know the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As it has been stated, this movie was a terrible movie. There were about ten good moments and it all looked really good. The ending was very bad. The acting was terrible. The movie is just a bad mess.  The movie does nothing new. The only good parts were the great scenes that came before the good moments.  This is really an anti-climax movie. It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be more generous if I did not laugh once. I did laugh a couple of times and even got a little bored.  The main plot was just silly and pointless. I don't know how this movie could have been made without the humor.  It really is not that bad. I just found the movie very stupid. The jokes were not funny, and the jokes were stupid.  I am not sure if this is a good movie, but I am very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where the writer goes into a really bad movie about a real estate development in Maryland. The real estate developers want to sell it to a guy with money to make a movie about how Maryland has become such a bad place. It's all a pretentious and self-indulgent movie. The only thing that made it good was the real estate agent, the real Marylandans and the real developers. This movie is one big, self-absorbed, pretentious, dull, boring, unimaginative and without any real story. The acting is so bad I could watch the same thing over and over again and still see the same characters. The plot is so thin and the story is so predictable that I felt like I was watching a bad sitcom that is completely devoid of any meaning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is possibly the worst film I have ever seen. It is filled with pointless plot, cheap humor, and pointless acting. The worst part of it is the music. I mean, this is a bad, bad film.    If you liked the first one, then you will hate this movie. The movie is so bad, and so disappointing, that you will actually laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't see how this movie could be worse than this. The first 5 minutes were interesting, and I guess it showed a nice view of the woods. Then I got this feeling that it was going to be good and I would enjoy it. It was just a very dull movie.  This movie is not a bad film, but a really boring one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be extremely pointless and disappointing... The characters are uninspired and there is no real plot... The movie reminds me of a bad high school play.  The plot is really bad... the acting is bad, and the direction really is not realistic... I was waiting for something to happen, and it never did... The plot has little to do with the play...  I watched the movie because my friend wanted to see it, but she found it boring and unbelievable... I really think the movie should have been canceled because the director is not credible and he should quit acting in this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first thing that struck me in "Whipped" was how much the people who made the movie, the crew, the actors, the producer/director etc., could care about. In the same way I can't understand why this movie was not shot in a beautiful setting like it could have been in the studio back in the '30s. The production values are low, and the movie is dull. I found myself asking myself, are the people that you're watching for really that interested in making this film? I mean, if this is the case, why do you want to waste your time? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was pretty bad. A lot of the plot is left unexplained and it ends with an unexplained twist at the end that is never fully explained. The movie is very badly written and the characters are mostly un-solved. This is the kind of movie that Hollywood should never allowed to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three minutes of this film were good but after that I was really let down. I could see the director was trying to get me into the film but he really failed in that. The script was stupid and the acting was poor. The characters were not interesting and they were not all the usual "likable" characters. It felt as if I was watching a "Hollywood" movie. The plot was slow and not convincing. The direction was too predictable and didn't go in depth into the characters or story at the end.  There are a lot of small details that don't fit in the story, like the way they shot this movie. They are all good, that's why it's so short.  If you like to watch old Hollywood films, this is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title of this film is a parody of "Gandhi's classic novel about a group of young ladies of his age who have been duped by a very wealthy woman who wants to marry her niece and has to find a way to make her believe in love and in marriage.  The movie is a bad, boring and uninteresting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching animals getting hurt and tortured, then this movie is for you.  The acting was poor, the writing was bad, the sound was bad and I could barely see the movie.  If I had seen the movie I would have been forced to watch it all.  This movie is so bad that it is good. It really is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a big, pathetic mess.  It is like the movie was shot with a bad video camera and the sound was horrible.  The actors should be ashamed to show their face in a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you don't like watching a horror film and don't think the acting is too much, you might enjoy the film. It is the worst film I have ever seen and the acting was not bad at all.  The story was bad.  I think the movie was good.  It was not scary at all, and I think it was the ending that was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films you can't watch on TV unless you're very, very, VERY desperate for anything else.  The only thing that made this movie was the great acting and plot. It is a waste of time.  I gave this movie a rating of 0/10 because of the fact that it had the same acting from "Titanic" as "Titantilla" had in "Tritantilla". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film at a local flea market on a Saturday night with my cousin who works at a nearby bakery and said "I'm gonna see this movie again, man. I don't care, man."  The plot is weak and the acting is bad.  I gave it a 3 only because the 3rd part looked like the best part of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's really not much more to say, but I'll just be blunt and say that the main reason for me is because this movie was so awful. I mean, I really wanted to like it, but the whole movie is really terrible.   I watched this movie because I was sick of it, and I am sick of watching movies that are this bad, this boring.  I mean this movie could have been so much more fun. If it had a lot more entertainment, I might have been more entertained, and the movie wouldn't have been such a big waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a lot of clichés, clichés that are just to be expected from the genre, which is the only thing that could make this movie so terrible...  The script is really awful. The actors are so one dimensional. The plot is really dumb and the ending was the worst of the bunch. The director tried really hard to be original and failed miserably.  This movie is so bad, that it actually deserves an R rating, it's just bad. The story is really bad and the movie really is not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that could have been better is if the movie had just been shot in black and white and the ending had been changed to reflect the true story of the real killer.  It is not that I am trying to be dramatic. It is that I wanted to be able to understand why people behave the way they do, and it was not easy to understand, nor is it necessary to say that these people are mentally ill.  I am surprised at the number of movies that do not have this type of ending in them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would like to see an independant movie in the first place, but after watching this one i was so disappointed, and i mean really, disgusted. It was the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. The acting was bad, the script was terrible. The characters were horrible. The story was boring. And i know that's not a word, because the script is not worth commenting on. I would give this movie a rating of FOUR HUNDRED MILLION. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even begin to describe how bad this movie was. I know it was a very bad movie. I was so disgusted by the violence, the gore, the torture and the death. I mean, it was so bad, that I was in tears after watching it. It was terrible. The characters were stupid and the movie was so god awful, that it made me sick. I could watch it over and over and just keep getting angry at it. I felt so angry, and I wanted to throw up.  This movie is just so bad. There was nothing to like about this movie. If you want to watch a good movie, then watch this one. I'm giving it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie for the second time... It is not funny, and not even worth watching, in the beginning... It just does not have any special character...  In the beginning the characters are not funny... they are so dumb and not able to communicate...  But when they are forced to act like this...  I was very disappointed... I think it is the director who should be ashamed... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say that I am a big B movie buff and I enjoy a good laugh.  Now to the movie... I don't see how you could like a B movie like this. It's just not realistic. I mean, if you were to make a movie about a man who is going through his day, you would be like this guy: 1) he gets up, gets dressed, takes a shower, gets into his car, goes to work, 2) he drives to work and gets into a car accident, 3) he comes home, takes off his clothes, puts them on, 4) he's at home, he gets food, 5) he goes to a funeral, 6) he sees his wife, and 7) he doesn't get a phone call from his wife.  That's the movie I like, I think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some pretty funny films and I can't see why this one isn't. It could be because I have a sense of humor and am not so much of it as I am of the "mood".  However, I'm not sure why this film was so bad...   I do think the acting was okay, but the script was so weak, it would have been good to laugh at the jokes if the jokes weren't so fake...  I just don't know how you can come up with such a pathetic script and still get laughs from the audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. The script was poor. The plot was predictable. The humor was bad.  If you are a guy that likes to laugh at bad movies, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to start out by saying that I found this film to be very boring and very tatty, and I can't complain. The movie is nothing more than a poorly written piece of cliche and bad movie with no real story line. The acting is the worst I have seen and the script is very badly written and has little resemblance to actual events. The plot line is non-existent and the movie is not good at all.  The movie starts out with a man with a gun that shoots at the girl that just got raped. She gets up, and then he shoots again and kills her. I don't know what he was thinking. The girl gets up and walks away from the guy, and he just continues shooting at her.  This is supposed to be a great story, but you know what? It doesn't. The man is not believable and I find it annoying. He shoots her from behind and just gets away with nothing to show for his work.  I just think that the director was trying to make this movie even worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot line is pretty poor, the characters are boring, the plot is weak, and there's no chemistry or development. All of the characters in this film are so lightweight and uninspired, that it's hard to believe that it actually cost them anything. I just wish that the actors were actually funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first hour of this movie is so awful. The only thing that kept me watching it was that I could not figure out where the acting was coming from, or why. I was so bored and sick of the acting and acting that I wanted to just fast forward through it and never got the feeling of watching a movie I could never get, or a movie that was so awful that I couldn't stop laughing and I kept wanting to watch the rest of it. I mean, you can tell that I don't like movies by sitting on a sofa. I don´t know if this movie had a lot of good acting or not, but, I guess it does, so I can´t say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked this film then you will probably also enjoy the following, even though they are about a different movie altogether:    I do give credit for the plot of this film: if you have seen "The Rookie", "The Rock", or "Manos", you'll probably like it as well.  The only thing that I liked about "The Manos" was the "flash back" gimmick (in which you're supposed to see a scene from the past). The rest of the movie was bad, boring, and boring.  My rating: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie called "Whale Music" the lead singer, a guy named "Preston", and his girlfriend, a girl named "Lisa" all start making a music video. They are supposed to be making a musical together, but there's a plot twist at the end where Preston's song is the one that has the most meaning. The movie is completely uninteresting, has bad songs and the music video has bad effects. I think the movie was better when the lead and his girl had a better plot and better songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story and the acting is terrible. I saw this movie on late night television and it made me sick to my stomach. It is bad acting, bad direction, horrible writing, bad special effects, horrible script. I would watch this movie over and over until I gave up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie with the same kind of expectation as when I went to the dentist.  I was very let down.  The first time I tried to watch this movie I was so discouraged I turned it off. It didn't take long before I turned the DVD off and got up to go to bed. I stayed in the movie until the end.  And I can honestly say I didn't laugh at all throughout. I mean, how could you expect a movie to be this terrible? It was horrible. It was laughably bad.  It was so bad that I didn`t want to go out to get groceries, I didn´t want my family to know about this movie, I wanted to laugh at it. I even stopped my dog from jumping on the car. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen the movie a few days ago and i am absolutely shocked that it is only the first one i have seen. The other one is the "new" movie. This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the original movie. The plot is absolutely terrible and the special effects are absolutely terrible.  The movie is not even a parody of the first movie. There is nothing to recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I do?   I don't understand how someone can say "I hate black people" and not enjoy the fact that most black people, especially those who don't like them, don't know that this is a racist movie. I do know that the director, for all his good efforts, was not successful.  If you like "The Black Cat" or any other racist film that is made to perpetuate racial hatred, then this movie is not one to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes were okay, but I really couldn't wait to see the second one! I was just waiting for the plot to hit, so I started watching it. And I didn't want to stay long, because I was so bored. It was not a good movie, and I hope you don't take it seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very disappointing. It's very bad, very weak, it is not entertaining at all, the acting is bad, the story is weak, and the script is terrible.  I would have given this movie a 1 only for the good acting.   I give it a 1 just for the fact that I was able to watch all of the movie through to the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was bad and boring and the story was terrible. The actors were terrible.  The characters were not memorable at all.  If I had to choose, I would give this movie a 1 instead of the 1 it so richly deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen more bad movies in the last few years, and I'm sure I'll get some time to watch this one. This was just an embarrassingly bad movie. I saw it just to see if there was a story, and was astonished to find there wasn't. The acting is bad, the story is bad. The plot is terrible. It doesn't make sense, it's just bad. It's just not worth the $6 I paid for it, and you should really watch the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was terrible.  It had a plot.  The acting was terrible, the plot was bad and the end was the most anticlimactic and the ending was the only redeeming quality of this movie.  My rating for this movie: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A lot of bad movies.  There's nothing really special about this movie. There's no story line, no plot. I mean, a few people in it, like John Lithgow and Ed Norton, did really good performances. I guess if you want to see a good movie, like when your friend says "you are so fake, it's good" - then you will like this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of those movies that tries to be good. It tries to make a good film and ends up good. This is a bad film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, i don't really have a comment for this movie...  First, i wanted to see the first part of the movie... The movie starts with a lot of interesting characters... Then we got the main characters...  Well, that's the first time i actually like a movie with a plot... The last time i remember watching a movie was the very first time. So, this movie is really terrible.   There are some interesting plot elements... The main character is really a dumb, dumb person... He can't act...  And there are some characters that are good... i like the movie because of the plot, the characters, and the ending...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie started out as a comedy, but after seeing it, I thought it was a waste of time. The movie starts off funny with some scenes, and it ends with some more jokes. I was waiting for the joke to end, so that's how I feel after this movie. It was very slow and boring and not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title and director have a good pedigree, but they managed to get a lot of mileage out of the same old "drama" formula.  A young woman's best friend, a local lawyer, decides to visit the old woman and warn her of the evil that lurks around her.  After a lot more warning and investigation, the old lady decides that the monster is really after her. She doesn't believe that at first, and after the monster attacks her, she starts to realize that she has to get out of there before it's too late.  The movie really doesn't work out as you would expect, especially considering the low rating of 5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole plot is not really that bad. What really irks me is the use of the title "The Biggest Loser" by the writer. This film is about a couple of people who lose their family home and then try to get it back by going on a quest for revenge. The title "the biggest loser" is a really bad title.  This movie is bad from the acting, bad from script and bad from everything else. It really seems to be an attempt at making a movie about revenge. And there is no plot line to the movie that makes you care what happens to the losers.  In the end, there are only 3 good guys left in the house who have gotten the whole movie in the end and they are not the happy ones who have been put in trouble with bad acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts out with an overly dramatic and boring opening set-up of an escaped prisoner who has escaped from the army and is now hiding out in a small Chinese village. The villagers are so worried about the escaped convict and his potential to start a revolution, they all want to get a good deal of money from the man so they don't try to get the convict to return. Instead, they try to protect the escaped prisoner with their guns, and the ensuing shootout, which leaves the convict and the villagers dead. The film doesn't make much of this point, but it is enough to drive a few people to kill themselves in the film's opening credits. The result is that the film is a weak one-sided documentary on a guy's life, which just drags you in and never quite makes up its mind whether to continue watching or not. The only thing I can say about this film is that it's not bad at all, and that is the only reason to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first hour of the movie is a good attempt at a "Citizen Kane" type film with some good story and some great action. However, there's a lot of blood, guts, and violence. And the only reason that this is a low budget movie is because it stars some of the biggest names in the business.  The actors are bad and the film is really, really bad. I mean, if I were a fan of this film, I'd say I was on "Carnival of Souls."  The story is, well, let's just say it has a very low budget (the actors don't even know what the budget is) and there's not much plot. So it becomes a really bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not sure how to rate this movie. The only good thing I can say about this movie is the story was not told in a very interesting way. The cinematography was poor and the music was so intrusive. I can't see how the story could have been a lot better. The director should really look for the camera man. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the first ten minutes. It had a pretty decent plot but it seemed to drag a bit.  This movie had nothing interesting at all. It just seemed to be a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an incredibly stupid movie. It is so predictable, I think that the actors and the director are trying to hide something, or something doesn't fit together. I could see the comedy and the romance, but the movie didn't take it seriously. I was waiting for something to happen, and nothing happened. The comedy is just lame. The romance is just plain lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the real world at all. I can't understand how it is that the people involved in this project are so stupid. They probably have nothing interesting to do, and it shows. The movie is nothing more than a bad made movie with bad actors, bad story, bad jokes, and bad script. It is a waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As much as I like to see a lot of movies that aren't 100% bad, this was just a bad one.  I am going to try and understand why this movie was so bad. It was the worst movie I have ever seen.  The plot was awful. The acting was bad. The direction was bad, and the editing and sound editing were bad.   The only thing that was good about this movie is the music, and that is the only thing worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was extremely slow and un-explosive, and it just seemed to be trying to be something else.  If it were the only movie I have ever seen that had the right feel I would have given it a 1 instead of a 0.  The plot of this movie seemed to just drag and go no where, and just seemed like it was being filmed with a very low budget.  I would like to see something with a little more substance to it. I mean really, who would have thought a movie this bad would ever get made.    The cast was very poor, the characters didn't come across with any depth at all, and the whole movie was badly written. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It has been said that this movie is about a group of four guys who play the sports and get the worst of the lot, a bunch of bimbos who are in a bet with each other, and a girl who is a stripper who wants to be a hero. The movie is just plain bad and the acting is awful.  I did enjoy the movie and the whole idea was interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First, let me say that I am not a big movie buff, I am just a film student. I found myself wanting to like this film after seeing the preview, the film looked so plain and lifeless, the script was very stupid and the acting was terrible.  I thought the ending was dumb, it was not funny, and I think the director tried to bring on some new life, he should have left well before the ending.  This film was just too boring, not funny or interesting, but not too bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I have seen. I watched this film with a few other friends and found it so terrible. It is so bad that I wanted to stop the movie at a few points and ask the other people to leave. It was not funny and I did not like the fact that the other movie I watched was "The Secret Diary". The acting was so terrible that it was unbelievable. The plot is soooooooo bad I can't believe the movie was made in the first place. It had nothing to recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is little here that is worth your time. If you want to laugh at a bad film then go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of an ambitious scientist who seeks to cure cancer and find a cure for a deadly disease is very strange, but the movie falls flat with some truly idiotic characters.   I was hoping for something a bit different from the first 20 minutes, but it turned out to be just a typical film set in a hospital.  There is a really bad scene in the beginning, where Dr. Zizek is in the middle of a conversation with some sort of character who asks him about his work.  This person is Dr.Zizek, who has been working on his own cures for cancer for some years now. He's a little confused by what he says, so Dr.Davies is in front of him, giving him an earful of ideas.  After a few minutes of this, the movie becomes completely chaotic and incoherent, the characters are all a bunch of clichés, and the entire thing becomes a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not sure what this movie was trying to do. If you want to know the truth about "The Great Race," read this book instead of this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just saw "The Man in the Moon" by Peter Bogdanovich and the story of his attempt to become a great scientist is really not very interesting. Bogdanov's character is so dumb that he has no intelligence. He is an absolutely idiotic person. His character has no personality and he is a complete waste of money.  The story is about a man with a brain damaged wife who gets a strange dream and then tries to tell his dream to the husband who is going to be killed by a meteor. They are stuck in a hotel and the woman who is in the room is the man.  So how can you tell that this is a dream or a real person? Bogdanovic doesn't explain. His characters is so weak that they are useless. They have no emotions, no reactions, no nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been a while since I've seen it on TV, but I must say it didn't make me want to see it again. It was bad enough, but not so much that I felt compelled to see the entire thing again.  This is really a disappointment that I could get through. It's not that I really don't enjoy the material, but it was really too tedious.    I think I will leave you with this final thought...  I do not understand, is this supposed to be a masterpiece of the director, when the entire movie is a failure of the most basic cinematic elements that make a film? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I could describe this movie was the constant and predictable dialogue, and the endless parade of jokes. The only funny parts were the constant bad acting and the terrible jokes.  The whole movie was just bad, the jokes were bad, and I would like to see a little more good humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book and it was just plain awful. I was looking forward to seeing the movie and it wasn't until the movie started that I felt that the whole movie had gone bad. The characters in the book were actually more interesting than the characters in this movie. I mean, the movie was just all one joke and that's all. The only really funny parts were the beginning and the middle part. If I hadn't seen it before seeing the first 10 minutes of the movie I would have probably been more entertained. The movie just didn't have any special effects or anything. I felt the story was very weak and that the director had just gone to town with no skill at all.  I also felt that it would have been nice to see the movie in Spanish instead of in English. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie in hopes that it would make me laugh. It didn't work. The actors were terrible, and I just did not find them funny. I'm glad I saw "Dance With Me" and "U-571" instead of this movie. I really do not know why.  I'm going to try to explain it myself.   If you want to see a funny movie, watch "DANCE WITH ME", because that's what it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was awful. It is like a bad television show. The acting is terrible, the script is bad, and the camera work is bad. The plot was bad. I have never seen anything like this before. It wasn't interesting at all, the camera wasn't steady, and I felt like I was watching a soap. It really reminds me of a bad soap.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm just going to say that the movie wasn't really good, I mean it was really bad, the story wasn't good, it wasn't funny, but it was stupid. I mean I could've given the movie a zero. It's so bad and stupid that it was funny.  The only reason why I give this movie a 3 is because the movie had some good acting, some good plot, but the funny thing was the fact that there was no good ending. I just don't know how it could be good to watch.  My advice is don't waste your time on this movie, unless you really want to see a good movie, or really really want an old one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's worse, the cast is horrible. The direction is shoddy and the editing is poor. The music is bad, and there are too many clichés, and the plot is stupid.   In short, a boring movie with the right message and the right characters, a sad, disappointing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a huge disappointment. The acting was bad, the plot was bad and the movie was boring. The only good movie in the whole movie is the beginning. The movie was not funny, the movie wasn't good. The characters were not interesting. The plot was boring and it was not interesting at all. I really do not recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very dull and not interesting. The acting is bad and the plot is boring and the end is predictable.  There are lots of sex jokes and the girls are very sexy. I really hope they will make another movie like this one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a young woman I was so excited to watch this film on a night when I was living alone that I went to the kitchen and turned on the lights. I had a great time watching this film. The only thing that was missing was a really good story, but that was really disappointing. I mean it was the worst film I have ever seen. The plot is stupid, the script is bad, and the cast is terrible. I will not watch this movie ever again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A movie as bad as this has been made. If you have the misfortune to watch it - don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the other review for this film, but I must say that I think I have to agree with the majority, because the director has no clue what he's doing. The acting is awful, the story is non-existent and the story seems to have been directed by a couple of 14 year olds who don't know the first thing about cinema or even history. I really hope this will make it to the festival where it will make more sense to those who have a history of seeing it on TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was so awful. The acting was bad, the story was so unbelievable, the writing was poor, the direction was amateurish, and the casting... well.... I mean... just terrible.  I was so angry that I decided to write a comment to say that I was going to make a comment on this film. It was just a pathetic attempt at a film that had very little entertainment value.  This movie has the worst writing of a bad film and should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A huge plot hole has been found in the first 5 minutes of the movie and there's nothing more to say about it. The movie is filled with pointless and implausible action scenes, one after another, with the actors acting like they were on something else.  It's really difficult to believe that a movie this bad would be made. It's one of those movies that you can't get your money back. It sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm sorry but i just watched this film and i could barely sit up, but I did manage to watch a bit of it, it was like i had to see a bit, and that's what i did.  I saw it at night and it was just bad and boring.  It was boring and it made no sense at all.  The acting was horrible and I thought that there was nothing to like about it.  As for the plot, well there was no plot, and the acting was not bad either, i could just see the camera shaking all over the place as it went through all these different scenes.  What was the point? The whole movie was just awful, and not good at all, but at least it was interesting.   All in all, not worth the money to see this movie, even if you are a huge Adam Sandler fan like me, you'll still be very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film has no redeeming features. The story is completely senseless. The acting is terrible. The direction is horrible. The editing is all amateur. I mean come on.  The only redeeming feature of the film is a good look at the great actor, Gerard Depardieu, who manages to do a pretty good job in this movie.  I am not going to say anything more, because if you are a fan of Gerard Deparde, you will surely hate this film.  If you are too drunk to watch this film, you may be very grateful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I see? This movie was an absolutely horrible movie. The acting is so bad, I nearly fell asleep at the screen. The plot is so predictable and just plain awful, it's really not funny.  The best part of the movie is the end credits. The actors are so annoying, that they made the movie even more awful.  I gave this movie a 2 out of 10 just because of the humor. The humor in this movie is really really awful. The funniest parts are the ones where the humor is so lame, that you don't laugh at it. It's not funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to waste any more of my time writing. I'm sure that there are some out there who will find the movie to be cheesy, over the top, or whatever the hell. I find that to be an extremely narrow minded view.  If I have to make my own mind up I'll leave this movie alone. I just can't take this movie anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is just plain bad bad awful. I mean, you can watch it for a laugh with your friends and they'll laugh along with you, and then you can't watch it because it makes you laugh uncontrollably.  This movie was just terrible. It didn't make any sense at all, and at some points you can tell it is not really a comedy movie, it just is bad acting.  The plot was very weak and had some funny moments. I would say if you're going to watch a comedy, don't waste your time on this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, I like the idea of "The Biggest Loser." The concept is cute. When the premise is a girl who comes back from the dead with no memory of her previous life, it is sort of like "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" meets "The Incredible Mr. Limpet." The film has some good moments, but they are few and far between. And I like "Gilligan's Island" and "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" as much as I like this movie. It is an extremely dull film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a long time movie fan I found it hard to find a movie with a plot that could be said to be 'genuine'. This movie is full of unnecessary scenes and quotes, and even worse it's so bad that it is fun to watch. The worst part is the fact that the director seems to be in love with the main character, and is just going through the motions of the movie in an attempt to make the film better. The film is so bad, that even though I thought that the acting was OK the movie was still horrible. The plot was so bad I almost wanted to stop watching. I've been watching a lot of bad movies lately, but this is one of them.  The film was bad, and so boring I felt I could no longer take my eyes away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie a 3 instead of a 1, was because the 3rd segment was very bad, but nothing special. I thought the 1st segment was okay, but the 2nd segment was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film we see a man who gets his car stolen by a couple of girls from work, so he goes looking for it, and finds it in a locked garage.  In the process of searching the garage he comes across a strange and unexplained object.  The object is a strange shaped black and white circular object. It appears to be an old man's head, covered in black paint. The object has no eyes, nose, or mouth, and no other features. The strange object is covered in cobweb, and the cobweb is very spiny. The entire object is one huge black spider, and it is extremely difficult to get a close up on this spider.  After some bizarre encounters the lead investigator gets some strange visions of the strange object, which led to the discovery of the existence of a weird and unexplained form. The film then goes from bad to inexplicable to unexplain to weird and bizarre, with no explanation at all. The end is just terrible.   The film is terrible. The script is the same as the previous film, and there is no real story. The only thing that made me like it was the soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that makes you want to go and see the original movie. And I think I can. The whole thing is predictable. I was looking for a cute movie with some good actors and I found this one very boring and not interesting at all. I just think that there are too many sequels and not enough original.  This movie is very, very, poor. I watched it, then I started to realize that it was a complete waste of time.  I watched a little bit more of it and got more bored.   It is not funny at all, it is a waste of money and time. It's not even a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit I liked the movie but if you enjoy the typical American action movie this isn't one to see.  The movie was extremely boring, the dialog was extremely artificial and the action was pretty mediocre.  If you want to see a good action movie don't see this one 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is one of those movies that I have seen.  This movie is an example of what happens when you put in a story, edit it, and just make it worse.  The only reason that this movie was bad was because the acting, script, camera-work, editing, and editing were bad.  I would like to see a good story that was entertaining to watch and a good cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to be blunt. This movie is nothing more than a poorly made movie with bad writing, bad direction, bad music, and horrible actors.  This is a movie about a girl that is in the process of finding out who she is and who she wants to be. She goes to a website, finds that she is the reincarnation of a goddess who has returned to the earth to bring back a lost era of time. There she meets an old man that she has seen in her dreams.  Then she gets raped, she is raped by a black man, and her rape is the beginning of the beginning.  Her life and her dreams continue with bad things happening to her.   The movie is boring. It is not even interesting, and the acting is bad.  The only good parts are the soundtrack, and I don't know why this movie is titled "The Awakening."  I really hope that it gets released as a full movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie about 4 or 5 years ago. I don't recall the exact date, so I will assume it was some time in the 70's.  I remember watching it and thinking to myself, "if I had to make a movie about a killer's revenge, I would have to take a lot of the action out of this movie and then give it some semblance of life," I was kind of thinking that the movie was going to take place in the 80's. But after the first 5 minutes, I started seeing that this was a very poor man's version of a horror movie.  It just seems like a very boring movie. And when you watch it you really don't really feel anything. It is very very artificial.  The acting is bad, the acting is not very good, and the movie just gets boring after 5 minutes.   I think that people don't know that this movie is about revenge because it is really all about revenge. There are scenes where people just randomly get shot and the rest of the cast is kind of ignoring them, and just thinking they are all good for nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm shocked at how a movie as bad as this could be made and I am not at all surprised by the fact that I watched this movie with very low expectations. The characters are bad and the movie is just awful.  The acting is poor. The plot is completely unrealistic and the ending is the most pathetic thing that can happen to any movie. The acting was completely horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I thought I was watching a sitcom with a show called "The Simpsons," "The Krusty Krab" or "The Secret Show," I'd be right. This was not a sitcom. It was a piece.  I mean, you can't make this show.  So, if you're going to watch a sitcom, don't waste your time watching "The Simpson." It's not funny.  And if you want to watch the show, don.   If you want a sitcom show, just don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching this movie I kept getting the same urge to fast forward through it all I could. The only thing that bothered me was the soundtrack. It was horrible. I was listening to music that was not even musical. I kept wanting to fast-forward to the next song, even though I knew it would be the last song. I can't believe how much time was spent on the soundtrack...it was so distracting.  As a whole I think it was a very poorly made movie...I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, especially those that enjoy watching cheesy, pretentious films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real reason to watch this movie was because of the cast (the only reason I watched it). The only reason this movie is not rated is because of how bad it is. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off very well. It has good cinematography and some good acting and good music. But it just doesn't hold your interest, and there is no real story behind it. The plot is just something that was never developed, and I suspect that the director just doesn;t have much interest in the movie, and simply ended up there to make a film. The director should have made a film with a bit more depth, which would have been interesting to see a more detailed story behind the main character.  The cinematography is just bad, and the sound is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my girlfriend because it's her first movie with me and she wanted to watch the movie with her friends. The movie starts off good, the pace of the movie is good, it kept on going until the end of the first half hour. It ended in about 90 minutes. I'm not sure if I expected it to be a great movie, but I thought the movie was OK. It was disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole idea is a parody of the Muppet Show and other live-action shows.  The Muppet show is based on the original Muppet Babies show. The idea is that the Muppets are really popular and could even be considered as a cult like the Power Rangers, Scooby Doo, and the Legion of Doom.  There are tons of silly jokes throughout the whole show. Even the Munchies have more ridiculous moments than this mess.  In conclusion, if you want to watch a stupid Muppet movie, avoid this one at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie a rating is because I thought that the movie was so much trash. I did not know it was supposed to be an action-adventure but I did like the movie and thought it was boring.  I thought it had a good script and a good story. It also seemed to be the only movie that was entertaining.  If you like the kind of movie that has a plot and a decent plot, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way I can understand this movie is if the producer doesn't take some creative license with his own work, but just slap it together and call it a "cartoon", "adventure" or "graphic adventure". It just doesn't work that well.  I'm sorry, but this movie just does not have any good story.  What is worse, I wonder if this was made for a Starz or FX channel, but I wonder what he was thinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was because it has a lot of its own history, which is something I'd love to forget.  I'd like to recommend watching the movie and seeing the movie in the right light. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a guy, who rents a small flat in a small town. The landlord is a guy who rents the flat to his parents, who apparently don't want it, but do it anyways.  After his parents move in, his wife gets killed and the house is filled with cobweb. He gets a letter from the neighbors that say they have seen a house on the property. He asks the neighbor if he would inspect it, and he tells him yes. So he goes and does what he can.  The movie is so awful, and there is not much to recommend. If you want to see a good movie, watch "The Incredible Strange Film Show." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a bad remake of a really bad movie with bad special effects, crappy script, bad music, bad acting, and no plot. I am not going to give anything away, because I think the movie is boring and I have nothing more to say. I watched it, and I just gave up.   I just watched it because I was really sick. The movie is really bad. It was really really boring and the plot was stupid.  I would give the movie a 1/10 if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the theater, but after I was finished it was disgusting. The acting was bad, the story was not even interesting, the script was not good, and the plot was bad. It was like the movie had no life. The characters were uninteresting, and you could not even tell who was who or what was their purpose.  The ending was not surprising, and it was not shocking, and there was no real shocking, shocking or shocking ending.  It is not worth renting for the acting, the plot, the directing, the cinematography, and for the gore factor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a major disappointment. If you like the Matrix or other cheesy movies, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had hoped for an engaging, intelligent, dramatic, yet sensitive movie, but I was very disappointed. The story is predictable, the acting is awful, the camera-work was amateur at best, the script was sub-par, the music was subpar, and the characters all fell into the traps of being wooden. I just couldn't get it. I mean it was bad. I gave it a 3 out of 10, not because it was some great film, but because it failed on every level. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a waste of time and effort to make this film into a true piece of trash. The acting was so bad and the story is so poor that you could not finish it without feeling angry. The director should be ashamed to have made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am shocked by the acting and the fact that the script has changed from the original version - something about a man who is out of his mind and a woman who is acting crazy - I'm just not sure who to be scared of, but I think the cast are pretty bad and the ending is so... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought that the last episode was the worst of the lot. I didn't know the last story before I started watching this and it made the whole show seem like an episode of the "My Favorite Martian" or the "Dinosaur Rex" cartoons.  What really made this episode a bad one was that it wasn't funny. It was boring and just didn't have any kind of message.  The cast for the second episode was all young, but that was to tell you the truth, that the show is a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is absolutely terrible. The director of the movie is a bad director. The cinematography is horrible. The sound is really bad. I think the only really good thing in this movie was the cinematography.  The story is not interesting and the acting is really really bad in most parts. The music is bad and is really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing wrong with this movie, except maybe it was shot in a good way, with great music. It's really just bad, but if you're expecting something special, and want to watch the best movie ever, you should watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of scientists working at the International Space Station are in a space lab when a meteorite falls from the sky and crashes through the Earth's atmosphere. They land in the area of the International Geoscience Center and immediately start to dig. They are unaware that they are not in a real space lab, they are in the International Ocean area where a meteor landed.  The movie is poorly directed and is a complete waste of time. The main characters are a group of ten people who are just there to make the movie, the movie could have taken place anywhere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was an extremely stupid movie. The only thing that could have made me laugh was watching the old man get beat up by the new guy. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at a movie that was this bad. The acting is terrible. The plot was not funny, and the special effects are not worth watching. The ending was just dumb.  The only good thing I can say is that the music in this movie is the worst musical ever. It's just so irritating that I nearly fell asleep. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this, they are listed as "B" movies. The acting is awful. The movie is about three guys that play in a band together. One gets killed and another gets kicked out.  I think the whole idea behind this movie is good, because it is predictable. The whole movie is very low-budget. If you enjoy B-movies, then I think this movie would be a good choice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was one of those movies that is bad, bad, stupid and disappointing. It was very badly directed and acted.   The story is about a group of guys who find out about a mysterious disease that is spreading around. They're not infected by the mysterious disease, they are infected by a strange fungus. And the weird fungus is killing people.  So the group of losers go around killing people, one by one.  One of the losers is a doctor named Dr. Michael Stone. He is a genius. He has a weird idea to use a strange type of fungus as a weapon to kill the people infected with the strange disease.  The whole movie is boring, not funny, and not scary.  It has no real plot and no real ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I had to go, I would have to say that I am a person who has been disappointed by Hollywood's attempt to turn the world upside down and put a new spin on the story and make a more entertaining film. The only thing that kept me from falling asleep was the fact that I don't think that it was supposed to be a 'great' film. This movie is so bad I would give it a rating of one star. The movie was boring. The plot is so ridiculous that I was unable to even pay my rental fee. The acting was terrible. The characters are so wooden and over acting that you cant even see their faces. The jokes are so unoriginal, it would have been a great joke if I was paying attention. The ending is so tacked on and poorly written that I felt embarrassed for the writer and director. I was so angry with the bad ending that I gave it a zero. I mean the ending was the first real thing that was truly horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was because it was part of a larger collection of "Lemonheads," one of the most terrible sequels to a movie I've ever seen. The movie is a complete failure on every level.  My only hope is that they used this movie for some real fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen an animated film that had this much potential. The animation is too stiff and the characters too lightweight. The plot is too cliched and unbelievable. I think the director just went to the wrong movies for the laughs. The only thing that saves this movie is the music. It was just too distracting and I couldn't get myself to pay attention to it.  I was very surprised with the storyline, since I like it. I was also surprised with how much I actually enjoyed it. The main characters are a girl and a guy who just seems to randomly show up. It's not the songs, it's the sound. The story is boring, the characters are uninspired and it just doesn't seem like a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main theme of this movie is that the story is a waste of time. It is predictable and fails to show any emotion. The plot is predictable as is the humor. The acting is bad, the directing is bad and the music is bad.  The plot and the humor is lame. This movie is not even funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen, with bad acting, bad cinematography, horrible cinematography and so on, but nothing. The worst acting I have seen has been from Christopher Walken. He is so wooden, his face is so fake looking that he almost looks like an actor from the 80's.  I have only seen Walken in "Walken's List", but "Criminally Insane" is an absolutely terrible movie.  If you like Walken, you are going to love this movie. There is no reason to watch this movie, just like the last time I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie made up of many unnecessary scenes that do nothing. I mean, why is the ending shot always shown at the beginning of the movie when it is supposed to be ending all in the beginning?? I mean the movie is stupid.  The acting is poor. It's like watching a bad soap opera.  It's really really hard to believe that this movie is the only one that people watched.  I just wish that I had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one big rip-off of the "Warm Hearts" and "Haunting Fear" movies.   The acting is awful. The plot is, as you might expect from a low budget film, awful. It's really not that bad, it's bad that bad.  It has the same plot. It is not interesting. It has bad cinematography. It lacks all of the charm and suspense of the aforementioned movies. The director doesn't have imagination. The cinematography is bad, the script is bad and the script just is bad. It reminds me of the movie "The Dead Code".  If you are looking for a good movie, don't bother with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought it was one of the worst movies I have seen. It was so bad that you can't even recognize it. It's just a bad, boring, unimaginative movie that has no plot and a boring story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of this movie, was a really stupid idea, and I am glad to see it was not made as I had expected.  The plot is ridiculous and really nothing happens. It is more of a "B" movie, not an "A" movie. The characters are so weak that they cannot even make jokes or have any emotions. The acting is bad, the script is so poor and all the things around it are so cheesy and the director himself said nothing new.  It was very disappointing, the movie is very bad and not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this DVD with my husband, and we both thought it was a good deal. It is really quite poor.  The story is about a young girl, who is obsessed with her mother's long, tortured life.  There are some good things about the film, such as the acting, the acting of the female lead (I believe it is Jennifer Esposito, who plays the mother), and the music (a lot of grungy grunge and a good soundtrack).  This is a film that was a real disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I really don't know what to say. The acting is so poor I have stopped watching it, I just watched it to see if it would get worse, it didn't. The direction is bad, the plot is bad. The movie is about a mother that gets revenge on her father for the abuse she endured when she was younger and a brother that she killed for trying to force his mother into a home that she wanted.  The ending was so disappointing that I stopped watching the whole thing. I think it will ruin the movie if they make another one of these films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my friends about 4 years ago. We were talking about it in a class and when we started laughing because of the horrendous acting and terrible acting, I stopped laughing.  The movie is the worst movie I have ever seen and that was a long time ago. I was mad because of how bad it was. I mean, the guy who played the lead was acting really weird.  I don't know if it was the acting or the story of this movie that makes people laugh. If I had the chance to watch it, I would have jumped off the chair. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched this film several times and it's not bad. It's just bad.  The director should think about his life and leave well enough alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought the movie was very predictable and I was very disappointed with the movie. I thought there was too much melodrama and it was boring. I think I would have liked to have seen a movie with more action.  I can't even comment about the movie because I have seen it so many times, but I am sure that there is still some melodramatic component to it, so I will not comment.  The movie is bad, the acting is bad and the movie is very very badly produced. The movie reminded me of the old "Crimson Tide" movies, so in my opinion it was not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie at night on TV when I saw that the story was about a high school senior's journey to find her own sexuality.  I didn't care for the actors at all, they didn't come across as bad at all.  The main character, Nick, was the typical boy in love with the girl, but I can't stand them. The whole movie seemed to go on about a million different times and I would like to be able to understand what was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have watched the first ten minutes of this film and I'm sure the viewer is already entertained by it. As an adult, I would like to know why it was made, and if this was intended to be an adult film, I am really confused as to how it achieved this. The first ten or fifteen minutes of the film are okay, but the plot gets silly and dull. This movie is like a really bad slap in the face to the viewer.  The acting is bad, the cinematography is not good, the direction is bad and the script is bad. The acting and cinematography were poor, and the editing is very bad.  As a result, the film is like watching a really crappy movie.  This is like the worst teen flick ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one of my classes this movie was shown. The acting is bad and the script is terrible.  The plot is ridiculous.  It is so bad that it is not funny.   The characters are dumb and the story is not good.  I recommend skipping this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is an old one: the characters are in their teens, and one has to choose between a comedy that will laugh at the absurdist premise or a drama that will not.  In my opinion, this film fails in both departments. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the first day it came out and it was a terrible experience. I would like to be able to say this movie is a complete waste of my time, that the acting was bad, that everything else was a waste of effort, that I'm glad the original book was not made into a film. I did not know how I could ever find this movie, so I watched it again and again. It had nothing to do with the book. It was an incredibly stupid movie. The only thing that was funny was the sound. I could even laugh at the sound effects of the animals, the sounds were awful. The animals were not funny, not at all, not even the sound was funny. The sound was terrible. I'm just going to go see the movie, I mean I don't know, I don.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not a comedy, a drama, but it's a low-budget, boring, pretentious, boring piece of crap. The movie has no real message.   I'm glad the filmmaker had his money and time to waste on this, because if he spent the time on something other than just trying to make a comedy movie, like he did with this film, I think he would have done much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie at the Palm Springs International Film Festival in Palm Springs, Florida, and was not surprised by the performances of the actors.  The plot is predictable, the editing is poor, and the acting is awful.   The story is boring and not really worth watching.  It is not even worth mentioning the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was bad. It was terrible. It sucked. It really sucked.  I really do not care if the cast is good or bad. I just do not like the movie.  The acting is horrible. The script is horrible and all the other characters are terrible.  My only wish is that there was more of a story to tell.  Please do not waste your time on this movie. Please don't waste your money on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an amateur-hour flick. The movie's script is awful and the story is poor. It has many, many problems that I can't see. I don't see any point to it. The acting is bad, the plot is weak and the direction is poor and amateurish. I've seen worse acting in amateur movies and this movie was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first place, the plot is good and the movie is good. The movie is full of pointless actions and it has no story and it's not funny.  The acting is not good at all.   The whole movie is boring, the movie tries to make fun of itself and is just terrible.  I found myself looking at the end and wondering how it could have been a funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, that it actually looks good. I saw the first half hour and thought it was good, but I was wrong. I mean, if you look at the title of this movie, it says something about "The Naked Gun", but the movie is not "The Naked Gun". It is "The Gun X-16", but that is really all. The plot is weak and I felt like I was watching a really bad movie.  Overall, this movie is really bad and boring. I give this movie a rating of "1/10" just because of how many bad movies were made in 1990, and because this movie actually is better than "The Secret Lives of Dentists".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. I had a great time watching it and it made me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, the plot was okay, but it just didn't have the right impact on me. It had some good dialog and some good action sequences, and it had some funny moments. The whole movie was just dull and flat, with no real punchlines, very few funny moments, and nothing special.  My biggest problem is that there wasn't any real fighting at all, and I really wonder why. There were some nice sword fight scenes, and the rest was just boring. The only good fight was when they were trying to capture a large rock monster with a bunch of other monsters. That rock was the only funny moment in the whole movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A friend of mine works at the local library, and he saw the movie with me one night. The movie was awful. I saw the end, and I was thinking "Did that happen?" That's it. I was mad.  It was SO badly written, and was SO fake. It was so bad I had to shut the DVD off, and now I have to watch it again. It's the worst movie I've ever seen in my life.  I watched it for 2 hours. I mean, really. I could barely sit still. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't remember the name of this movie but I do remember seeing the first 30 minutes of it. And then I remember seeing something about a family needing to make a family again and so I turned it off, thinking it was a parody of something that actually happened, which made me uncomfortable for a few days.  And I don´t know what happened. I just didn´t pay attention to the story because it was all very plain and boring and all I could see was a series of bad shots of the beautiful landscapes and a series from the perspective of the two main characters, which I don`t remember and frankly don´s not even remember, but I have heard that they were both dead and the movie had to be re-shot.  The story was bad and had a very weak ending, which would have been really sad and disappointing for a sequel.  This movie was horrible and I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title of this movie is The Good Old Men. But I am afraid that is a pretty good title for a movie.  The story is so stupid and not interesting. I mean, really, the best part is at the beginning. It is so predictable and all the rest is so tarted out and done so well.  And this is just a movie that is done in such a way that you don't even feel you are watching a movie anymore.  I guess I would just like to see some real comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what to say...it was really stupid and boring. If you are a true B-movie fanatic, you'll get bored after seeing this movie.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I've read many people who have commented on this film and they all have different reasons for not liking this movie.  It's not the acting that's terrible. It's the script that is. It just makes you wonder what the director was trying to do. It could be that he's trying to make a statement about how the world is. His message could have just been something like, "If you want to know the real world, you must look at the movie industry." This is a sad thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "Criminally Insane" is a strange and very thin story, the beginning is interesting, the ending is predictable and the movie doesn't go any deeper than the beginning, which means it is a bad film, in other words a "bad" film. It is a very bad film with a plot that is not very original, it is just bad. I watched it in the dark because of the lack of light and the sound was bad, but I can't see how this could have turned out to be a great film if I had not been so distracted by the horrible sound.  My advice for anyone interested in a good film is to just skip it. The end is not a very good part of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the movie, two main characters have some issues with each other. They are: 1. Joe Don Baker (the only real reason I give this movie a rating is because it has nothing to do with the real life of Joe Don). 2. An overaggressive female reporter. She is very brave, has a strong desire to be a hero and to win. 3. Joe's friend (George B. Scott). His only real purpose is to kill Joe.  Don't waste your time. This movie has nothing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early days of independent film, it was not easy to see why. The first part of the movie is really funny.  The main characters are stupid and boring. And this is the case with "Dog Days". They all talk about how they are trying to get their dogs to walk their dog.  If you are a dog person, you will hate these people. If you don't, you'll hate these horrible, boring characters.  This movie was really really really terrible.  And I don't really blame the actors for it. The movie is awful. The story is terrible. The acting is bad.  There was really no funny and the plot is boring.  I'm not going to write a summary for you. You'll just have to watch the movie for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who's never seen an Indian movie before, I had a gut feeling the plot was a bit too mush. This movie isn't good at all, even though the story is bad. It's not very entertaining at all.  I've been waiting a long time to see the movie, and I was kind of expecting a very good story. This just didn't satisfy me. It tried to be a romantic comedy.  A lot of people are going to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is simple. If you have ever wanted to see a film about the relationship between an old man and a young woman who are in a long-term relationship, this film is for you.  I was very excited about the first 10 minutes of the movie, and the rest was just boring.  The plot has little depth. It is predictable, cliché, and just does not have any real meaning.  All in all, a waste of 92 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad to see a movie with an acting, plot, direction, editing, photography, music score, and music that are actually interesting. I was really looking for something that actually made me laugh, but this is no different. I would like to say that this was one of the worst movies I've seen in my entire life, and I don't believe I'll ever laugh again at a movie like this one, ever.  I was disappointed with the movie for a second time in my life. The first time was in 1998. This movie, while being interesting at first, was actually not the worst movie I have ever seen. The only thing that bothered me was the ending. The ending is not funny.  The whole movie is so terrible. I could even finish watching this film in the afternoon with a good laugh, and it would still be better than the movie I just saw. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There's a lot of swearing and sex in this movie, which is OK in most comedies, but is never shown in this flick. The acting is terrible, the directing is amateur, the script is bad, the cinematography is terrible and the special effects are so cheesy you will laugh hysterically.  The only redeeming quality in this film was that it did not add up to the entire movie. It was not funny, it was not interesting, and did not have any of the spirit of the first two movies.    In conclusion: Avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to see more from the guys that did this movie. What is this movie about?? Why is it all over the internet??? This movie has a lot of bad acting, and its really nothing compared to this movie, I guess they used the same script, I just don't understand why.  The only thing that was good was the music. The movie had so many songs that I wanted to kill myself.  It was all really terrible. The acting is really bad, and the acting is bad.  I can't wait to see the movie, if I was a 17 year old boy I would probably like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion this is one of the worst films I've ever seen. The acting was awful, the plot was terrible and the ending was really poor.  As for the ending.... well... it was really, really bad. And what I did find amusing was that the movie was very predictable. So I decided to watch the ending because that was the only thing that was funny. It is truly sad that this movie was made, it's sad that it was.  The movie is not worth watching, even if you are desperate for a good laugh, because the ending is really, truly, bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as the movie goes, this movie is absolutely terrible. The acting is awful and the story is, quite frankly, not interesting.   There is a scene where the main character, who has a great accent, is in a bar and the other patrons want to talk about their feelings about the movie and then begin a conversation about how this movie isn't realistic, because the characters act so weird, and the movie is so boring. The only real point of this movie that made me laugh was that there are some scenes in the movie that are so bad, that you really want to laugh. I just think that the director of this film had his heart broken and decided to take this movie out because of the actors and how they are playing the characters that don't really have much acting talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the reviews and I was very surprised to see it has not been shown. I had really hoped that at the beginning of the movie it would make me laugh. It did not. It was awful.   I did like the first half of the film. The first half is very very bad. I mean, the movie is so stupid and over-dramatic, that I was wondering why. The movie is really, really, poorly written.  My favourite part was the bit at the start of the chase. The chase is really long and the last 5 minutes were really, badly paced.  The movie could have been made in a couple of hours with a bit more effort. It made me feel sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this was in my school's movie, the story would be about a high school football team. The movie would be a few friends who are interested in a movie about football.  The movie is so bad, that it's good. It has so many problems that you will not be able to laugh, nor even want to. This movie is like the old man who comes in the store with his shopping bag, and starts screaming at the people in the aisle to move. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story was very simple and did not have any surprises. All the performances were average.  The movie is very very boring and nothing special. It has no real plot.  It seems like a very bad episode of an old sitcom show.   I am surprised with this movie.  I will watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was obvious that this movie was going to be a let down. The fact that it could only be seen in 2 cities is a reason that I gave it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very bad movie that was very badly made. The story was basically a collection of bad jokes that made no sense and were never connected to any actual event. I guess I'll stick with the movies and hope that it works. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of those films that is so bad that you just have to sit back and watch it to make your own judgement. This movie was really terrible. It is not funny and i cannot believe how many people actually liked it, because of the script, acting or the direction. The plot was so weak and I could not even understand why people found this film funny. It does not have a plot, and it is just so not bad that it did not bother to try and make me laugh at it. The ending was very bad, and i mean not in a fun way, I mean seriously not in an amusing way. I have no idea why people did not like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first movie I've seen that was as bad as this was. I don't know how it could be the worst movie I have ever seen. The story is very boring, the acting was bad and the acting is very bad. The only good thing about the movie is that there was no music in the entire movie. There were very few scenes that were interesting. The last time I watched this was when it was just playing on a static screen and I couldn't even hear the sound. The movie is very, very bad and very stupid.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie I have ever seen. It is a bad script. It makes you wonder why is this movie? Is this supposed to be entertaining or entertaining? If this is entertaining I am sad to see it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story of a former high school football star's life in prison is one of those stories you hear so much about. A kid becomes famous and is forced to play against all odds and get all the attention of the world. He has to play a huge, unwatchable college football team. The movie goes on much too long and is a huge embarrassment to watch. I think it could have been much better if they didn't try to make this into a football movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad, boring movie. The movie has the same plot, it's boring, the actors are just all okay, and it has the most boring scenes I've ever seen. It makes Zombie Lake look like The Sound of Music, The Fast and the Furious looks like the Fast and The Furious is the Furious.  The movie is really boring, it has all the effects you would expect from a 4 year old, and there is no story line, the movie is a waste of time. I mean, if you want a fun and interesting movie, don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, i've been a fan since i was 4, and i'm not going to start telling people about it. Second, i'm surprised that this movie would be so bad. This movie is the worst movie i've seen, but it doesn't deserve to be. Third, the ending is completely retarded. It makes no sense! I mean, if you didn't like it, then you don't have to see it! Fourth, the direction is totally wrong. I mean the only funny thing i liked about this movie was the fact that the movie wasn't set in America and was edited with an American in the lead role. And the ending could have been done in a totally different way.  Fifth, the acting is completely wooden. The main characters are completely uninteresting and uninteresting. I can't believe that they were all American and had an English accent. And, the fact they were British didn't make any difference. I don't know how they were able to act British, though, and I don´t care.   The ending is very disappointing. It just has no meaning. The plot is completely senseless and un-original. The jokes are stupid. And it's just not entertaining. I guess it was a bad budget movie, but i don´s glad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good movie I have seen is this movie. I watched it for about 90 minutes but when I realized it was not good, I tried to watch the rest of the movie and was horrified.  The story is completely retarded. It is so predictable, that it is good that it makes me laugh. The actors are so wooden, that the plot is not funny.  There are some good parts and I will give them all a 1 instead of a 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was very predictable, the acting very poor and the acting was terrible. The characters were very predictable and the plot was... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I was watching this film with a friend and was disgusted. He was watching it and felt like it was really bad.  The only reason I can come up with that movie is because of the acting, the plot, and the way the movie was filmed. The only good thing I can say is that I'm really surprised how bad the movie is.   This is not a horror movie. It is a movie about the United States, which is already sick with its own drug problems and has the highest drug overdose rate of any industrialized nation. The idea of making such a horrible movie was so revolting to me that I gave this movie a 1, the lowest possible rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real reason I give this movie is because I like the idea of a movie with the title "The Real World" and "The Next Best Thing" written by the same author. This movie is a horrible rip-off of "The Island" with a movie title that is really misleading, as this movie was actually titled "The Movie The Movie."  The acting in this movie sucks and the movie was bad from the get go. The plot is poor. The ending is bad. And the movie is just bad from start to finish.  I give it a 1/10 for the acting, the acting and the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where the acting is so bad, I stopped watching.  The story is about the love of a man, his life, and the life of his dog who is killed by a mountain lion. The acting is awful, the plot is dumb, and everything that is happening is for show.  This movie is not good at all, the acting isn't good, and I cannot believe that this movie has been put on the IMDb bottom 100,000 movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was not bad at all. The movie was boring, the story was not good, and all the actors were bad. The direction was terrible, the script was bad, and the story did not make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD from the store, and after a little bit of hesitation, I decided to give it a shot. So I popped in my remote and started watching it. I have no idea what this is all about. I was trying to watch a movie about the real world, the whole idea was intriguing. It wasn't a movie, but a short 20 minutes. And the acting wasn't that bad either, but that I can't remember.  And the story was pretty bad, the acting was bad, and the plot was very thin. So what's a good movie for a night if you really want to see a bad horror movie,   Don't bother with this one, you will get bored quickly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's up with this? The original story was an interesting look at how the life of a father and son in a new era were. The old father's comments on life, the old comments from the new generation. And the new comments from people in the old generation. What are they? The old comments were not original. They were not interesting, they were not funny.   My rating: F 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with some really cool music and then gets to a really crappy climax and I'm in shock. I mean, this is a real crappy movie. The music is lame and badly written and the editing is crap, there are no cool shots and there is nothing to like about it except for the ending. This movie was just a bad waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of the film are interesting and amusing. I was very intrigued as to why the first twenty-five minutes were so dark, and why the story didn't get more intense? The cinematography and the plot are weak, and not the only reason for this is that it is a bad film, or a cult classic. It is also very difficult to see what is going on.  The only thing that I can see in the film is a small plot of an ancient prophecy, and the end of the world as we have imagined. So I am baffled that it doesn't even make sense.  I don't know why I give this movie such a low rating, because the cinematography is very hard to watch, and even the actors are completely uninteresting, even the lead actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the most over-the-top, pretentious and ultimately boring movie ever made.  If you enjoy the Lord of the Rings and the Lord Of The Rings then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to this movie for 10 minutes and saw this movie and I can tell you that this movie has been the worst movie I have ever seen. I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life.  The acting was horrible, the story was awful. The direction was bad, and the script was terrible.  I can't believe this movie was made in the first place, but I am glad to see such a mediocre movie made for the first time in my 20 years.  This movie is not worthy of a rating, even a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am just a little annoyed by this film. It is so badly directed and so poor I think that it could be the worst film I have ever seen. It has absolutely nothing to offer.  I have been watching this film for about 2 hours now, and I can honestly tell you it was one of the worst films I have EVER seen.   The characters in this film are nothing more than cardboard cut outs, and they do not even act!  I'm so glad that they took this film so seriously. The film had no substance whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film with a group of 3-10 year old children and we all found the film boring and pointless. It would have been nice to have seen some more good humor in the movie, especially when you have an over-dressed woman who is supposed to be able to dance, but I guess I'll just have to swallow.  The acting was horrible. The characters were stereotypical. The whole thing was boring. The plot was crap, and the humor was stupid.  I will give credit where credit is due, but that's all I can give it for.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie with my kids and the movie was awful. The acting was bad, the writing was bad and the direction was terrible. The story was completely unrealistic and had very little entertainment value. The ending was the most disappointing movie I have ever seen.  If you enjoy watching cheesy movies with your kids, then this is for you. I'm not recommending this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had a very boring story line, which didn't really develop. It was not interesting in any way. There was too much going on and too much boring in the movie.   The characters were not interesting and the characters were very cardboard. They don't go into detail. The movie just sort of goes to show that the main characters are boring and all the other characters are not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is an example of bad film. Bad acting, bad special effects, bad story, bad editing, bad everything.  The good thing about this movie is that it isn't the worst movie I have ever seen. It's the worst horror movie I've ever seen and the only thing I can say about it is that if you want to watch a good horror movie, don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a mess. I've seen the worst movie ever made, but I must say I'm shocked. The script is completely preposterous, the characters are terrible and I can't even figure out how I can be entertained by this movie. This movie is completely retarded, I give it a zero.  If you liked "K-911", you'll love "The Man With The Gun" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to find any positives in this film. The acting is bad and the movie is just bad... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you want to see a good comedy movie, and you are willing to go watch this movie, it is a fun one. I think I can count one movie I have seen that is a better comedy.  I do agree with the other reviewer. This movie was very stupid and funny. It was a very lame movie. If you don't like this movie don't watch anything else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    A typical movie is like claiming to be a great scientist who discovers a cure for cancer. You go from being a doctor treating cancer patients, to being a scientist who finds a cure. The only reason I give this movie a 3 is because of the fact that the doctor was a great doctor.  The movie is completely unwatchable.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a teenager (or you like watching teenagers act stupid) and think you'll get a great laugh from this movie, don't watch. You'll be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story starts with a beautiful and yet very flat performance from the usually reliable Robert Downey Jr., and the story moves along slowly at first.  The ending is bad and predictable and in a bad way, as is the acting.   Overall, not worth a watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A good summary of a good movie: This was one of my favorite films. I am a real film buff, and this movie surprised me. The movie has a great cinematography, great cast chemistry, great cinematographic beauty and great great special effects. I enjoyed the film a lot, the plot was very cool, and the story reminded me of many Sci-fi classics. A lot of people like to compare this movie to movies like "Metropolis", but this is not that. It was very creative, very suspenseful and very well done. A very great movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really terrible.  I had to fast forward from the beginning to the very end to understand what was going on and it did not even take a minute before I lost interest completely.  This is one big, terrible film.  It's really really really, really crappy and I don't know how I would recommend watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts out nice with an intense scene of violence and nudity in a sleazebaum. Later it becomes a boring mess.  The last half is a let down.   The direction is terrible. The acting is bad, the story is bad.  A few good performances.  It has been said that this is a very bad movie. It has not. The movie is just bad. It is not funny. It doesn't make sense.  I saw this movie on a Saturday night and I was bored throughout the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not a good movie. It's a waste of time and effort.  The story is nothing new. It seems like they tried to make it up.  I am wondering how can you have a story that is so bad it becomes an actual documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is difficult to objectively critique this movie, since it is so muddled. There are some scenes that are humorous and the actors are in some way redeeming. It could be a good movie for the kids, but it has to be muddled and incomprehensible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm trying to understand how this movie was shot in the first place. I've seen the movie, and it is not even that bad. The movie is bad. It is the worst movie I have ever seen. I would recommend watching a friend's old friend's movie with you, just don't waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, despite its lack of plot, the worst film I have ever seen. I am baffled as to why this movie was not withdrawn from the festival in London, and I think the festival was run by the festival organiser for the last half of it. This movie really does not provide much entertainment, and the acting is bad, but I can't see why this was not made into a film. If you want to watch a bad film, don't go to this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I don't know what this movie was about. It was bad, the acting was bad and the writing was bad. This was just horrible.  I would love to see the acting come together and be good, like the rest of the movie. The movie is really, really bad, but the acting, writing, and everything else is so bad, that it is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen many bad movies in my time, and I can honestly say that I've NEVER seen anything that bad since. The last time I've laughed this hard at a movie was like a 15th Grade play. The only one that comes to mind is the movie "Vigilante" starring Jason Lee (whom I don't even remember), and it's not even that funny. This movie is not even funny.  I'm going to say it's time to go for the Hollywood movies, and for a change take your mind not this crappy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie a rating was because I had to see it to try to understand how awful it was. I could hardly understand it. There is nothing to be said. The director must have wanted to show off his talent. The actors must have been desperate for work, but no-one else did.  My biggest problem with the movie is the soundtrack. The music was awful. There was no ambient music, no realistic sound effects, and no voices. There wasn't even one laugh in the entire movie. The plot is the worst I have ever heard. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you might have gathered from the title, this film is about some guy's struggle against the elements of nature and the law of gravity, and his odyssey ends with him getting his heart broken by some sort of animal.  In a strange turn of events, the director goes out with his camera crew to a remote area and shoots some footage of nature, where you can see the wild animals, but you can't hear anything.  The result is a film so bad that I turned it off after 15 minutes, and the acting is so amateurish that it made me sick.  A total waste of 2 hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was just awful. The movie is a terrible movie. The director was an amateur at best. The music is bad, the sound is bad and the script is awful.  I gave this movie a rating of 1/10, the lowest it will go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 20 minutes of the movie were pretty good. The movie itself was good, but the characters were really boring. The characters talk about their feelings and feelings about the loss of their loved ones and about the people who are around. I think that is really what this movie is about.  I think the movie was just plain bad. The story and the acting is really stupid and the plot is really dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie by accident, and I had to give it an attempt. It's not a movie about a man in love, but a movie that tries to tell the tender side of an old man that he can't get any woman to be interested in his life.  The only thing that made this a fun movie was the soundtrack. I think the director ruined the soundtrack by adding songs that were just so annoying.  This movie doesn't seem to have any good acting talent, and the plot doesn't have much interest either. The acting is bad, the direction is bad and the cinematography is very poor.  I found this movie boring and didn't entertain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very dull and badly directed.  The only good movie is The General, which is a sad film indeed.  If you like low budget movies, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film has a few positives. It's very predictable and the story is poorly developed.  The plot is poor, and the script is poor. The cast is pretty bad, especially the females.  Overall, the film is very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate that this film was only shown in the summer months because the main actors did not seem to be able to act. It is sad that a film about a family that is forced to watch this garbage on a daily basis for the rest of their lives, as is the case with the majority of the people who do not watch it. I have seen films where this kind of thing is shown and they are horrible. This film was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe that they would waste more of my time with this rubbish.  I guess I would like to be able to watch the movie from start to finish and see how bad it was. I would then realise that it had been a long time since I had last seen it and that perhaps I should have a good time and maybe not watched it at all.   This was a bad film. I don't know why it didn't get a rating when they have such a good cast and a good script and director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first 30 minutes of the movie were promising, but when I finally saw the end of the film, I was astonished. I knew this movie was a bad rip-off of "The Cutting Edge", but I didn't think it was the cutting edge.  There are some really good scenes, and they are awful, and some of the acting is good, but the story is weak, the special effects are weak, and the story just doesn't make sense.  The ending, for what it was worth, was the most disappointing thing in the whole movie. The only thing that made it worthwhile was the beautiful Marina Vlady. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie based on the premise that it would be like a 'Wedding' movie. The idea that the movie would be that is completely absurd. It is absolutely the worst movie I have ever seen. I mean, the acting is bad, the plot is terrible and the movie is just completely boring.  If you are going to see a movie, then don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember watching this movie in the 80's when I was 16, and I can still vividly see the old acting, old plot lines, and the crappy cinematography of the film. It wasn't even interesting then! The only thing that really surprised me was the "Old People" section. It is only interesting for the old, and even then they are a minority of the total population. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has nothing special about it other than it was made to be a laughably terrible movie.  The cast of actors were awful. The plot was bad.  I think the only reason this movie was funny was because of the plot.  It had a good theme song in it, and it was awful funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the only film about the world of football. The only reason to watch this film is because it stars Michael Clarke Duncan (of "The Amazing Race"), and because it features a movie that has Michael Clarke and an acting coach named "Brian Flemming" as the main actors.   I was looking forward to this film for the first quarter of it, but it was not to be. Instead, I was left wondering why I wasted my time.  My guess, because of the ridiculous plot, horrible direction and, worst of all, a totally incompetent lead actor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're to see this film, be my guest, I'll tell you how it's.    First of all, the story is not even really bad. It's bad acting, bad dialog, bad direction, bad editing, bad...I mean, just, awful.  This is the kind of movie that's just so bad it's good. The actors are the worst of the movie, but the director is good as well.  The only thing that's good about this film is the soundtrack.  I'd recommend avoiding this one at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about an African American girl, her father is a minister, her brother is a priest, her sister is a homicidal maniac, her mother is a witch, her grandmothers a witch and her brothers, aunts, cousins, are all crazed to get the girl and get revenge on her tormentors.   If you want to watch a good movie, watch "Pom Pom," this is the one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time on TV, and I watched it again, this time for the sake of the kids.  It is sad to see such great talent wasted in such a bad flick.  The kids are now allowed to watch a movie that they may get bored of, and there is no real message.  My advice to anyone considering this movie is don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of young bucks decide to go on a road trip to the Big Apple to see a movie, so they get a rental from the rental shop and head out to the film festival. The film is so bad, that by the end of the film you want to leave.   The film isn't bad, but there is nothing good to say about it. It's bad, and the actors are so bad you have to leave after a few scenes.  My advice - if you want a fun trip to see the film, don't. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a stupid movie. The first 15 minutes are cute, but then they go into an hour long story that is more reminiscent of a high schooler's daydreaming about a day at school. At the end, it is no more than an hour after I gave up.  I have no idea why this movie got such poor reviews. The movie is not funny, the acting is bad, the plot is bad and the direction is worse than the rest of the crap.   The only funny thing is the cameo appearances of the director of the film, and the star of the movie.  It is sad when people who made such a bad film are on such a low level that the movie is no longer funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is really stupid. This is an attempt to make a "Kung Fu" movie but ends up being a complete failure.  The only good thing about the entire movie is the title, which is really, really, stupid. So just, not good.  There are no special effects. The camera is not steady and does not zoom. And the fight choreography is not exciting and does nothing to help the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie a few years back on TV, and it still haunts me now, even though I can't really remember the movie I saw it in. I was just bored and couldn't understand the story, so I ended up watching it, and the whole time I was wondering why it was so bad, and I didn't care because I saw some of the scenes from the movie, and thought, "This is just horrible, and what can I say, it wasn't the best movie ever made, and was a really bad movie. The ending was really disappointing."  My advice is don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is bad. I have seen a lot of bad movies, but I really hated this movie.  The story has been told before, and it is no different. The acting is bad, and the ending is nothing special.  There is not enough story, acting, and character development to make a movie like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is wrong with the film is that it is about a woman in a coma. The woman wakes up from a nightmare, and runs to a house and bangs her head against the wall. When she gets up to find a mirror, she finds that it has the same effect as the nightmare. The mirror is really just a nightmare image, the only difference is that the nightmare is about the man, and the mirror is about what she looks like.  I have seen the film and can't believe that this is the only movie that this woman has ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie for the second time, I think it was about the same time as "Pulp Fiction"  So I was expecting a lot from the first movie. The film is so poor, the acting is bad, and the script is bad. It could be the worst film I've seen in my time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this movie, the main character is a poor wannabe writer who is writing his memoirs on a plane trip when he witnesses the murder of a very rich woman in a parking lot. He goes from this point, a wannabee writer is a wanky story of the wackiest murder, a plot to make it bigger and a whole bunch of people are killed in this movie.  In conclusion, the movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible.  The story is weak, the acting is horrible, and the script is terrible.  I will admit that there are some beautiful looking cinematography shots. I just think this movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know where to begin. I saw this movie at the cinema when it came out. I just didn't know how bad it was. I don,t really like the movie. I am a huge Richard Gere fan. He plays this part so much, that he is probably not really able to get away with it. The story is really bad.  The movie starts with a bunch of kids that are playing a really stupid game in the woods. They are making stupid animals, like bears, rats, foxes, etc... They are doing things like putting stones through the eyes of a cat and making them disappear. It is so bad, that it is really stupid and the story is stupid.  It also seems like the actors really don't do a good job, and the movie just looks like a mess. I'm a big Richard GERE fan, and I just did not like the story very much. The acting is very poor. The movie also looks like the whole movie is really poorly put together. The entire movie is an hour and a half long and I feel like I wasted about three hours of my life watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm not sure why this movie is called "Worst Movie" when it's so much more a waste of my time than that.  I'll just say it's bad, bad, very very bad.  The plot was predictable, the acting was horrible, the editing was poor and the acting wasn't very good either.   As for the movie itself, this was a joke that could have been a very good one if I weren't already on a date with my date.  Overall, a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie I have ever seen, in the worst way possible. It is just not funny. The main plot has a bad beginning, the ending is bad, and there is nothing special at all. It's all the same old humor, nothing special.  I don't see anything funny, I don't know how to laugh, but it was so bad I couldn't even finish watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disappointment from me. The only good comment I can make about this film is to compare it to the other bad films. It is not as if this movie was all good. It was the worst film I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie in a small cinema in São Paulo and had my heart racing. It was bad enough to be funny, but it was so bad it wasn't funny. It wasn't even the worst comedy movie I have ever seen, and it was awful.  There was one funny scene in this movie, which had the most potential. I found the scene funny. I don't know if the director was a fan of João Mário Grilo, or just his own work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of stuff I saw in the movie and I'm still in the process of getting my copy of it. I mean, come on.   The acting was terrible. The story was bad. The ending was terrible and the ending left you with a very unsatisfying feeling after watching this movie. I was thinking to myself, what the hell did I just watch? This movie has to rank as one of the worst films I have ever seen.  Don't waste your time watching this. I recommend that you spend your time getting a cold medicine instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts with a woman who wants revenge on the guy who took her sister away.  And this is no good.  The movie starts out good and you have a good idea about the bad guy who is after her.  So the movie is OK, I guess.   I'm gonna give this one a three out of ten. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on TBS and I was horrified that I had wasted my time. The acting was horrible, the plot was bad and the story was, well, let me put it simply, stupid. The only funny part was the ending, and that was the only part of the movie that made me laugh.  If you enjoy movies that are just bad enough and don't take them too seriously, you will enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original series started with a great deal of promise and I was hoping for something more. This movie was completely crap and not good. I mean it was so bad, so uninspiring, and the ending could have been the greatest. I saw it as an hour and a half of my life gone. I was going to throw up.  It was so un-inspiring and just not that interesting that I actually laughed at the end. The plot is so predictable, and so weak that you could fly through the air and land with no problems at all.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has the look and feel of a bad rip off of the original cartoon. The only thing that saved this movie was the good acting and good use of animation and special effects. It looked like a good cartoon. I would have given it a zero if it wasn't for the music and the ridiculous plot. I guess the only thing better is that it is a remake of the 'Mystery Men'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the result of a plot to make a movie about a woman who becomes a vampire and wants revenge on the man who killed her husband and her brother. She begins her mission to exact her revenge on this guy by seducing him and having sex with his dead body. He wakes up and blames his nightmare and tries to kill her.  She is saved by her brother and her vampire powers. The brother is just as bad as the first one.  The whole film is just plain boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't remember when it was.  It started at 4am and it ended at 5am. I was waiting around for the bus home and I just found this movie.  The acting was terrible.  I saw this movie in a public cinema and after the whole movie I had to get up and walk around the corner to find a bus.  If you liked "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" or "The Cat and the Canary" this is not the right movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this film is 'Omen IV: The Awakening', and it is nothing more. This film is just an endless parade of bad actors, bad cinematography, bad editing, and bad everything else. I give it 1 star for the director, director of photography, and producer of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. I did like it and I am glad that it was not the movie it could have been. I am not a huge fan of B movies, but this is very bad and there is nothing special about it except for the fact that it is a B movie.  The story is nothing more than an excuse to showcase a few bad actors in a movie. The movie is badly directed. The actors are badly underdeveloped. The whole movie is nothing new, nothing at all. I have not seen a movie like this before.  I have to admit, the movie was funny. The fact that there are only two characters that are good is not a bad thing.  If you want a comedy that is good, don't waste your time watching this movie. I will be wasting time watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a funny, and dare I say stupid movie, then this is for you.   The movie was made for the hell of it's title, and it was a dud.  It was like the movie was the first time I watched the entire movie at once.  The plot is bad, and the characters are annoying. The only good thing in the whole movie is the plot.  I laughed out loud at the beginning of the movie. The jokes are bad.  This movie is nothing to waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful, and I wanted to go out and get the "real" story.  I found myself having trouble sitting through the movie, and there is nothing new. This is all made up for the hell of it, and it just goes on forever.   The story of this movie is very, very boring.  First of all, let's start by saying that this movie was not funny. I did laugh once in the entire movie. The rest of the movie was just boring. It's a very dull movie.  This is not even the worst movie I have ever seen.  Please, don't waste your time with this movie. Even if you enjoy it, it is not worth the money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning, it was nice to see a beautiful home made for the holidays, but the movie turned out to be a very average 'B' horror flick. It isn't scary at all, the acting is not scary, the directing is not interesting and the script is not funny.  The movie isn't good at all. It is not entertaining at all... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A woman becomes a nun after seeing a series of disturbing images from a strange book. The nun has a daughter and she tells her mum about the events.   When mum turns up on the doorstep, the nun tells her about the strange occurrences that happened in the house and then leaves and never returns.  The next day, mum is contacted by a phone psychic and the mother has the psychic to visit her again.  That night, the mother awakens and goes to the house. She goes in and finds a book in the attic that she had been reading. The book is about a book that describes a book and she goes inside to find the book. She looks at the book and sees images of the book's illustrations and the book in her hands. When she touches the book, the book becomes real. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's some good acting here but nothing special. The plot is very weak and the dialogs are stupid. Some good lines are "The last time i saw her" and "You're like the best friend" - both of these are good lines.  If you enjoy the movies from this director don't watch this one! It will spoil your fun. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like the way they filmed this and edited it, but it just looks like the camera didn't work very well and it's just a waste of film. The acting is horrible, and the camera doesn't capture the essence of what the movie is trying to show. It's not the way the movie shows people that are poor and desperate for attention, it's not how the movie portrays the people that just try to get out of their misery and live a normal life. It is all about the bad acting, the bad directing and the poor editing. The movie just doesn't know how to make you feel for the characters, it just doesn;t care what happens to them. I don't know if the actors are from different countries, I don;t know. It seems to be from Turkey. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with some good shots of the house in the neighborhood of Palisade. They are nice shots of old, fast, and cheap cars parked and ready to roll. This is what we get for the first half of the movie. The movie has a good opening scene where the family is pulling out their binoculars as they see the car and hear the roar of a train. But soon, we are treated to the constant squawking, banging noises, and whining of a baby who just wants to be taken away and put in a box. The whole movie is just a bunch of whiney noises and screaming. The main characters are just ignored and we don't get any characterization of the actual family members or the plot.   The only really good thing is that we get some nice shots where the kids are talking to the train. It makes me wonder why did the parents ever think the train was going to crash? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge Ramones fan, and was looking for something to watch on a rainy Saturday afternoon. I am very tired and can't wait for it to end. I got it on late at night, but I was extremely disappointed.  What we got was a dull and lifeless movie. I watched it thinking it was going to be funny. It was not. I mean it was just really awful.  I mean, come on, the only funny parts were the ending. That is so not funny, I mean funny.  And the special effects were really, really bad. Like a bad remake of 'Plan 9 from Outer Space'. Really.  But I was still waiting for the funny parts to come.  The movie was not funny. The acting was horrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this film a 10 is the performances of the two main characters. Both look bored out of their mind, both have a script that is all word-of-mouth, all the rest of the cast are a bunch of unknowns, and there is not much action. So, as a result I give it a poor 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film starts off well but it never gets going. The characters are not interesting and the story is not interesting at all. The acting is poor, the script is bad, the dialog is poor and the whole film is a mess.  This film is not funny and it is not entertaining at all, not even amusing.  The direction is poor.   This is the second film in the bad movie "Nekromantiks" (Nekroma) by Michael Haneke, and this is a major disappointment. The original "Neki" was much better, much more exciting.  I have not been amused since watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's nothing new or exciting about this movie. I can't even believe that a guy like this would be so generous with his own precious time. I'd give it a 2. I watched this movie for 45 minutes, and then I stopped. It's just boring.  The acting is terrible. The acting sucks, and that's about it. I mean, come on, is it the worst movie I've ever seen? I give it one point for acting, but the rest of it...  I mean...  It's really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that bothered me about this movie was the acting and the plot. The movie is just a big pile of garbage and no real life or plot or anything like that. It's boring and the movie is horrible. I could have done better than this movie. I guess I can't blame the director because he doesn't really seem to know how to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched the movie in the first hour or so, and I was thoroughly disappointed. The story was not even close to believable. There were too many absurd scenes that made no sense.  In conclusion, this movie is a waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I wanted to know the movie before watching. I thought it would be funny. I was wrong. The movie was not funny at all. The acting was not good, but the plot was not interesting and the ending was completely unbelievable. It looked like a comedy.  There are several good movies with the same theme (different humor) in them. In this one, it was a love story. In the other two, it had something to do with the car. In those two, the humor was stupid.  In this movie, it's just an excuse to be terrible. I give this movie a rating of 0/10 for the good actors, 0/5 for the actors who did good jobs, and a 0.5/10 if the movie was made for the kids. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and thought that it was a very boring movie. There was nothing special about it.  The movie is not funny at all. The characters are so dumb and unsympathetic that you really wonder if they are actually trying to do a good deed, or if they really think that this movie is a masterpiece of art.  If you liked "Pulp Fiction" you will probably like this movie, but I think you will just be very disappointed.   I would like to recommend that you leave this movie alone and do not watch any other movie with the same plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, so dumb, that you have to wonder why it was made.   The plot was bad, the acting was awful, the story was bad and the humor was not funny.  I don't know how this movie got so low rated, it could have been a good comedy, or a bad horror flick.  The funny part is the "good guys" part, the "bad guys" are the zombies and the "nice guys" the good guys are the good ones.  This is one of the worst movies I've seen. It's not funny, it's not interesting and it's very, very boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is bad. The actors are bad. There is a whole new level of bad acting and horrible cinematography. The story is not original, and in my opinion is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has all of the trappings of a bad film. It is bad acting, bad writing, bad directing, bad music, and bad editing. I mean the only good thing in the entire movie is the brilliant acting and music. This was the movie I watched in the wee hours of my life. I have no idea how this movie was able to capture my attention. I do not know how the producers of this movie were able to make it. I know I would have stopped laughing at the first 15 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big fan of the Lord of the Rings and this movie was not my first time watching it.  I saw it because my friend recommended it to me. It is not one of the worst movies I have ever seen and I have to admit that watching a movie with a lot of bad effects and a poor story is not very enjoyable. The acting was bad, the characters were not well developed and the direction was terrible. It looked like the director was trying to create a movie of his own and wanted to have his own film.  This movie was very, very boring. It could have been a great movie if I could watch it in slow motion. The plot is not good. The story was not interesting and this could be a great story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original concept is a simple film. There are some interesting images. The music is poor. I mean, who plays anything like that? The acting is crap, the story is terrible. The directing is crap. It is not interesting.  The only interesting things are the music and the images. I could have done a much better movie if the directors and the writer had actually given me the time to work with the visuals and to come up with interesting dialogs.  I am really disappointed that there is no sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film in the early summer of 2005, after seeing the title-sequence of it. It wasn't even as bad as "Alive." But it was still awful.  This was an hour and a half film. I remember seeing it and getting bored. It was bad enough, the film was boring and the pace was slow.  It's been said before, the acting was okay.  And, let's not forget the fact that the script was written by Robert C. Scott and not James O. Steiner.   The plot was terrible. I know it's not a "film" but the fact remains.  The direction wasn't too bad, but it wasn't good enough to make it worth watching.  I found the ending to be completely incomprehensible and very illogical. There was no logic behind it.  Oh, and the last five minutes of the movie were just weird and I found it very strange and confusing.  So, I'll give this movie a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very cliched and predictable. The actors and the story are both poor.  I can't understand how this movie got such a high rating... It's not funny...   The only good thing is that the plot is very boring...  I don't know what happened... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of those low budget movies that is produced by a company called MASH which is owned by the MASH family who happen to run the family's winery. MASH was once the family winery's top tenant. Now the family is living in a winery owned by a group called the New Age Church. The New Age church is run by Reverend H.E. Cray who is the son of Cray's wife and who runs the winery along with his wife and his two daughters. CRAY is an old man who lives a life of sin and gambling which is the only way he can keep his family clean. He has to live off the winemaker's profits.  Now Cray goes to Cray and asks for help with his family's business. He agrees but after he gives Cray a small amount of money he becomes angry and goes to the winemaking group and starts asking them for help.   I don't know if Cray is telling the truth or not, and the movie doesn't tell either way. It's the kind of movie that I would normally enjoy, but this one isn't bad enough to rent or buy.  If you are going to watch this movie don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought the DVD on a whim and I thought I would enjoy it. I was surprised with the plot line, and I was very disappointed with the film. The story line was completely ridiculous and not realistic at all. I thought that the movie was a load of pretentious rubbish. The director should have realised that if his movie was to be realistic and not just a parody of something else, then I would not have been able to watch it. The plot line and the acting was completely non-existent. I would advise people not to waste their time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad worse than a bad soap-opera.  I know, it is a film about a couple of guys in their 20's who are planning a "zine". The acting is bad, the plot is poor, the camera is slow, and the sound is bad.  The main characters are bad guys. There are some good supporting roles as well, like the "Zine writer" and the "zines editor".  The only real "zINE" I liked was the one starring "Riley" (played by Jeremy Ironside). It is the only role that has any substance to it.   There is really nothing new here, no real story, no new characters, no nothing at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film so boring I was practically rolling on my floor.  My friend looked it up from the video shop and said it looked like a good but boring movie. The whole movie is so bad, it was painful.  If you see it and get the urge to check out the movie, I'm sure you will. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst of all horror films I've seen, and it ranks up there with the worst horror films ever made. In this film a group of friends decide to go to a cemetery in Florida to see a headstone that has the name of the deceased on it. One by one they walk past the headstone and decide to look at the inside. What a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the other reviews and was really looking forward to this movie. It's not that bad. I saw this film at the festival in Barcelona, and I was quite impressed. I think the movie was too old and too boring. The script seemed to be all the clichés and not that special at all.  I don't see how a movie that is about animals and was made in such a short time could be so disappointing. It has no sense of style. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is pretty standard and the movie is pretty pointless and the ending is...well it is. The only thing that could have made me like this movie is the cast. There is nothing special about this movie, everything is boring and the story is weak. I think it is best Serbian movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an absolutely crappy movie. The plot is non-existent, the acting is bad, the dialog is crappy and the characters are all completely unbelievable. The ending is a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is just a bad joke that's been copied a lot, but never released anywhere else.  There's some good humor, but it's really not funny.  The acting is really bad, and the movie really is awful.  This isn't worth watching, I'm really surprised that it's only been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a bit shocked at how bad this movie was. The movie starts off good. I can't wait for that, but then it is bad. It has really bad special effects. The characters are lame and the acting is bad, I mean really bad. The music is not interesting, and the story is not very interesting at all. It starts off very good, and I really wanted to laugh at the very beginning. It doesn't even seem to make sense. The plot is not worth watching at all, and just becomes boring after a few minutes. I mean, the movie was not funny at all! The special effects were not even good enough to make it worth watching. The only good parts are the first 10 minutes.  So, the story wasn't good at all...and the movie is the absolute worst movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is absolutely horrible! The acting is bad, the music is bad and the whole thing is a joke. The main reason that I watched this film is that I wanted to watch it again because it is a terrible movie. The acting was terrible and I just hope that the director had a good laugh because he did not deliver the punchline.  The only good thing about this movie is the music... it was really the only good music in this movie. If there is any credit to be given for the movie... this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to describe this movie is as bad as the badness that it is. I've seen the worst of the B movies. And this was the movie that I never saw. It is so bad that I actually had to turn it off when I saw it. It's a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is weak, the acting is bad, and the ending was predictable and uninspired.  I give it a 3 out of 10 because I thought it was very silly, and I was surprised with all the swearing.  This movie was bad, the plot was weak, and then the ending came....  I am surprised with the fact that there was no resolution to it.... It felt rushed and not resolved.  It was not the worst movie ever, I give this movie a 1 out of 100, and a 1 for the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I will say that the director has no idea how to make such a thing.  The acting is awful, the script is bad, and the ending is awful.  I can't believe the people who made this movie gave a F rating to it because I really don't understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are two types of moviegoers: 1) those who are genuinely interested in art-house drama, and 2) those whose only entertainment comes from watching people dance. Both groups seem to be getting a little tired of the same old, formulaic, predictable movie over the past few years, so we should have listened to them, and maybe they would have had something different.  I don't think it's fair to say that The Man with the Gun is one of those movies.  The Man With the Gun has many of the elements that are staples of bad movies: an ending where the hero is shot, a shootout, a lot of gunfire, and a lot blood and guts. This film just ends with the hero dead and all is left.   It's just not realistic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. The whole movie is about a group of four students who go to a cabin in a middle America town for the summer. There are a number of bizarre happenings that happen, and there's nothing special. The main problem is that there are a lot of students with an urge to rape the women in the cabin.  This was a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that I didn't like the movie. I think that the director ruined the movie for me, but that is why I give this a score. The actors were bad. The movie is about as boring as a bad dream. I would have given the movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this movie is a big rip off of the original. I mean, if you are going to make a horror movie, don't. A horror movie should be something different, something that actually scares the heck out of the people. That's what the movie did.  The movie was actually really interesting. I would have liked to have seen the original but I think it was just not that scary. I know that there is a lot of people who think this is the movie that got started and that this is really the only movie. So, instead of a good scare, it turned into a boring movie that I think that I would like to recommend to people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I can see why this movie has received so much hype. If you have nothing better to do do, just avoid it like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people don't like this film, but I personally don't think it was that bad. The plot is lame, the acting is bad, the cinematography is terrible, and the ending is bad. I found the ending to be very stupid and completely senseless, as if they wanted to make a film about the plot of this film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very simple, and I just do not understand why I bother to watch this movie. The acting is very bad, the story is bad, and the direction is awful.  The only thing that made me enjoy this movie was the sound track. The sound track is so bad that I am stunned how they could have put this movie together.  This movie should have been removed from DVD, and all I had to endure was the time I lost to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first ten minutes of the movie were promising. The first two thirds of the film were pretty good. The movie continued with promising scenes. The director eventually made a move towards the story line and everything started to make sense and it didn't make sense.  The last 10 minutes were nothing. The ending is a real let down.  What really happened? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very disappointed by the fact that a movie called "The Man in the Mirror" isn't much better. The film is nothing more than a dull, poorly made, boring film. It doesn't have any of the charm of "The Mirror Man". The movie just sits there like a bad dream. I wish I could say more because it just doesn't make sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am very disappointed with this film. The acting is bad, the plot is non-existent and the acting is very bad, which I thought is a very odd combination.   It is not very funny, nor very depressing, the acting and writing is poor, the direction is bad and the editing is awful.  I watched it with my friend and we laughed, then we got bored and wanted to watch something else.  So I give it 3/10, that could be one of my highest ratings. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember this show on TV. I didn't laugh once, it was painful. It was like one of those slapstick movies, only it was funny and it didn't make any sense.   I'm not a psychologist, but I can't understand how I could laugh at this movie.  Please do not waste your time watching this movie, do not watch this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is simple. In the early 70's, Hollywood began to see the potential of children's films. I remember a film called "Shaft" where a group of 4-8 year old children made up a story about a rabbit and then proceeded to tell their story to the world. That film was a failure.  I remember watching this and was disgusted at what I thought was a lame attempt at a film. The acting was poor, the direction poor, and the production was terrible.  This film has absolutely nothing to offer. The film has only been watched by 2 people.  The movie is, in essence, an exercise in bad film making. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story is a bad joke from the early days of The New World Order, that is. It is predictable and so dumb that you cant even see it anymore, but I think it was just an alright movie. It was bad in the beginning and it was okay in the end. It seems to be a typical Hollywood movie, but with a laugh track and a bad story.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very much an exercise in bad writing and I must say I'm shocked that this movie was not written with such an intent. The characters are weak and boring and the movie is full of them. The direction is horrible. I think that this could have been an interesting movie if the writing and the acting were more interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm surprised by the plot. What was the purpose of it? Was it a plot to promote a movie for the fans of the film, or was the director trying to show that he had no idea? The film itself was so bad it was hard to believe. It was just a big dumb plot with no clear ideas and no action. It made it impossible for the film to become a real film. The film ended the way I expect it to, but this is the reason I give it a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even going to comment on the story. It's not very good. There are only two stories and the one about the Indian and the other one about one of the characters. It doesn't make much sense, it makes it worse. The movie's main characters are not interesting, and I don't really understand why they are so popular. The other characters are more interesting, some of them are more like caricatures, but the movie does not really make sense.  The movie is also very very noisy and I think the movie would have made better if there was some action scenes, but that's the only positive thing about the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original idea of the story is a boy's journey to find his way home, after a mysterious illness that causes him to lose his parents, and he must fight for his dream. This movie is not about the boy, but a story about a boy, a dream, and a lack of imagination.  The acting is poor, the characters not interesting.  I don't think there are any good movies like this in the history of movie, or even in the 20th century. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big movie buff, and I was really surprised that the first movie of Steven Soderbergh's epic journey to tell the true story of two famous and accomplished players.  I saw this movie at the Palm Springs International Film Festival, and thought that it was the worst movie I've ever seen. The plot is stupid, the direction is bad, and it is just all about how terrible it was.  The only thing that made this movie worthwhile was the cameo appearances of Ms. Soderberg and Ms. O'Brien.   The movie just doesn't have the right story. It's not about the real estate business; it's about how a guy can get the best people to pay their money, and get them to do something they would otherwise not do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD on the promise that it would have some great acting and a great story but boy was I let down. I was very disappointed to learn that it was made to a point of making the whole movie a big joke. The whole movie is really really bad and I have never seen such a bad film in my life. The only thing that was really good was the beginning and the credits at the beginning of the movie.  The whole thing makes for a really really boring film and I will really only recommend this film if you want to watch some really good movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think I can even express my disappointment. This movie had potential but when you see that it had potential and that the story was poor...  The plot was not credible, the acting was not believable, the direction was poor, and the cast was not interesting...   I watched the entire movie on my bed, and I still do, so I really had to give it a 3... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is about a group of people, but nothing more. It is nothing more than a cheap thrill.  The cast are all really bad. Even the main characters are bad actors.  All of the scenes in the movie were awful.   I do like the "romantic" scenes - the director should just show the movie to the public. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main reason for a movie is to showcase a couple of "femme fatale" actresses.  The only reason why I give this movie such a low rating is that it features a fatale twist that has absolutely nothing to do with the actuality of the fatale. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, it's a bad joke. The only reason to watch this movie, if you like "The Good Movie Show" - is for the soundtrack. If you like to laugh at bad jokes you'll love this movie.  I don't recommend this movie unless you like watching bad, bad, funny jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A group of 15 year old students are in a mental institution when their parents commit suicide. They are led to a small room with an old man in a room with a bed, a closet and a sink. They all have a history with mental illness, and with their new found friends and family, a horror story begins. The hospital is run by Dr. Seus who is obsessed with his new found ability to heal patients. They have to fight with each other to stay alive. The film is completely uninteresting and unemotional. It is a complete waste of the time and money to be the only one who saw this horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an actor/director/producer, I am not in the least surprised by the fact that a movie is about a killer's plan to kill his wife (I think, this movie could be called "A killer's attempt to murder his wife") and his own life is just as senseless and uninteresting as I had anticipated. I'm not going to even tell you how this movie is. If you see it on the movie shelf, just put your expectations down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a bang bang bang as the heroines of the film are shown to have a very violent relationship with one another and that the heroine is the one that has to take the fall for the fallen lover. This is all that really makes sense. The story is nothing more than an exercise in self-indulgence. It is an exercise that is designed to make the viewer angry and unsatisfied.  This is an extremely weak and un-enjoyable film. There are moments of great violence.  The sound is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's not even that bad movie, its more that I wasted time watching it! The plot is weak, the jokes are lame, and I mean the whole film is a joke!  The ending is just dumb, the ending is stupid, and the plot is stupid.  If you have nothing better to do do do, go for the laugh track, watch the video, or even better, sit down and watch a really bad movie!!! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a disgraced judge and his new life of "justice" following his arrest for murder, in a time where he has to battle his way through the "justice system". The only thing that makes this movie watchable is the performance of Justin Timberlake. The movie was directed by Steven Soderbergh and his "Bid Time Return" is the only movie that made me feel like watching.  I am really surprised at how bad this movie is, I was hoping for a great plot line, instead I was really disappointed. I mean, come on, it's a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I said, the only reason I gave this movie a rating was because I have to write an account of the time I have been watching it and I thought it would be a good film. It was not. I felt like a piece of junk watching it, and I felt that I was watching the same movie over and over again. The acting is bad, and the plot is crap. The plot has nothing new, and no new ideas. The movie is boring and does not make any sense at all. The direction is bad. The actors do not try to hide anything in it that they did not want to be exposed. The only thing that I could find funny was the ending. The ending had the same effect as the ending of the original film. The end of the first movie was so much better. It is really bad, bad, awful. The second is much better, and funnier. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not bad. It's bad.   The movie is like a terrible film.  There is nothing new, and what is there, is made worse by the fact that it isn't really original.  The acting is horrible, and the script is not funny.  I give the rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was bad. I mean really bad.   I'm all for people that think the world is so important that they have to spend every waking moment with the same people that they hang out with on Saturday Night.  The people that made this film should be ashamed of themselves. They are not even deserving of a grade of 'D' for this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen more of the Lord of the Rings movies in the last 20 years than any other movie. This movie is a joke.  It's the worst movie I have ever seen.  I would have given this movie a rating of 1.5 stars. It was that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an awful movie...  What a waste...  The director and writer should be banned from making more of their own movies... I would like to know where he can get some real work done! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've ever seen, and I haven't laughed out loud since I can remember.  It's not funny. It's just bad.  The acting is awful.  I saw the movie about 2-3 years ago and I saw it again the other day and I still cannot come up with a single laugh, laugh, chuckle, or even a smile. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was so awful, I thought the acting was bad and the plot was not even good. The plot was boring, the characters didn't come together, and the direction was so poor, I was just left with nothing to show for it. The ending is what I expected, it's bad and not very good, and it really makes no sense.  It's not even a horror movie, it is a stupid horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the film is a simple story of an old man that wants to be a hero again. After his brother dies he starts a new journey, but not in a new setting, as it was for him in the 70's.  The cast are weak, there's too many clichés, and the film lacks atmosphere.   I just want to be able to say that I enjoyed it, but it was not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie a disappointment and the movie really did suck. I have watched more than a hundred movies from this movie, but I could not believe that it could get worse than this movie...  The acting was bad, the characters were unsympathetic, and the special effects were the only thing that made this movie worth watching.  I'm giving this movie two out of ten because the first was good and the second was just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story begins with a beautiful setting; a huge, dark-colored castle that is completely engulfed by the darkness of the forest, and a man (Simon Pegg) who wanders into the place and becomes its sole inhabitant.   The man (Pegg) is a young, and his mother (Emily Walker) is completely destroyed by the evil, and has been left in her room in the basement by the landlord (James Hutton). Pegg is completely alone, and in dire need of help. There's also a little girl (Sally Walker) who has been rescued by the monster (the one that Simon brought back to the cellar). They meet, and she immediately starts running. Simon, of course, is not very interested in helping, but he has a good idea, but his mother doesn't seem to care either, as she is completely helpless. So, Simon decides to help, and when Sally asks him to take her back, he tells her he will never help again.  This movie is nothing but an excuse to make a film. I understand that the main reason why this movie was made was because Pegg wanted to be in the title of the movie. In the movie, there are too many details, and too much is missing, and they ended up with a very predictable story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is the worst of the bunch. I saw it on Showtime and the acting was awful. The plot is weak and not credible. The characters are all caricatures of famous actors and are not funny or entertaining. The ending is predictable and the entire thing is a sad disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the worst film i have ever seen. I don't think the acting is very good, and i think that it is a poor man's version of "The Jerk" or "The Hitcher". The plot is not funny, the direction is not very good and there are many holes in the story. The actors are OK, but the plot is so bad, and the ending is so terrible. It is soooo terrible, that i could laugh at it for 5 minutes.  It is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bad pile of cliché and it could be good if the acting was good.  I was expecting a good film about a guy who is on his way to a big event and a woman who just wants to have a fun time and get away from the day to day grind.  So I thought the movie was going to be great. Well the movie wasn't good at all.  The cast was just OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off I have to say that I haven't seen a movie in awhile, but I know I'm going to be disappointed. I have seen so many movies in my time, it's hard to know what I'm looking for anymore. This was the first movie that really made me angry and I felt embarrassed to be from the same country as them.  This movie is just plain awful. I had to fast-forward through it just to watch it. I'm really surprised at the way this movie was made. I really hope that the director doesn't bother making another movie.  I give this movie a zero stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original Star Wars was not an action-adventure, and so many people had a hard time understanding how it would be. The movie's plot is very poor, the acting is very bad, and the direction is completely amateur. I am truly amazed how this movie managed to capture the audience as it has done on IMDb, so much so that some people have actually given this film a rating of 5/10, so I decided to give it a 3 instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the first 10 minutes of the movie and I found myself watching more and more of the other 10 minutes. As far as the plot goes, the movie is not really bad, it has some good dialog and some interesting shots, it is not scary, and it is quite boring. There are some nice shots of cars and people with weird looking faces, and that is the only thing that bothered me. The music is also not good, the acting is not bad, and the last 5 minutes were really not worth it. I will watch the movie for the 10 minutes it has.  I will give this movie a 1 out of 10 because the movie was a waste of 90 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A friend and I watched this movie with him when we were in the cinema. We were sitting in the middle and I didn't understand the movie! The only good comment I could make about the movie would be if you could. The acting was awful and the story was very boring. The movie is a waste of my time and my friend and me felt that we could have been better. The only thing that was good in this movie is the music. I mean really the music was OK. The main song was the worst song ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an awful movie.   It was awful.  The acting is awful. The plot is so poor, the characters are so one dimensional. The acting, writing, directing, cinematography is all amateur.  If you want to watch a good movie watch The Good Earth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad, terrible movie. The main character was a teenager named Charlie, who had gotten killed by a dog. Charlie wakes up from a nightmare and tries to get his dog to walk the old neighborhood. He eventually gets bitten by a bat, and Charlie is put in hospital with severe head and chest pains. Charlie's friends and family try to help him, but Charlie's mother and grandmother think Charlie is a "zombie", and decide to take him back to his house to recover from his severe pains.  This movie had one redeeming factor, the plot. A lot of the movie was predictable, and a lot of times, the characters weren't even in the right mood to react to things.  I give it a 2/10, for Charlie's performance and the rest of the cast. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a film as bad as this one is I think, it is hard to be taken seriously when the lead actors behave like this.  The story is very, very weak, I mean, the main character is a teenager who is very easy to sympathize with. The characters are, I guess, just... boring.  There are scenes where the characters act as if they are completely without any thoughts or feelings. It is just that kind of thing...  There is no real story. The main characters are just all... well... just annoying.  I am sorry, but the actors did a good job, the story just does not have any real content, it just seems to meander and nothing really happens... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not the worst movie I've seen...   It's a piece of garbage and there are some nice moments in the movie (mainly when a woman is shot and killed in a bar fight) but I didn't think it was the worst film I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts well with the premise, a woman is kidnapped by a crazed cult, and is held for ransom by a group of thugs.  The plot is very predictable, with very little character development, and very few surprises or surprises, even after the ransom is made, we're not allowed to see what is happening until the end of the movie, which could be an interesting point of view for a movie, as it would be interesting to see the plot develop from the beginning till the end.  This movie isn't worth watching, and I really hope that this movie gets a decent sequel, even if the director doesn't make a sequel. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've been reading this movie since my friend insisted on watching it. I had a good time laughing and watching the acting.    As much as I wanted to laugh at the movie, it didn't take long before it started to feel like a real waste of time. I stopped laughing at the first twenty minutes and spent the rest of the movie staring at the screen wondering what the heck I was seeing. It's not that the movie is too badly written, nor that the actors were bad, but it's just that I kept waiting for the "romp" to happen. I don't know if this movie is really the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   Aspect ratio: 1.33:1  Sound format: Silent 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I am reading this, I am very astonished that this film was made for the festival in Barcelona. I am really surprised that the director of this film doesn't remember his last day in school. I do not know, and frankly, I would like to know the director.  The fact that this movie was made in the city of Barcelona is quite remarkable. The film was shown in the morning, during the summer time, the day after school, in the middle of the day, with the entire school being outside. The school is still inside the school, with its windows closed. The atmosphere is completely sterile, and the actors acting completely unbelievable. The plot is a completely flat one, the characters are dull, and nothing has changed.  My advice to people wanting to see this film is don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was watching this movie, and I can't even tell you how I feel about it. This movie is so bad, it is bad. There are no suspense, no suspenseful moments. It is very boring and very boring. There is no excitement, no tension, no action, no plot, no nothing. I really think that the director was trying to show some kind of emotions that he tried to hide in the movie. The only emotion that I can like about this movie is the soundtrack. I don't like the sound much, and the songs don't sound anything like a human song. The music is very plain and just very boring, and it is all just really horrible. I mean, I could enjoy watching a movie without music, but this movie does not have any music.   The only thing that made me like this movie was the acting. The actors all really did their best. The acting is all bad, the acting is awful, the plot is weak and the cinematography is worse than the script.  This movie has very few redeeming features. It has the same old plot, and that is really sad. I would like to see the characters in other movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is the poorest thing I have ever seen and I'm not even going to go into it. The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the script is so bad I had to stop watching it and was disgusted.  This movie was just a waste of time and I will not recommend this film to anyone, not even if your a child actor who thinks he can act.  I can't even recommend this movie to anybody, unless you are really really desperate for your eyes to see what you have to live with.   I will tell you what, if you get a chance, I will pray for you to go see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one big joke after another.  The acting is bad, the story is bad and the ending is... not.  This film isn't worthy of your time and your money, it is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie was never funny. I just saw the movie and I can't even describe it to my friends. The only funny part was the parts where the actors were talking about a girl's dream and then the girl is waking up from her nightmare. Also, the main character is not the girl's real name and he has a real personality. And what's the worst part of the movie? A friend who has the worst dream ever and it gets worse. He is so stupid and obsessed with her dream. The movie should have been so much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking for something to pass the time on, and I came across this movie...  This movie is really bad. The acting is bad. I can't believe it was only an hour or two long movie... the ending was bad. All the other characters are boring and un-sympathetic...  Don't waste your time on this movie, because the director is really out of his mind.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a waste of my time. It has nothing to do with the real world.  The acting was bad and the writing was poor. The script was stupid and the direction was awful.  I am not going to waste any more words. The only good thing I can say is that I liked "The Good Earth".  I think the people who wrote this movie have some great ideas. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand how this film could have been any better, because I don`t understand how it made it.  What I did understand is that it`s an absolute waste of time. I mean, come on, really, I have to see it. I really do.  I am a horror film fan, and I found this film to be extremely, incredibly, utterly pointless, plain crap.  The acting was awful, the script was horrible. I don´t understand, I don't understand what this movie was trying to say.  Oh, well, the film was, at least, entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was a big disappointment and is really really sad... The acting is horrible, the script is very predictable and just the end is really sad. The story is predictable and all in all a waste of my time... It has not a good ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's one of those "The Adventures of Pluto Nash" that I see listed in the "Annotated list of Most Rated Movies" and it really is just a parody of one of the original "Hobgoblins" (which is actually better than this). It's just a stupid movie. The only thing that saves this movie is because of the plot. I'm sure the plot was a lot like the original, except that the ending was more like "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (a.k.a. "The College Girl Murders") than this one.  The cast is mostly bad. It's not worth mentioning the lead role (WOW!) that is supposed to be "the greatest" (as per the rating given by IMDb users). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been made several times by various directors. The first one, directed by Peter Sollett (better known as Peter Solle) is not a bad film. It has the same plot as the "Zabriskiks", which is not bad at all. The movie has no story and no purpose. The whole movie is full of boring scenes of a guy running around aimlessly. A few examples of the movie: - 1. When the car is in the cemetery - 2. When people are running around with nothing - 3. When he is on the train - 4. When they are in the hotel - 5. When Solle is driving around aimless -  This is an extremely bad movie and I strongly advise people to avoid wasting their time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the acting was bad, and I was right. The script is crap. And the way they tried to show that this movie was somehow better than a B grade play was ridiculous.  The only thing that made me like this movie is the fact that it was filmed in 3 days in a real "natural" setting.  This is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as I love being able to see a good movie, this is certainly not one of them. This is the kind of movie that I am so tired of seeing. It is really really the only movie that is funny in the whole world.  The only funny thing in this movie is the one line that I said at the beginning of the movie. I mean the first line in the entire movie. And that line is not funny.  If you want to see one funny movie, I recommend "The Shop Around the Corner". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about a group of girls, one of whom is a high school senior, who are bullied by their classmates. They have a pretty girl friend who wants to go to a baseball game with her, and the bully, a guy, gets mad and starts hitting them. But they all keep running, and he ends up in a hospital for abuse and neglect, and a day later he comes back and is very sad to see them all happy. They're just so scared and sad, and just waiting for something horrible to happen. This movie is about as depressing as "The Rookie" without a good story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, let me be clear, I am not the one who saw the movie, and neither am I the one that made the movie. I did watch the movie with my girlfriend, and I think she liked it too, because her opinion was what I expected from the beginning. But I didn't like it, nor did the other girls. We only saw the "making of" feature, which was an interesting insight into how this movie had been made. In the end, I had no idea what it was all about. It didn't seem to be anything special.   I guess the movie could be called a "4D" movie, because it looked so much like a bad horror movie, or like a B movie with CG in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable and badly directed movie with bad special effects and bad acting and plot. The movie is so bad that you don't even know if you've watched it until it's in the middle of the movie or if it's just an old rerun. The main character is a woman with an obsessive disorder who has to stay in the house and get enough food to survive. Her husband is also obsessed and she tries to get him to eat more than he's already eating. The acting is bad and the plot is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is wrong with this movie is the acting of the two main characters. They are totally wooden and boring and their story is absolutely devoid of any real feeling. I mean, the whole movie is about a bunch of characters that are totally unsympathetic, and that is the only real point of the movie. The whole movie was an absolute waste of time.  If you want to watch a funny movie, watch "Spin" and "The Jerk" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a bad mess. I know it's bad when the acting is bad, the characters are awful and the director can't act.  The only good thing about this movie was that it kept saying the same old songs for the entire movie. It was not interesting at all, and I really don't know how I could take it seriously.  It had a really annoying ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste! This movie should never have been made.   I am ashamed of the people who made it and of the producers. I have watched every episode of this show and they are all bad.  My friend tried to watch this movie and it was so boring I gave it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst films I have ever seen. It is so bad I have seen it twice now. I had to see it a third time because it was so bad.  I can't see how they can expect to make a sequel to such a good movie. It was great masterfully done. I thought the first movie was brilliant and the second was just plain good. The best parts were the special effects, lighting and camera work.  The story is so boring and I just sat there wondering what the director was going to do next. The only thing that I liked was the story line. It wasn't great at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've never seen a movie that had such a boring story line as this. The only good thing about this movie is seeing Jack Frost again. And if you don't like Jack Frost then you don;t understand why I gave this movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had been looking forward to seeing this film and I was extremely surprised to see it was only an hour and a half long!  It really wasn't terrible. It was quite strange. It looked like the actors were reading from cue cards.  There wasn't any acting at all. The plot was really stupid. I guess the producers needed a few beers before the movie started. The director could have been drunk instead of the screenwriter! I just did not know what to expect. I don't know why I was so surprised at this movie.    It is not like I saw this film when I was young. There was nothing in it that I did not like. I do know that it did not make me like it, because I was not a kid, but I could see that it was trying to make a statement about the government or something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a terrible, boring movie. It is nothing more than a big, boring, stupid "B" film with a predictable story, bad actors, bad camera work, bad directing and, worst of all, the worst sound design of the entire film.  I've seen a lot of horror films in my time. I have not seen one that sound this bad... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the BIFFF festival in Melbourne, Australia, and was completely disgusted by it. This movie is so bad I gave it a rating of 1/10.  I've never read the book, so I can't compare to the movie. The movie was very dull, the movie could have been much better.  My rating: 1/2*(Possible spoilers). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the first episode of this show was pretty much the first installment. It was like a mini series.  I guess I just didn't get it, because I didn't see the whole thing.  The story was alright, but the characters were really not all that interesting, and some of them were pretty interesting.  If the show had continued, there would have been a lot more action and suspense, but it wasn't very interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What do you get?   A predictable movie with predictable dialog and no real sense of motive or what it was all about.   It is not interesting, and there is no real feeling to it.  I could go on, but I would rather just tell you that I am not going to. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie and was wondering, was this supposed to be the romantic-comedy-but-with-a-scary-ending-the-plot-part-one-of-two. Well, it wasn't.  The only real fun part was the very, very long-winded "love is the strong and invincible sword," which is about as much fun as watching paint dry.  And if you're a guy and you like romantic-comedies, this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is very corny, the story is weak and the acting is bad. In the end, what was really bad is revealed to be the greatest show ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete failure. The script is poor and the acting is poor. The plot is weak and the characters are not interesting. I think this movie could be saved by a good editing and good cinematography. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really looking forward to this movie, I thought it would be something to see, but it was really just horrible. The acting was horrible, the plot was weak, and the whole thing was muddled. The story was terrible, and what was even worse was the whole idea behind the whole movie. I don't really know how anyone could make such a movie. It had some good moments, but I couldn't really care about them.  What I did enjoy was the music in the background. I was expecting something like "A Brief History of Time", or something like that, but there was no music at all, and that really didn't help.  This movie really doesn't have anything to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the absolute worst film I have ever seen. The only real good in this movie is that it is very very, very boring. The plot is completely unbelievable and the movie is not entertaining.  The only thing that kept me watching this movie was that it was shot in dark colors. It looked really interesting and it is probably better to watch this movie in the daylight than in the dark.   The cast is all bad except for the very good looking John Goodman, who looks absolutely good and the very pretty Laura Crawford as a nice girl. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad it was funny, I mean that's all I can say. The movie is SO bad I mean it was bad to watch and the acting was awful. The only good thing is the movie is so bad, I don't know how to feel. The good thing about this movie is that it isn't really the worst movie I've seen in a long time and that's what's funny about this whole movie. It is an OK movie, I guess, because I'm really not really sure what's going on with it. The thing that made this movie was the way the movie was directed and produced. It looked like it had a lot of money and not much effort put into it.  So, if you like seeing stupid, mindless and boring movies, you are going to enjoy this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really just terrible. I've never seen anything so stupid before. This is the biggest movie I've seen in the last year. I really don't know what's the meaning of this movie. I mean it could be a really funny movie.  I have never seen such a bad and stupid movie in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It has been said, and it has been stated that there are some pretty good performances in the movie and this was one of them. This movie is bad in all respects and there are quite a few really funny jokes in the whole movie. There are no good jokes, just boring crap. The movie is so bad I am surprised that I have to write such a scathing review.  The movie was bad in the first half hour and the second hour I was laughing so hard I was shaking my head in disbelief. I did not laugh at the end because I thought it was very dumb and predictable. I felt that the end was rushed and I had to go to the bathroom and took it out. It was very, very dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was in love with this movie, but it was not enough. I just saw it, and I can't understand how I wasted my time watching this movie. The characters are one-dimensional, the dialogs are so bad, that the story itself was not interesting, the direction is bad, the camera movements are bad, and the script is very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is not the worst movie I have ever seen. I don't understand how they can make this movie. It is absolutely horrible. The movie is nothing more than a typical b-movie with a bad script, bad editing, bad directing, bad sound, bad acting. I mean the movie is so bad, you have to wonder how the filmmakers spent 20 minutes on it. The only thing that is good about the movie, is the music. The music is the only thing good in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is very disappointing, very unbelievable and, I must say, disappointing. I have watched this movie twice in a row and, yes, I have to be a bit harsh, but I really cannot believe that this movie is not getting any rating here. I just cannot believe how bad this movie was. I mean, the acting is bad, the script is bad and the direction is not that bad.  If you like really bad horror/comedy, I'm sure this is the right movie for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to watch an action-adventure with some great explosions and explosions, watch this movie.  There's nothing new here, and it is not worth watching. The only thing that is worth watching is the credits at the end of the movie, where it states that it is the "last sequel" of the original Bourne Identity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have to admit that I liked the plot of this movie. It's not a thriller, but a failed attempt at a film.  I'll give this movie two thumbs down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the biggest movie ever, but it's the worst movie ever. The acting is horrible, the story is awful, and the sound is horrible. I can't even write this without looking away from the screen, so I'm not sure what else I can say to say, it's just not funny.  The only funny parts are the parts where the movie is at its most boring, but in the middle of the movie, the movie gets ridiculous and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only redeeming features of this film are the cast (which is one of the few redeeming characteristics of the movie).  I can't understand why people who liked it were so adamant about watching this trash. I understand the sentiment in this movie was the same as it was in 'Porno' and 'A' - the only way this film was watchable was to be someone who really loved it.  I do like the concept of the characters in this film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't say I'm a big fan of this show. I was watching it as a kid when it first aired.  What a waste. The jokes are the worst I've ever seen from this show, and the characters are the same ones who are made to appear different.  I give this show a 2 out of 10 because of how bad of a show it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had a pretty good idea when I saw the trailer for this movie, and after watching the trailer I felt compelled to see the movie.   The acting was bad, the plot was dumb, and the cinematography was awful. The plot was weak, the cinematographic was OK, and I don't know why I was able to sleep through it.  The only reason I gave this movie a 3 was because I found the plot of this movie to be so unbelievable. I don`t know what director was thinking when he made this film, I`m not at all surprised that I did.  I just find it strange that the same people who made the trailer of this film can all be the same person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was only a week after the movie was released, and I'm still not sure why I saw it. The movie was so bad I couldn't even fast forward through it. It was very slow, and not as funny as the first movie was. The story and acting was nothing short of painful.  The movie is about a mother that is visited by a psychic and is cured of her recurring nightmares.  Then she starts having visions and dreams of a strange, dark, and ethereal existence.  I am really surprised that this is a movie from the director of the first film.   I can't even recommend this movie to anybody. I would say to avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an American who loves watching a bad film about the world, it was sad when I saw that this was one of those films that was like, "I wish my parents had been dead when I was in the hospital and not me."   This movie should be called "The Dead Movie" because it was horrible. The acting was awful, the direction was not good, the story was weak, the cinematography was too noisy, and the music was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie a lot in the past. I'm not going to repeat it here. The plot is stupid, the acting is terrible and the ending is...well, I don't know. I just wish I could find this movie on DVD and watch it over and over again. I can't believe that the cast and crew of this movie took the time to make this film.  The only reason I give this movie 4 out of 10 is because of the acting. This movie is horrible.    I rated the movie at a 2 out of 5 because...   1/5 = 100 points  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely awful. If you are going to waste your time watching this film then don't waste any more time. The acting is horrible. The directing is worse. The script is stupid. The sound is terrible. The film is so bad, you can't even feel the urge to fast forward.  There are two reasons to watch this movie.  Firstly the sound. I know the soundtrack was good, I've heard good music, I think that they were trying to make a soundtrack to accompany this film.  Secondly, this film has a plot.   The plot is the worst film I've ever seen. The characters are so one dimensional that it's almost impossible to even recognise who's doing what to whom.  I wouldn't recommend this film to anybody, just save your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I gave it a shot, but the acting was so bad it was good that I gave the movie a 3 instead of the 1 it so richly deserved. I would have given this movie a rating of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as I know this movie is supposed to be a comedy, but I can't find any humor in it. The movie is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie has a weak plot, a weak direction, and terrible actors. This movie is an absolute joke.  I have a question for all those who said this movie was bad. How did you get a sense of this movie?  Did you watch it on a bad day with bad friends, or did you watch the movie and wonder why?  It's really not that bad, and not at all funny. The movie is terrible. It is awful.   The humor is lame.  The plot is weak.  My vote is 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big fan of horror movies, but this was just awful. I thought the ending was very rushed, and the ending had nothing to do with the movie.  I have to say that the acting is terrible, the story is terrible and boring, and that the special effects were just bad.   I don't know why they decided to make this movie. I mean it was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie started well and got good reviews for its 2 days. But i saw it a few weeks ago, and it still haunts me. The only thing that made me like this film was the 2 girls who played it, and they looked very sexy and well, i thought. All the girls are like playing at a very stupid little video game. There are some very nice girls in this movie, and one really good girl in the entire movie. I just saw it for the first time. I was just listening to some music on the soundtrack and i saw that the 2 hottest girls were playing. I mean, i think i could make a better movie with this movie if i wanted to, but i'll just keep trying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book first and i was impressed by the movie. The movie is so bad, that it is no wonder it didn't do well on the screen.  If you like Lord of the Rings and the other LOTR movies, you will like this movie. I don't like them either. The film is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with the characters in the hospital discussing the latest case of the plague, which is a mutated strain of the Bubonic plague. The movie is just about at the beginning stages, with the doctor informing everyone that the patient is very ill and may be dying within the next five minutes. So far so good. This is the movie where you have a doctor discussing how to treat a dying patient with no knowledge of the patient's situation. The scene where the doctor and the nurse are talking about how to get the patient to stay strong for as long as possible, even if the patient dies of shock from the doctor's words is completely ridiculous and stupid.  This movie is a complete waste of time, the acting is awful, and the plot is nothing more than a bunch of garbage. I have to admit that I don't see the point of this movie at all. The only redeeming value of the movie is the music, which I'm glad wasn't used for the soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some pretty bad movies with some redeeming value but this one does not deserve to be called a horror movie.  The only thing that made me want to watch this film in the first place was the good performances by some of the actors.  Some people said the plot was not well written, others said the film was not interesting enough.  I agree with those people. This film is extremely confusing and not worthy of your time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I saw was a very low budget, bad story, horrible acting and horrible special effects, bad cinematography, and horrible lighting effects, which are among the worst movies I've ever seen, I've seen nothing that bad, and I've watched some good movies, and there were some good horror movies. I saw the movie I wished I had never seen. I did not enjoy it, even though I have to admit the special effects are really quite good. The acting was bad, the plot was bad. It had no real suspense, no real meaning and no real message, and the ending was totally senseless. It just ended the way it wanted to end. It is a very weak movie that I would say is not even worth watching, not that I am against movies with a weak story, but that it's better to make sure you don't get tired of watching it.  I did think the last half hour was okay, the end of the movie was pretty good and I thought that was the best. I'd say that I'm surprised that this movie got so much praise from people who do not have much knowledge about the movie industry, or about horror movies, but I will try to understand why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very silly movie.  The main characters in this movie are stupid, uneducated twats and the plot is silly.  There are also a few amusing moments and the movie looks like a trainwreck. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's no real reason to this movie. It is just a boring, un-funny, and boring movie that is just there to be wasted by the idiot who thought it was funny.  I will say that I did like the acting of the "comedians". It is the most amateurish movie I have ever seen.  The movie is just an uninteresting attempt to cash in on the "Hilarious" and "Kung fu" phenomenon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that I liked about this movie was the music. The music in the movie was really bad.  There is no plot, there is no development of characters, and the end was very very anticlimactic.  The ending is one of the worst movies ever.  It is very very boring, the plot is not interesting and is very confusing, and I think the director should really try to get the point of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is not worth watching and it really was one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life. I am really surprised to see this movie ranked in the top 250 most bad movies of all time.  I watched the movie with a friend who is a music critic. I had a really bad time watching this movie.   I am going to compare this movie to the 100 worst movies ever made. It was bad. The acting was bad and the story was boring.  This movie is an embarrassment to the movie makers. The movie has bad actors and the acting is bad.  The story is not interesting and is not funny. The special effects are so bad, it makes it look like the director wanted to waste the movie. There is not even good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about the young American woman who is working at a hotel in Melbourne where she is taken under the wing of the older woman (played by Catherine Zeta Jones) who manages to stay afloat in a life of luxury while also taking on the role of concier.  The acting is poor, the script is incoherent, and the direction is just plain bad.  This is just a waste of the Australian dollar and nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason for a bad film is the lack of a decent plot and interesting characters.  But the lack in this movie of a credible plot and characters makes this film a prime choice for anyone who has no life or real sense of self-sacrifice.  It starts off promisingly with a bang bang bang, bang bang - and it ends with nothing.    If I could, I would give this movie a zero rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is boring and stupid. It's so bad, that you cannot understand how stupid it is. The story is stupid. There is no development of characters. No development of plot. There are just 2 good guys. They are played by two main actors and are supposed to be independent of each other. The other 2 people played the lead roles.  The only reason to watch this film is because you like to see the 2 main actors to develop a plot.  I will not watch this movie for the first 5 minutes. I do however recommend watching the short movie "The Movie Man" starring Dean Cain. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that this movie was horrible, and there are a lot of bad actors in it. The director is also bad, and the film was made by a bunch of hick people in their prime, and it's just not that funny.  The film was bad, very fake and very stupid. The whole movie was bad. I don't know what the hell was going on.   I watched it just to get the laughs, because I like Michael Caine, and this was a bad film.  It's really sad that people like this waste their time with this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching people fight and lose and have a bad time, this is not for you.  I did watch it because I thought it was one of the "worst movies ever" that I have ever seen.  The fighting was lame and corny. The cinematography was poor.   I think this is a movie for people that enjoy watching people lose in a fight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this movie is is a total waste of my time and I would really like to be able to say that it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It made the film look like the work of some great genius. It is so bad, I mean, you can't even see the acting because the actors are so terrible. The direction is terrible. It could have been a great masterpiece. The script was bad. The story is not interesting. And the ending...I mean, it is not that bad. If you are a movie fanatic, then don't watch this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the movie in the first place, thinking it was just another comedy. I didn't realize it wasn't supposed to be a comedy, but a crap movie that just doesn't have a story, and even worse that a director can ruin by the words "I can't believe I wasted my time". I watched the whole movie in a couple of hours. I wonder how many movies that I've seen, that I'd be able to watch in a day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that made me feel that I'm living in a bubble is seeing the other films being made about the "same" event as the "good old boy".  I can't think of any other movie where it has a plot where they "jump" out of the plane and "jump back in".  This movie has none.  The "action" is not "real", the "romance" is "boring" and the "resolution" is laughable.  This is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say that the movie was boring and boring. The characters were predictable and the script was just plain bad. I think this movie is bad, bad movie... It is the worst horror movie I have ever seen. I watched it for about 5 minutes and it went no where. I can see the writer was drunk and his script just went off the rails. I thought to myself, what was going on? The plot is weak, the acting is poor and the movie is just crap. Don't bother with this movie, just watch TV or whatever you do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning the movie is okay but there is some good acting but it is all boring and I guess the movie itself is OK. So this movie isn't really all that bad.  But I was thinking it wasn't that bad...  It's a dumb movie with the usual characters and it's bad that they got to use the same locations for the movie as the book. So it's not really the book...   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was an interesting idea. The first half was interesting and the second half was boring and stupid. I felt like I was watching a really bad, overacted and poorly directed movie. The last half was completely boring and I felt very unsatisfied with the movie.  There were some nice scenes in the movie but the movie was so bad and didn't have a plot. I have to give credit to the actors.    The ending is the only thing that made me laugh. The ending made the entire movie sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise sounds interesting. A former law student is lured into the mysterious and evil world of the ancient city of the Dead Sea. When the two heroes (Brock and Matt) of the city, one becomes a cult leader and the other becomes a monk, the story becomes a real let down. I'll give you the plot outline of this movie: The Dead Sea is a dark, gory fantasy world where an evil cult of cannibal, human sacrifices, and witches all live together and feast on the blood of the victims. They call themselves the Cult of Bloodsuckers.  The story is not scary in the least, and the acting is awful. The acting is really bad.  If you like watching a horror movie, this is a bad one.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time. It's really not funny, and if you want to watch a good movie, I suggest "Top Secret", which has a similar feel to "Dangerous Pursuit", or even "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie for the first time at about 3AM and it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  It is not the worst movie ever made in the history of cinema.  The acting was bad. I think the director should be locked in a room with a good bookcase and he could make the best movie ever.  I just saw the ending and I could not believe it. I just thought it was a piece of trash.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than an exercise in laziness and poor taste. I am sure this movie is a stalker movie with the acting and the direction that are so bad, they must be doing something wrong to make it.  I have seen some good films with better acting, I haven't seen any that are as bad as this movie. I have never been this bored in a long time.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch the movie that is better written and acted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen a few bad movies, but this was not one of them. It's just a dull movie that is just boring and has a few good points, but nothing compared to some of the other films that are so much better.  The story is, as you might expect, a parody of an American movie. It is not funny at all, and there are too many scenes that don't have any real meaning.  As for the movie itself, there are just too many bad points, so I'm just giving a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a poorly-made, ill-conceived and ultimately boring movie. A bunch of high school kids are caught in a deadly tornado. After escaping the scene, the movie loses its energy and focus, and becomes a tedious, predictable, unbelievable mess. It is just a movie.  This is the sort of movie that will only get a 1 for making such a boring movie, and that is a good rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who saw The Jerk and was excited to see a movie with the actor that he played in the movie of his career, I found this a rather disappointing film.  I guess you'd expect to find a movie about a jerk and the man who played the role, and you would be right.  There were two interesting things about the movie.   First, the acting was pretty poor, the actors and actresses did a good job. The plot was weak, and the film didn't go anywhere.  Second, the movie seemed to have been shot on a really bad film. The camera was shaky and the sound was horrible.  So basically, the entire film is a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't even write this without having to slap my eyes. It was so bad. The movie is really bad. It starts out with some good acting and a great beginning, then it turns into a bunch of crap and the movie turns from great to just bad. There is no real story line, and it is very boring, the movie is boring and the acting is terrible. It's all just really stupid. The story line is very silly and it ends with a really lame ending. The characters are stupid and it makes the movie a boring one. The ending makes it all really sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of the film is a great idea, as is the title of the movie. The only problem is, that in the end, they are all very similar. The end of the day, this is a bad film, that is, bad acting, bad cinematography and bad directing. And I think this is the reason why people don't like this film, because they are so scared of what could happen next. This film will be used as propaganda against terrorism. This is a shame because this film is so awful film, and is filled with nothing good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story starts out promisingly. It's a strange, but the movie is ultimately dull and fails to deliver. The acting is so wooden, that it feels like the characters are playing some kind of video game.  There's no real plot or anything interesting. It feels like it could be a real documentary.  The movie goes nowhere. There are too many "mini-plots" and "flashbacks" to remember, so the whole movie is pointless.  I'm not sure why this movie is so terrible. I thought that it had an odd fascination with the occult. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only way that this movie is bad is if you are the one who made it. If you made the film, you are going to have a very hard time understanding the movie.  The thing that annoyed me was how bad the director was.   What are the directors doing, really?  The whole movie is about some guy who gets his first chance to make a movie, and what he does with it.  I found it very boring and stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie from the bargain bin at the local library, so I thought it was a good movie. So I turned it on and after the first 15 minutes or so I got lost in the confusing, nonsensical, cliché and cheesy movie.  The movie has one really interesting scene and I didn't even realize what was going on. The whole movie was so bad I thought I was going to vomit.  I really don't know if I recommend this movie to anyone, as it is just a poorly made movie that was never worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is difficult to comment without spoiling the movie. It's boring, lacks action, is repetitive, and has no suspense.  The only good aspect is the fact that the plot is weak and the movie is bad.  All in all a boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't care if you call it a horror movie, a thriller, or an action movie, or anything. It's not even a comedy. It has some good horror and thriller moments.  And I mean, come on, what is this movie about a man who kills people who is after his own brother? He's not the kind of person who gets the pleasure of killing people for fun. But he's killing people because he's hurting people.  What is this, some movie about an autistic woman who becomes famous because of her acting in this movie. Her brother is killed in the hospital and she goes crazy.  The only sane thing I can think of about this movie is to see the killer put in prison and tortured, and you'll know how it will end.  Don't waste your time watching this movie...you will only be disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just a poor low budget film made for a couple of bucks by some kid who thinks he can make it big by himself, but what he really needs is a good story. That's what he gets with this film.  I'm glad to see that it cost so much for the producer, but he should have known better than to throw that film out as an indie film. It doesn't need to be an over the top movie like some of his stuff is, because what it's supposed to be is a very, very, real low budget movie.   I've seen some of the bad low budget films, and I've come to the conclusion that this one is just another example of them.  As someone who likes to watch independent films and was raised on films like this, I can tell you that I think the producers are really desperate for money, or maybe they don't even care.  And I do agree with the previous commentator, that it was an alright film, and it didn't really cost much to make it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of this movie is a great waste of my time, as I watched it I was like wow it is a movie and the acting is bad, and the plot is bad.. The movie is not scary or disturbing, the movie is so bad that it is good.. The acting is poor, and that is the main reason I give this movie a score of 1.. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out as a group of people on a private yacht decide to take a swim. They decide to go for a swim and get into the water. When they come to their beach, the group discovers a huge blue-colored worm (a la The Goon) that has been feeding on the blue-green algae (a very green dye) growing in their beachfront. The worm turns into a huge, aquatic monster with a blue-gray glow that can completely change the color of the water in an area, and is easily scared off by the group of scared, confused swimmers.   One of the group decides to take the monster to the hospital for treatment, and so the monster begins attacking people in the hospital. It kills most of the staff members in the process, and even more of the patients as it goes after them. One of those attacked patients has a very high fever, so the hospital calls in the specialist who is supposed to find the monster and save the patient. He finds the worm and informs everyone of its existence.  The hospital staff try to run the worm away, but it swims through their doors and eats them.  When the worm dies, the hospital is in dire need of medical attention. One patient dies of shock and the hospital needs to evacuate everyone else. The monster eats the patient and kills him.  This is the last good movie that I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was never able to get that film. I found it hard to believe that such a bad, low budget movie could be made. The actors were bad. The story was bad. And I mean bad. I mean really bad. They should all be ashamed. This is a terrible movie. The cast is horrible. The director should be ashamed of himself.  This is really really really, really low budget trash. I think the budget should have been reduced to a low of about $7000. I have never seen anything like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first ten minutes of the movie, a group of friends is hanging out in a bar, and one gets a drink and starts dancing to some music. Then, the movie cuts to music and cuts to dancing with a woman. The music is terrible, the dancing is just not that fun, and the movie is boring and boring.  The second ten minutes or so is when the main character gets into a fight with a rival. In the middle of the fight, the main guy is on the floor and starts kicking the other guy's head. That's all. The rest is just stupid dancing and pointless plot.  So what is this movie? It is so bad that it's good. It is the worst movie I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was very interested in this movie, so I tuned in to the movie and got quite bored. I kept wondering what kind of movie this was. The only thing that was interesting was that the acting was bad, it was so bad, I'm surprised that people didn't stop laughing in the beginning, or that the movie got so boring.  The only funny thing in this entire movie was the music. This movie has absolutely no music, I mean no music at all, all of the songs in the movie were either old or just not funny.  I didn't even laugh a single time in this film. I had to sit through it because it was boring. I think the only funny part was the acting.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts promisingly, but it quickly becomes boring and uninteresting. There are moments of brilliance, and this is easily the most boring movie I have ever seen in my life.  It is not worth renting, but if you enjoy a bad slapstick comedy, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first of the "Whistler" films is a remake of "Gentlemen Prefer Bluff" which is essentially the same plot. The film is a parody of "The Great Santini" which was also a comedy about a group of drunken idiots. I also found the humor of the movie to be similar to that of "A Night At The Roxbury," which was another spoof of the same genre.  The plot of "Whistle" is the same as the plot of the first "Gentle" (the only difference is that in "Whicker," the movie takes place in the real world, while here it takes place inside a fictitious one).  The main characters are the two main characters, with their silly and ridiculous antics. I found that the main characters were extremely predictable and just didn't act like people who are interested in humor. The movie just ended after 30 minutes with the two characters getting drunk and having a bad time. They were supposed to be a group, which was kind of weird. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film on a recent night, so I turned it off. I figured it was just some sort of satire of the movie industry. It's nothing like the real world! The story was bad. The editing was bad, the acting was bad and the whole thing was very predictable.  My friend and I were so disgusted we wanted to go to the video store and find a good copy of the film. The store said this is an R-Rated movie and there was a good price for that. We walked out with a sense of "been there done that done before". We walked back into the store and found it was much better than the satire. The story had some good humor, but it wasn't as good as I've seen it. The director's vision of the industry is completely unrealistic. It makes people look like idiots for watching this crap. I've even seen people who thought this was great and walked out of the theater after it was over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What the movie did was to make an interesting movie about the world of witchcraft. The only "haunting" aspect of the movie was to see the famous portrait of the witch, drawn by famous occult artist J.S. Tressel. The witch is depicted as a woman dressed in black and wearing a large hat. Her hands and feet are bound in an intricate web and she walks about in an odd trance. The viewer is unable to see what she is doing because she is completely surrounded by a wall of foliage. There is no feeling or movement. I felt that it was so boring that it actually made me angry.  The entire movie was so bad that I turned it off once and after it ended I felt even worse.  I give this movie a one only for the good acting and special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't think it's ever possible that a comedy that features a monkey as a sidekick can be good. This film is a mess.  The story is the same as the first two. It is not funny, it is not entertaining, and it is a waste of time. The characters are all very weak and are not funny at all.   The movie is just so boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is not new. It is not a rehash of "Saving Private Ryan". "Titanic" is merely an excuse for a movie that should never have been made. I think it's time to move on from that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a low budget horror movie with bad special effects and the special effects are actually good for horror. It has one funny scene in which all the characters in the movie turn into zombies, and there is a joke about a retarded man's dog, but this is really just a lame attempt at making a movie about a low-budget horror movie.   This is a really bad movie with really bad special effect. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is about the relationship of a single father with a single mother in need of cash to care for his dying wife. It is so painful that the director is compelled to write another movie with the same theme. The film is nothing more than an exercise in cheap, amateurish filmmaking that lacks the intelligence of the art.   A man is lured to the beach to give a free speech on the subject of religion. This is the story of the man's struggle to realize his own mortality as a result of neglect of his family and lack of self respect. The result is his inability to care even for his own life and his subsequent attempt to make the whole thing right by sacrificing his wife and his daughter.  I would have been more offended by the man taking a cruise to the island of his own free will, and sacrificing his family, for the opportunity to speak in front of the entire world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie with the subtitles on and with the sound of "Pleasantville" playing. It's a real shame the movie was made and not "The Shop Around the Corner".  There's really nothing special about the movie. I think I can say that it's just boring. There's nothing new,nothing. The old story is not very exciting.  The movie just goes on and on without any real thought or thought. It starts to get a little boring.  I thought that the acting was bad,the cinematography was bad and the movie is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original idea was great but this movie was bad. The plot is stupid and the movie was horrible.  The only thing that made this movie good was the acting and the way they made the movie.  If you want to watch a good movie: watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the second one I have ever watched and I feel it should have been the first.  The main plot is not really good. The acting is bad, the script is bad and the plot is weak.  I am a big Luke Wilson fan and I can't recommend this movie to anybody.   The plot was not good. It has a weak beginning and the whole movie was just boring.  There are some good scenes. There are too many. I guess this movie was like a real bad movie.  Luke Wilson is a very good actor and he is good in every movie he tries to do. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was a really bad movie and it really was not worth watching, and I was in love with the movie. The ending was really not that bad, and the movie was boring.  If you like the old days, you'll love this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that should never have been made. This is by far the worst movie ever made in the history of the world.  The acting was so bad that I nearly fell asleep with the words 'I'm so f****ing tired' written on the screen.   The story is so bad I couldn't even finish watching it because I'm not a very big fan of the director, so I'm glad I didn't watch the whole movie.  This movie is so stupid I wish I could take the f****** DVD player and give this movie a F****** s*** on how stupid it is.  I don't even recommend this movie to anyone other than the f***ing idiot who thought it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I've seen some pretty bad movies and I have been to see this one and after seeing it I was horrified and angry. It wasn't worth watching it as a movie and it didn't add anything to the movie that I didn't already know. It was so bad that I couldn't even finish it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was really bad, the script was lame, the editing was poor, and the story was really not that interesting.   I am a big Michael Keaton fan, so watching this movie really disappointed me.  The whole movie is really stupid, the whole movie, from the beginning to the end is a waste of time.  I think this movie is for kids only. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely low-budget film that features a very weak cast of bad actors. The only thing that made this film worth watching is the very good performances of the actors.  This film is the worst horror film I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot of bad horror movies.  I can honestly say that this film is probably one of the most boring horror films I have EVER seen.   If you enjoy watching bad horror, then I would probably recommend this film, and don't waste your time watching something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this DVD and I have never seen it. I'm pretty sure it was an awful movie. It made the DVD look like a masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not an amusing comedy, nor a movie. In fact, it's the worst movie I've seen. It's just not funny, with bad jokes, bad acting, bad direction, terrible camera work and a boring storyline. It has the look of a comedy, with the look and feel of a made for TV movie, the look-and-feel of a sitcom, or the look that a sitcom has after 10 years of being on the air.  In conclusion, I can't recommend this movie to anybody. It should just be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is really just bad bad trash. I have seen the worst vampire movie ever! But the thing about the vampire movie is that it is so much worse. The vampire is a totally weak character and the only thing that is good is the music. I mean, the soundtrack is like the soundtrack to a bad horror movie. I think that it really just comes down to if you don't enjoy music that is, you will really dislike the movie.  If you are a vampire, then you should really just watch the soundtrack and enjoy the movie, as I have stated. I give this movie a 2 out of 10 just because of the music and acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who was very young and very naive about this movie, I can't complain about it. I've seen some of the more bad movies and I like 'The Mother' better than the rest. I think I could have given this movie a '10' if it hadn't been for the acting, the plot, the direction, and just plain old, awful. The whole movie is a waste of time. The story is weak. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie about a year ago and I couldn't decide if it was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. It was so bad that I had to stop laughing at the time. It just started to get stupid and I stopped. My fiancé had to sit in the front row and I could barely take my eyes off the screen! I couldn´t believe that the film had been made. I mean the characters in the movie were so stupid. I don´t know if they had a decent script, but there were no real jokes at all. The story was so boring, I mean I really couldn´s tell it myself.  My rating: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie is an awful movie. I think that they should just leave it to the imaginations of the audience and let them decide for themselves if they think it's a movie or not.  I mean, it is. I saw it on TBS on a Friday night, and it was disgusting. It had the look of a real-life movie.  So, I say don't watch it, unless you really enjoy the concept of a movie where the movie is about people who are supposed to look like they're playing some kind of games. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only way this movie failed to make me sick was because of the fact that I did not like it very much. It had the look of a 'B' horror flick and there was absolutely no gore, and what there was was left was a horrible mix of bad acting, bad music and some really creepy looking FX. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was nothing more than a joke. There was no real message. I could laugh with the actors and the crew. I couldn't even feel my eyes anymore.  I've seen all the comments, and all I can say is this movie is terrible. It's really bad.  It was the worst film I've ever seen, and I could only laugh at the jokes.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm surprised with how badly this movie is, i mean the story was crap, bad acting and the jokes was bad, i don't know if this movie deserves any rating, or even if I'm a film buff, I don't give a s**t. I'll give it a 2, for the acting and jokes, I gave it a 1 for the special effects, and for the s***t special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's something about this film that I haven't seen before, and I was hoping something new, so I'm not surprised. I watched this movie and it is a mess.  I can't think of one good film, but I can remember a movie that was a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have always been a fan of the series and i loved it too... but what really made me angry was the fact that it is supposed to be a "comedy" show. It was just a pathetic piece of rubbish and i could not believe that they made this show. The show has no real story and just relies on "the old jokes" that we already knew about. It is really difficult to see how this show survived the first 3 episodes. It had no real message at all, and it wasn't funny either. The jokes were boring and the jokes had no message at ALL. The only thing that made me laugh was the old jokes, i just sat there dumbfounded.  It was really sad that the show had become such a mess. The old jokes were like a bunch of old people that have watched the show before. The characters were all old men that just had no sense of humour. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad rip-off from the original movie and I can't imagine how it ever got to the screen in the '70s.   In the original, the acting was good, and the plot was good. The characters were good, but the movie wasn't.  The acting in the original was good enough to be enjoyable, but that was the point.  So, the movie really was bad.  And that's the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main reason for this film was that the acting was bad, the plot was bad and the camera was terrible. I'm glad I didn't spend the $7.50 it cost me to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that strikes you about this movie is that it is bad and nothing else. I found this movie very disappointing. The acting is terrible and the story is stupid. I mean really stupid. It's so bad that you can't even give it the rating it deserves. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this movie the director, a real estate agent, is selling a house in a gated community, so she needs to get a good deed for the deed. So she starts asking neighbors, their names, and their families what they would do to help her.  Well, the neighbors in this gated neighborhood, the one with the gated swimming pool and the old lady who wants to look after her elderly neighbor's dog. Well, a couple of these neighbors, in this case a husband and wife, decide to help. One by one, the neighbor's help falls into their lap, and the woman ends up pregnant. The husband has to choose between keeping his family and seeing the woman and her baby.  In a lot of these situations, there is an underlying feeling of desperation. You don't really feel like the neighbors or the woman who helped you. You are a bunch of people that just don't have much money.  If you are like me, the movie will have you doubting whether the neighbors and the family that helped you are all saints. I guess if you're down to your luck and down to just one friend you'll have to ask yourself what your good deed is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is that of a young woman with an abusive father and a brother who gets killed. The movie is basically a poor imitation of the relationship between the two brothers.   The movie has a few interesting moments and seems to be shot mostly in the woods, with some interesting shots of a house or a cabin or something.  This movie could have used a lot more violence and graphic violence, and I guess I don't really care for it.  Overall, I'd say the film is bad and the acting is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with low expectations and was shocked that this was actually the movie. The movie was so boring that you can't even notice that it is boring because the characters are so stereotypical and so one dimensional. The acting is horrible, the writing is awful, the characters have such poor dialogs, that you are practically speechless. The only thing that made this movie worth watching was the fact that it was such an atrocity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have not seen "Hollywood Homicide" please do so. This is not a movie. It is a movie about a bunch of losers who think they will get more fame by killing someone for getting fired at them. They are losers.  The movie is a failure on every level. The acting is terrible. The script is terrible and has many holes. The music is very bad.   The ending is not good. The ending reminds me of a bad TV movie from the 70s and 80s.  Please don't waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is one of the worst film I have ever seen. It is absolutely horrible and has the worst plot of all time.   Please do not waste your time with this piece of film... it will ruin the time you have left on earth. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In this movie the movie is boring. There are many scenes where the movie's message comes across as trite. In one scene the director is walking with his camera and he is talking about how many people in the world have the disease of dry rot and this is due to lack of clean water. In another scene he says how many Americans have the dry rot, that we don't know.   The message is very, very stupid.  I think this movie is a very,very, very, poorly made movie with very little message. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was very disappointed with the movie after seeing it in a theater. It seemed like an old-hat story line. The acting is terrible. The movie was a very low-budget effort and very tatty, it seemed like it was done by a high school production team. The script is so weak, I wonder if they were serious when they wrote it.  The plot is weak and the characters are caricatures of real-life issues. It's really sad that so many people thought it was funny. The humor is really just stupid and not interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this film is, firstly, the acting, which is by and large, and secondly, the fact that the story is badly directed, badly acted, and the direction, which was by no means the best I've ever seen.  If you are hoping for a film that makes you laugh, then this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A young boy comes back from a life of war, with no memory of his time in the army and no recollection of anything that happened there. A little later, his memory of what he has seen is so intense that he starts to act weird and begins to act in a bizarre manner. It seems that the memory of war has become imprinted on his psyche and that he is now only haunted by what he witnessed in the first place, rather than the events that happened in his life before he came into the army.  In conclusion, the whole movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the first 10 minutes of this movie and I don't understand why. The plot is boring and the acting is bad. I can't believe that I wasted my time on this. I was looking for something interesting, something to laugh at, something that would make me laugh. It ended up being one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I gave it a 1 only because of the first 15 minutes, but once they started to make jokes I gave up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts out good, but it really isn't. There are some nice moments and the story is pretty weak, and the characters are all very strange, and that's really the only good thing in the whole movie.  I gave this movie a rating because of the fact that there were a lot of bad moments, and I really think that if you like the MST3K version of this movie, you'll like this movie. The MST version is pretty much the same, and it has the same ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I liked about this movie is the ending. The end was just the usual.   The only good thing I can say about this film is that there are two good guys and two bad guys and they are the two main characters.  It makes the movie even worse.  My rating: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the first movie I've seen that has a plot. The movie was poorly made, had bad acting, and was a waste of time. The only good thing was the soundtrack was good, the cinematography was bad, and the plot was bad. I was watching it thinking "this movie is a waste, and I'm glad i watched it because I've never seen such a boring movie before." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that I would expect from someone who is making his first movie. This movie is really bad. There is no character development. There are some scenes that are really funny and are interesting. There isn't a single funny scene. The entire movie is just plain dull.  I don't think I have ever seen a movie that was this bad.  This movie was bad enough. I am glad I stayed to the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole movie was like a bad version of "The General" from the 70's, complete with all the stereotypes of the genre, complete lack of originality and a complete lack in creativity.  It wasn't funny, wasn't interesting and the characters were all uninspired, all in all it for a laugh.   If you liked "The Prodigy" (another one of those 80's action/comedy spoofs) you'll love this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If this film is considered a serious movie then I must admit to being a bit disappointed. I thought it was very boring and very silly. There was no real action, it seemed like a lot of "filler" but it was really boring. The plot seemed to be more of a "passing through the motions" kind of thing. The actors played their roles in such a manner that it didn't really bother me much. I would like to see more realism, more characters and more realistic scenes, this really is a sad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that could make this a watchable movie is if the actors could get away with it! I can't really see how this could have been so incredibly horrible.  The plot was really really awful, the acting was bad, and the ending was just plain awful! The only good thing I could say about the movie was the music. I really can't believe how bad the soundtrack was, but that's the only reason why this movie is watchable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea is a good one. But the execution of it is poor. In the first scenes you see a good idea of a story. Then the story turns out to be a very bad one. There is some good performances and it all looks good.  The last third of the movie has a good scene in which a couple of characters are on a walk with a woman and she tells them that she is pregnant and they should take some time to get it up to the doctor.  There are some good scenes in which the characters talk about how much time they have left to get a good partner.  I have no idea how it is that good. It's just the way that the movie works. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's the worst movie I've seen.  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is horrible.   This movie was bad.  I think this was the worst thing I've had the displeasure of sitting through. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I thought that the movie was interesting because of the concept of "The Unseen Island". It turns out that it was far from a "unseen island" at all. It is actually the worst film I have ever seen. I mean, it had an "initial" rating of 2/10. I actually thought that it could be the greatest film ever. But it was.  This movie reminds me of "Wargames" and "Hodet Over Vannet".   The story was the most ridiculous and stupid movie I have seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought the DVD of this movie and after seeing it I felt that I had to make a comment about the movie. I have seen bad horror movies in my time and this was a bad one. The plot was terrible. The acting was awful. The script was horrible. The camera was shaky and was shaking all around the movie, even though the script was good and had good directing. The special effects were laughable. The whole thing was bad.  The only good thing was the ending. It was so bad and I felt I had no emotion at all and just plain didn't work. The ending sucked. I mean it was a sad ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an adult I was extremely bored by this movie. I couldn't stop watching it, and I mean watching it was the only thing that kept me watching it. The movie is like a bunch of poorly written and directed videos that are edited and don't seem to have anything interesting at all. It's boring and the actors are awful.  If you want a fun watch watch a good movie: A group of four guys are traveling to a ski resort in a snowy area for a ski weekend. They're about to leave when the ski area is surrounded by a large group of freaked out teens. They decide to take a shortcut to a steep and snowy area and get their lift ticket. They are all on the slope and the four guys get freaked and run for their lives. The four guys, who all knew this was their best option, decide to make a hasty retreat instead of going through the back woods to the ski slope. The snow falls, the teens run for it and the snow is covered in big, fresh powder. The teens all run for the hill and the 4 freaked-out guys who were hiding behind a bush all disappear and are now totally freaked.  The ending is so poorly thought up that it's good, I mean I'm not a big fan of horror movies, but this is the most entertaining ending of any movie I have ever seen. I would rather watch it as a fun laugh at a bad comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had my hopes high for this film. I had a gut feeling the script was weak. It wasn't realistic and the acting wasn't very convincing.  The plot was bad and the characters were weak. They all acted like children.  Some scenes were good but there wasn't any real feeling behind the scenes.  This film reminds me of a very bad 70's teen soap opera. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a general rule, I hate horror films, but this one is a disaster.  There are scenes that are so bad, I had to fast forward through the film and cut out every second.  The movie is nothing more than a collection of bad acting, bad special effects, and bad directing.  What really makes this movie a real "zombie movie" is the fact that the entire film is set inside a warehouse (it really looked like a warehouse).  In addition, the entire movie is so devoid of any real life scenes, it's really not even a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad I spent the time to see this movie. The first one is good, but the sequel was pretty bad. It is one big joke after another.  The first time is okay. This is not funny. The second time is good.   The third time is bad.  And the fourth time, the worst of all.  I did like the ending. It had some good parts and was a very weak point.  But that is about it. I just did not laugh at it.  It is not scary, is not gory and is not disgusting. It was not interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a rip-off of the original cartoon series, with the same premise (a villain dressed as a girl in a cartoon is the one that steals all of the animals from the man's shed, then goes on a killing spree), and a plot that could've been a great movie.  Instead, they resort to the same old stuff again, this time killing the animals for no reason and using them as a bargaining chip.  I mean, how could they just throw these animals in a shed?  And, it just seems that the guy and his friends are so stupid that they're making all of this crap up for themselves.  But the plot is just silly. There is no reason that these animals are just going to be killed. There's no reason they are going to get hurt. And they have no need to hurt other people in order to get their food.  There is only one funny moment that doesn't make the movie better (the one where the guy's friend comes in and says, "If you're not going to hurt them, you're going to have to kill them all yourself!"). And when the friend comes back, they still have no reason to do it, and you can tell that the friend is a liar.  It is also just stupid. The movie is so boring that you can't really tell when it is going to end. The only thing that made this worse was the music. All of the music in this movie was reused from the first cartoon, so that even more of the songs were recycled from the cartoon series.   This is just not that good. If you want to watch a good movie, watch The Amazing Mr. Limpet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to believe that this film is so bad, but the reviews just don't make this film worth anything.  The plot is an old, tired, clichéd story, nothing new, just recycled from other films, made in the nineties. I mean, it's not like that of the good-guys-who-get-the-money-to-own-their-own films.  I don't know what to say about it, because it's really nothing new. It is just rehashed movies that have been made to make money.  So, in conclusion, if you are a huge fan of the "My Favorite Year" movies, then this is the film for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm gonna admit to liking the whole film, but that doesn't mean I want to watch it. It's not worth it, unless you're really desperate for some. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen this movie, and I find it utterly ridiculous. The only reason I saw this movie is because of the soundtrack. I found the soundtrack to be completely awful, and it did not help that the film is very poor. I do find it ironic that the movie had an ending that ended very much like the movie, ending with a bunch of people getting killed, but ending with no one getting killed.  So basically I feel that the whole movie is pointless, and could have easily been much much much better. The story is stupid, and there is nothing good that can come out of it. If you want to waste your time watching this, you will do so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original one is the only one that I know of. This one however had the advantage of being a bit more stylized and fun, and I was not entirely surprised by that.   If I had seen the film in 1999 I would have been more than a little shocked, to say the least.  I could understand the outrage towards the film, but if I had lived in 1999 at the time of this film's release I would not have been as shocked as I was in watching it in 1999. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen a comedy like this. It's terrible, I have a feeling like I've seen the movie in a movie theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was looking forward to the movie, and saw this film on the IMDb last night. I expected something much better, but was pleasantly surprised. The characters were not realistic, and the plot was badly developed and was not thought through. The acting was poor and the movie could have used some interesting cinematography and editing.  The plot was completely predictable, not even the cinematography was close to perfection. The ending could have been done better.  I am surprised how many people liked this movie. I was the only one that actually left the theater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an average movie from the first 20 minutes and the ending is the only good part of the movie. The only good thing in the entire movie is the music and acting. The movie is really boring and pointless, the plot is bad, and the characters are so unsympathetic that it's painful to watch.  I really think that the ending should have been cut to 1/10 for the music, and that's a big bonus. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am not sure how this movie managed to get such a low rating of 4.0/10 from someone who saw it in a cinema, but I'm sure that someone who didn't see it saw the movie as it is, because they're probably thinking that the movie is a good film.  The movie is full of many clichés, and there's hardly any suspense, it is simply boring and has a plot which doesn't make any sense at all. The actors don't talk a lot. The camera shots are too shaky, and you can't really see what's happening because of the light.  It also stars the main characters of the movie and you really can't take your eyes away. The movie really made me hate the main character, who is trying to kill the girl who is also a doctor, because he's really really not very interesting, but has no real personality.    It is probably best that the film is rented out because of its good cast and because it is about a doctor with a really bad reputation, because of how much the movie has become a cult classic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 20 minutes of this movie I saw the movie was a classic. I was like "Alright, now I'll watch something else". It turns out to be a major let down.   If you like watching movies that are all about one thing, like revenge or rape, you will like this movie.  In conclusion, if you like to watch movies that have an ending where you get a free pass for watching a movie, then this movie is for you.  I give this movie a 1 for completeness. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than an excuse to watch a bunch of terrible, boring, stupid movies. It is nothing special at all. The story is about a cop with a heart of gold (I mean, I actually do), and his quest to find a woman who has stolen all his money, to bring her to justice for her crimes, all the while being told that he has a heart. He then sets out to find this woman, who has taken all of his money to go live in a commune with all the homeless people in the city.  I did enjoy the acting, the plot is boring and the ending is just a turd. I mean, come on, really? The only thing that kept me from watching this movie was the music. It was really too much. I really hope that the composer made a better movie in the future. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad from start to finish, the acting was bad, the characters were bad and the ending was awful.  This is the movie where a kid becomes the main character and ends up getting killed off and on.  If you want to watch a good movie, then watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first time i saw this film was in the middle of the night and i wanted to watch it. After watching it i could not take my eyes away from the screen. The characters were so unrealistic and the story was so bad i felt physically ill. My fiancé and his girlfriend both thought that this movie was very strange and the ending was the most painful and sad. The ending was bad and the acting was bad. The only good thing in this movie is the music. I don't like to listen to music and i didn't like this movie. I just don't understand how it ended. It's a mystery that i can't see how it was possible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was pretty bad. I had to go home and saw the movie again, and was disgusted by how bad it was. It was not a very good movie, and I am very disappointed with the people who gave it such a low rating.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was really really boring. The actors were bad, the cinematography was bad.  If you like me you will like this movie, but if you don't then you are really in for a big disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is awful. The plot is poor, the plot is terrible and the direction is poor. The only thing that kept me watching this film were the great soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot is terrible. The actors are terrible.  The direction is terrible (the acting is bad, the cinematography is bad and the direction is poor)  The script is bad. The cinematography has nothing to offer.  I would recommend you to avoid this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember when I was kid and my dad bought me this DVD. The movie was so bad I had to fast forward through it.  What really made this movie even worse was the music. It was awful, I mean just horrible. The vocals were really bad. The songs were bad.  Don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this film was because I was interested in seeing a new low budget version of "Titanic".  "Titans" is actually not that bad. The whole plot is really rubbish, it's a waste of time.  The main characters are the same as "Tronik", but with different names, and are played by different people with different personalities.  I wouldn't recommend this film to anyone, except for those who want to see a good movie, that's really all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film on my way to work this morning, and my brother and I decided that if we did not see this movie, we would give it a shot. So, we got a pizza and sat down to watch it. After the movie started, my brother said to me: "Watch the sequel, I don't think I will enjoy it." So I said: "Why not?" He said: it was the same story, different actors.  Well, I am glad my brother understood this movie. It was kind of cheesy, and not in a fun way. The special effects were not good, the script was bad, and the editing was just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is nothing more than an exercise in self-indulgence. The acting is bad, the plot is weak, and the characters are all very one-dimensional.  It is very strange that this film was made and what it is trying to say.  This is a movie which is bad enough that it should be removed from all public viewing.   The only thing I found interesting in this movie was the title music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just saw this film with my friend and we were very disappointed in the story line and the acting. It had a lot of bad characters and seemed like one of them was reading a book for a class project and he had to come up with the lines to make it into the movie. I guess it was the class project because the director/writer didn't have the class in class. The characters weren't really drawn in but we weren't able to tell them apart. It seemed to be just another slap in the face to people who are already tired of hearing about the good guys. The whole film seemed to flow and I didn't know how it was going to end. The ending didn't make any sense and seemed rushed and rushed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing was very boring and seemed to be filmed very quickly. The plot was very weak and the acting was very bad. I think this is one of those movies that could only be made for TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't so bad, it's just plain boring.  The plot is really silly, the characters are all pretty uninspired, and the ending is really stupid.  I think the director really doesn't have a clue about acting, but he should try to get the actors to do some more believable work. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, this movie is just horrible. I found myself sitting in the cinema, watching this movie, with the same thoughts as those children had before.  If I hadn't seen "Warm Heart" I would have definitely given it a shot. It's a movie about an autistic girl that wants to kill all other children and take back her childhood. That's not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie when it was on late night TV (3AM in NZ time) and after it I went home and turned it off. I couldn't get any sleep and sat up to watch it. My girlfriend had to get up and turned the television off for me. I have NEVER seen a movie with this much acting and terrible cinematography. This was so bad that it didn't bother me at all, and that's a big reason.  My main contention with this film is that it could have used a much better plot. The acting was so stiff and monotone, that it made it hard to watch. I think I've seen every movie in the NZ cinemas that has this plot.   This movie really is a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first twenty minutes of this movie is really good. I mean, I can't think of one bad movie, I mean.... it was all boring and the movie was about the same as all the other bad movies. The acting is bad and the plot is bad. It was a very uninteresting movie.  This movie is, that is all. It's not interesting at all.  If you're like me and like bad movies, you will not enjoy this movie. It will be a waste of time.   I'm a huge fan of all of Richard Linklater's work. He's very talented, but he really should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title is from the French for the title of a play. It's not a play, it's not even a comedy. The only thing I liked about this movie was the way the acting was. It was very dull, unemotional, and all I could see was some of the girls' acting. The movie is full of clichés.  This movie is not even worth watching. It is not interesting and the humor is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was very, very, extremely horrible. It was nothing short of awful. I can't even explain why I gave it a zero rating. I have never seen a bad film with this much sex.  I know it is a porno. It is not. It should be classified as an atrocity.   The acting is the worst I have ever seen. There was nothing realistic. The only good parts were the first few scenes.  All of the characters except one, i.e. the one in the beginning, were not even good actors.  The story was very bad. The ending could have been done much better. I don't understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's very sad to see the actors in the movie like Steve Carell, Ed Norton, and Brad Pitt waste their time in this one.  This movie is not very funny at all, it's not funny at times and there is no real story.  I am very disappointed with the direction of this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I said before, I am not a big fan of movies, so I was excited to see a film that seemed to come from the director of the award winning "Walking Tall" - but I am a big movie fan.  So, I thought I would go and see the movie. And it was the worst movie I have ever seen. The characters were so wooden, that the film could be made into a fun and easy to watch comedy.  In conclusion - if you like watching a film with your friends, you'll like this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title of this film is very misleading, if you know the film it is not a documentary, it is an "art"- it is very bad, it looks very fake, and the whole thing is very, very fake.  I am very surprised that this movie made it to the bottom of the IMDB rankings, this is the first time I have seen this movie, it should be removed from there, I don't know how or why it is there.  The "film" is a very bad documentary, I just didn't understand the plot of the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first movie I saw of this was The Mother (1990), which was a pretty interesting and original film. I liked it, and it was a decent horror movie for the time. This one is even worse, and not even that good!  This movie is even very stupid. The movie is boring, and the script is horrible. The ending is a very stupid and tacked on finish.  The mother goes on a rampage and kills people in her house and kills them all.  She kills the mother and gets revenge on the mother who killed her.  This is a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film begins with a few people discussing the idea of a sequel to the classic movie. While this idea sounds promising, I must confess that it is never really thought to be. So far the only thing that has really caught my attention is the cast of this film. In the first movie, the main character was a girl. In this movie she's a boy. The story is simply not that exciting. The acting is bad, the script is bad. It's so bad that it's good to watch from the beginning to the end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film made in 1999 by the director of the "Blazing Saddles" trilogy, John Hughes. The story is about a group of friends who get into a fight, and there's lots of gore and violence.  I don't see the appeal of this film, I think it's just a poorly made film with bad acting, and some great music, and this is the main reason I don´t give it a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to see a good movie don't watch this one. I know this was very much a movie back in the days, I just found it a bit hard to understand and at the time I didn't understand it.  The only reason I give this movie 10/10 is because of the great acting by all of the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A man is found dead in his bed, after having been attacked by a strange, green monster.  A doctor comes in, and starts questioning the dead man's friends. The dead man turns out to be the "Green Death" himself.  The film has been shot in a very cheap, amateurish manner, and the film quality is bad. I'm not sure if this film is made for kids, but for the parents and the audience it just seems amateurish.  My rating: F  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw the movie this afternoon with my boyfriend and thought "How can this movie be bad?" I can't think of a single movie that was bad at the time of filming that wasn't a masterpiece. The only memorable parts of the movie were when the story line of the women in the story was told by the director of the project, the producer, the crew, and the actors.  The movie is so bad that I gave it a rating of 3 stars because of the acting, camera work, lighting, editing, and music that makes it impossible to take seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If this film was made before 1993, I'm not sure why it ranks a rating of 5.5 or 5.6. It's only 4 years later and I have seen better films in the 40's.  I'd say this film is the worst film I have ever seen and I would not recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first of all, let's start by saying I loved the first movie (before I saw this movie). That was a real surprise. I had the same kind of reaction from other movie-watchers. The only thing that surprised me was the "plot" and the characters. The characters in the first one were interesting and very human, and they played in such a way that their motives were so forced and unemotional that it was unbelievable.  The same thing happened with this movie. The story and the character motivations are forced and artificial. The acting is awful, the script is weak and the story just drags on. The director should be ashamed.  I have watched the first two movies and could see why. In the third, I felt like I was watching a third time, and I was just lucky that it stayed at one instead of two. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is truly awful. I think that you could not make this up, you would have to really be a huge jerk to waste your time. The story is about a rich woman who falls in love with a rich guy and gets suckered by her rich partner. The rich partner, who is her rich father, is a doctor, who falls sick and dies. When her rich daughter, played by Amanda Pays, comes in and takes a sick leave of the sick rich woman, she gets attacked by a homeless man and gets raped by the homeless man's dog. The dog turns out to be a hybrid of a dog and a human being.   Amanda is raped, murdered and the rich woman ends up in a hospital. The hospital is run by the hospital administrator who is just dumb and lazy. This is a movie made by the people who ran the hospital when the homeless people left. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why this movie was so bad. It could have a very interesting story but the special effects were too fake. I can't believe that this movie cost so much to make and was never released for general public. I hope they didn't want to spoil it for the fans of this movie because I know what they would have done if they really wanted to give this movie a chance to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie was a true "Gee I'm so bad" it would be rated by IMDb as a 10, but instead it's a 1.  The plot has been made clear and the acting is bad.  I gave this movie a 1 because I thought it was so stupid.  My rating: 0.000 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was terrible. It wasn't funny, it wasn't interesting, and it wasn`t interesting, which is a sad fact. The characters were stupid and the jokes were bad. The script is weak, the characters are uninspired, and the plot is non-existent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that I watched to my very last light, the ending was the worst ending I have ever seen, and it left me sick. The movie was very very very boring and very stupid. The acting was bad, the direction was bad and the acting was the first thing that came to my mind when I saw this movie.  The only good thing about the movie is the beautiful scenery and the beautiful actors that all had a very small part to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I don't think that many people in the world have noticed is that it's a big pile of crap, even if you don't pay for it with your time you still get paid, because the movie stars are so bad that there's no money left over. The movie itself is bad, the acting is bad and the writing is bad.   I would not recommend this movie, even for a few bucks, because I think you would have to be a complete idiot to waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was very disappointing and nothing special. It was a typical horror flick with a few scares and a few good gfx effects and that was it.  I thought it was really a bad horror movie and it's just nothing special about it. The scares were good, the special effects good, and the special FX good.  The good parts were the good giallos and the good gore scenes, I guess they were the best.  This was not scary or gfx, the only good parts of this movie were the music, which I thought was cool and creepy.   The acting was very poor, I really do not understand how they managed to act like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is terrible. The plot is so unbelievable. It's the only way this movie was good.  I have not seen anything about the movie that made me like it, and the movie is awful.  The acting and plot is awful, the script is so bad, the story is so poor, and it's all just... horrible.  It's not a movie, it's a bad, disgusting movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was not the worst movie I have ever seen, and that speaks volumes. This movie starts out good, and ends up being one of the most boring movie I've ever seen. The acting is horrible, the characters are weak, and I am sure I could have written a better movie. The movie is full of one liners and pointless action. In an action movie this kind of movie should have a good plot, a good story line, and at least one good fight scene, but I found myself looking at the movie and saying "this was a really bad movie."  This movie is so bad, I don't recommend it to anyone. I will not waste my time on this movie, I have watched it several times and it has gotten progressively worse. I am amazed that this movie managed to get a rating of 5 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not bad. It is bad.   I would like to have the originality of the movie back. The originality is the thing that makes a movie great, a good movie.  This is the movie for a student of art and acting.  I will not spend money on this movie. It was worth $6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As it is written on the back of the DVD jacket, the movie is bad - badly directed, with bad sound and bad acting.   A lot of what we get is annoying and the acting is bad.  In the beginning, a girl is walking down a busy street, and gets hit by a brick, which causes her to faint.  The next thing we know, she is standing up, and is crying because she was attacked by a group of thugs and has her shirt ripped off.  This movie is just an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie on late night TV, but I wanted to get my money back. I was thinking about seeing a couple of good old American friends and seeing if we could make it through the movie. So we sat in the cinema and watched it. It was pretty boring. It did make me laugh a few times. It is definitely not a comedy movie. It could have been a horror movie, but it wasn't.   If you are looking for a good laugh, then you have chosen the right movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that you can get really scared of. There is some good scares, but the story is so bad, and that's the only thing that kept me from watching it. I did get a few good scares and a lot of them are just silly moments.  I think this is a movie that is way too short.  The cast was very very bad and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I didn't think this movie would be much better than it was, and I was wrong. It's bad acting, bad script, terrible camera work, and worst everything you've ever seen.  If you want to see a good movie, I would recommend you to watch The Dead Code. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was awful. I saw it at 3 a.m. I was sitting in the middle of my living room and I could not even finish it. I knew I had to go, so I called my girlfriend to come over, but she refused to come. I guess I should have left, as I had no time to waste.  The movie wasn't funny. It wasn't exciting and the characters were flat.  It was too bad the whole time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As far as I can tell, this movie was just so bad that I had to see it to be believed. If it wasn't for the acting, direction, camera work, and plot, I wouldn't have cared for it. It had to be one of the worst films I have ever seen.  The story has a ridiculous beginning. There are some characters that seem to have been given more personality than the story itself warrants. In the beginning, it is impossible to figure out who these people are or why they act in the way they do.  There are too many characters in this film for the actors to act in a proper manner. It is very difficult to tell who is going to end up dead by the end.  I give this film a 2/10 because of the acting and directing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was so bad it had to be 2 hours long. The acting was terrible, the story was bad and the only good thing was the music. I have to give credit to the good cinematography, the great music and brilliant performances by all the actors and the brilliant writing of the director. It was really sad, it made me wonder why I spent the time it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have nothing else to do, see the movie. It is not that I think I will enjoy this movie, but I am quite sure it will make you angry and give you a terrible case of insomnia.  This movie is not worth the rental price. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible and the script was very weak, I mean the movie is a joke. The movie tries to be serious and is very very fake and fails to be funny. The script is very bad, the humor is bad and the ending is very stupid and pathetic. I give this movie a score of 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's a really bad movie. The first half is good. The next hour is even worse.  It has a plot that's basically an outline of a really really bad horror movie. A couple gets murdered and a witch witch (Angie Dickinson) comes in to investigate. What's really weird is the fact that the movie doesn't explain everything. There are multiple unexplained events, which is why it's so awful. It's very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie the viewer has to watch the movie in the dark and just have to sit back and watch it. They have to have every negative comment in the book and they just have the right to laugh.  The only thing I like about this movie is how it is set up to make a point. The movie is not funny or funny. The only funny thing about this film is the acting of all the characters in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What really bothered me in the beginning is the casting of two major roles, namely Michael Ironside as a sleazy-yet-savvy businessman who runs the Mob and plays his part in the mob's most important business: gambling. Michael Ironide is played by a former mob boss, John Fiedler, who also manages the family's finances.  In the first 20 minutes of the film, it sounds as if this is going to be a very light comedy. However, once the credits roll, it becomes so dark and boring that I nearly fell asleep. I am not sure how this got made, as it was very very uneven and could have easily been much, much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script is, if you are a parent of a child who likes to watch cartoons on a Saturday morning just for the sake of a good laugh, then you will like this movie. It has been on my parents computer for a year now, but I just saw the movie for the first time on my own and was disgusted.  The acting is terrible, the story is stupid and it is really not believable. I gave this movie a 1 because of the good acting, but the whole movie was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is just a big joke, and it is not funny. The movie was just too cheap to be funny.   I guess I'll give this one a 3/10, and I hope that the producers don't think this movie deserves a 1 just because of the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a stupid movie. The acting is terrible. The plot is stupid. The ending is lame. The movie is a joke.    The only good thing is the good song "The Last Wave" by Michael Clarke Duncan, who was a talented songwriter in his native land.  My personal favorite song is the one by Michael Rispoli that he did for "Giant Step" in Giant Step. It's a dumb song.  If you want to see a funny movie, I would say this: 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original cartoon was more than entertaining. The cartoons for the next generation were not bad. I would not recommend watching the cartoon again, if you see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What an awful movie.   I had to go through the worst movie I've ever seen. I saw the movie at the festival and was amazed at the movie. There were some good acting performances in the movie but it seemed like they could not have been given enough of a script to make them work. I was amazed that the director didn't go through with the plot and just ended the movie because of the bad directing.  This movie was boring. It is no wonder that there were so many people at the screening and it was only a 2 hour movie. I didn't even bother to see the actors after the movie was over. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't see why this film was such a big deal when it was released in 1972, as I am sure it had a few friends with good intentions, but I guess you would expect a film this bad in those days. The plot was predictable and clichéd.  The actors and director should have stopped making movies after this film, but no, they proceeded to put another one in the same exact plot and make another film in the exact same style, which was so predictable that you would think the film would have had to be canceled and thrown out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What a bad film. I've never seen a comedy this bad before. This is the kind of movie that I hope I never see again.  I know that I will have to live with this kind of a film for a long time, because no one would ever want to see a movie that made such kind of mistakes again. It is just so terrible that it makes me sick to my stomach.   If you want to laugh with me, then don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was absolutely awful. It was not funny at all. I was not entertained by the movie, it was not interesting, and I don't recommend people waste their time watching it.  If you want to watch a funny movie, I suggest you watch the original "The Cat and the Canary" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why I bothered to watch this movie, but I do remember the first episode where it was really bad, and the first time it was that bad it was a great movie.  It started out good, then it got boring and I was bored. I mean, if the whole movie is so boring, I wonder why it lasted more than 6 episodes, because I was really looking for something good to watch, but this is just crap, bad acting and a very poor script that's just terrible.  The only good thing is that I don;t like it anymore, and I don'nt care if the other 3 people do, I still don't like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It starts with a seemingly normal movie. There's a guy that comes in to a bar, and he drinks a lot, and doesn't really like it much. The other customers are normal, and a lot of them seem to be friends of the guy.  The movie itself is pretty bland, with a few good moments.  Some good moments of the movie are good, with some good dialogue, and the ending is OK, although not a memorable one.  This movie is a waste of my time. It doesn't take a long time to get through the rest of the boring moments. It also takes a lot longer to get to the good ones. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of the original movie. But as a movie with an ending that really made me wonder what was going to happen, I found myself watching this movie for the third time. I had my hopes up and when it came time to watch it, I was watching the ending again and again. It seemed to go no where. There were so many unanswered questions that I wanted to get answers. I mean, I could really use a little more closure on this movie. The best I can say about this movie is that it was the worst film ever made. The movie is like an endless series of poorly executed and uninteresting scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made me want to see this movie was seeing all the gore and the violence and then wondering why I wasted two hours of my life watching this.  The movie is not shocking or disturbing. It is not interesting. It will be better to stay in your seat and laugh your pants off at the good acting, great good humor, great atmosphere and great soundtrack. This movie has a lot of good gore scenes and scenes of blood and violence. This is not one of the best horror movies ever and I recommend not to watch it unless you are a huge fan of the genre. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first ten minutes of the movie were really good. It wasn't too gory. I mean, it had good gore scenes and good characters, but it wasn't all that good. The story had a very hard time following.  The acting was really bad. The dialog was not very exciting and there were not very good gore or suspense.  It was not really all that gory, but there was not a lot of gore, either. The acting is okay, but the gory scenes were good.  All in all, the movie is really bad in comparison to the original movie. It has a few good gore moments, and that's it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie from my local cinema and thought I was going to like it. Well, I was not disappointed. It is the worst horror film I have ever seen and I don't think I have watched anything close. I do not know if this film was shot on film, the camera work is bad, the editing is terrible, the sound effects are awful and the sound editing is poor. This film is not scary at all.  If you want a good horror film, watch a good documentary instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to write this comment as I was really angry by the film's poor production values. This is by far the worst film I have ever seen. The film has absolutely no production values, camera work, editing, or acting capabilities. I could make a better film in a day. The plot is so weak and all of the actors are bad. I just think that the movie needs to be destroyed, and it's sad that this is one of the movies that really isn't worthy of any notice. I would like to see some of the newer films that are released yearly, because the ones that are good are not worthy of the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never seen a horror movie that was this bad! It is very, very, terrible, very dull, and uninteresting movie. The plot is really really boring, the acting is awful, and it's really, really boring! The sound is bad. It really is.  There are a lot of things that just don't add up, but I think this movie just added to the pile.  It is really a bad film, just like the other horror movie I have seen, and I have also seen The Ring 2, and both of those horror movies are better than this! I really don't think I'll bother with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember seeing this movie when I was about fourteen, and I was going home from school one day to get some beer and I happened across it on TV. I wasn't going to rent this movie, I was really looking forward to a movie that was funny, but boy was I disappointed.  The movie had one funny scene where the two main characters are playing a game of dare, and there's some kind of horrible humor to be had. The plot wasn't good at all, the acting wasn't bad either. The only funny parts were the two scenes where the characters were making out.  This movie is not worth even renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been done a million times before. It is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I think this movie is so bad, it is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie I have been waiting for a long time to see the end. It finally arrived.  The movie was so bad that it was good. It was just a bad, boring and boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is so badly written and directed that it is impossible to believe that this movie is even a remake of the original book. The fact that it doesn't take place in the book is so terrible. The characters are not given any motivations for their actions, or at least any reasons that make any sense. And it is not funny. The direction is so unclear, that it makes it impossible to understand and follow.  The actors are so wooden that it has made me laugh a couple of times. The script is not as funny as the original script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was bad and the plot was poor.  The cast was bad, the special effects were bad, and the story was bad.  In short, I would not recommend this movie to anyone, unless you like watching a movie with bad special effects.   I will give credit where credit is due, and that is in the last 5 minutes of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this movie at the sundance festival and was disgusted by the acting, the plot and the direction. I saw a film that was so poor and the acting was so bad it was good. The plot was so hackneyed I thought I could not even watch it due to the horrible and disappointing acting.  The best thing in this movie was the acting. I think they were trying to do something serious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is the worst movie i've ever seen, i've watched it twice and i've decided to take a look.  The story is about a guy who's life goal is to make a movie with him that would make him a star and not some other crap in his life,  This film is very bad, and that's the reason i watched it.  There are scenes that are very bad (like the scene where he and his friends are sitting in a car and the guy is talking to his phone, then the phone is going to die), the sound effects are very cheap, and the camera is poor.  I would say this movie is not a good movie, and i'd say that, considering how bad this movie was, i'm surprised it didn't get released on DVD, because this movie has all the bad taste of a cheap movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some bad movies, but this was just awful.  The plot is very bad. The story is the same old. The main character is the cop, who gets killed in the end.  This movie is a mess.  Please, just don't waste your time with this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was like a bad version of "American pie", with a lot less cheese and less bacon and not much more fun.  This movie isn't really funny, and I was looking for something to laugh at when I saw it. I found this to be pretty boring, the jokes are stupid and not funny. I felt like I was at the dentist after having my wisdom teeth pulled out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film at a local theatre on Friday the 19th of April 2004. I was bored out of my wigs and the story was too weak. I turned it off after half an hour and I couldn't stop laughing. It was too bad.  The story was badly written, the plot was stupid and predictable. It just seemed to be all out of place and I just kept thinking this movie was going to be like "The Blair Witch Project".  If you are looking for a good horror film, I'd suggest watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're going to make a movie with bad, gory, and low budget, don't make it a'so bad it's good' movie. A lot of blood and violence will make you a lot of sick, but will also make you sick.  I think the movie was a waste of money. If I could, I would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are good horror movies, and this one is one of the worst ones I have ever seen. The ending is the only one good, and the whole movie was just boring. I think the acting is okay, and they should just give up horror-movie movies, but this one just goes to show you how low they will stoop to get a 10 out of 10 for this one.  I have to admit I was really sad to see this movie made. The story is stupid, the acting was bad, and I think I will never watch a horror movie again. I will give this movie a 2 out of 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie isn't really a horror movie. It's not a horror, it's a waste of time.  The script is horrible. I am glad it didn't take out the parts that were good.  It doesn't make much sense, it just feels like a made-for-tv movie. The acting is bad. The writing is bad, the script is bad... It's like a bad TV show.  This is one of those movies that you would expect from the writer to the director...  If you are expecting a good horror movie with good acting and great production, you'll get this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not so much an acting contest as it is a movie with no real plot and no real message. The movie is like a train wreck that just ended up running off into the woods and no one is looking for it or it is too late. The director should be embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (pan)  Sound format: Mono  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the movie very pointless and a waste of time. I don't think I could get bored watching a movie about this crap and then turn it off again and get bored again. The only good thing about the movie was the ending. It was a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was going to say that this movie was really bad, it really wasn't bad at all, I just couldn't stop laughing at how bad the ending was. And the end...it wasn't the end of the world...it was the end. I was like...this movie really sucks. I mean...its sooooo....bad I was laughing so hard at the ending and how bad it was. The acting was bad, the plot was bad. And I'm not gonna spoil anything because if you don't know how the ending is, you'll just get depressed. I really don't care what people think about this movie, I think the ending should be shown to people who are depressed and just need a good laugh. It's not the end, it's the end and I'm gonna keep watching and I think you'll understand. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an incredibly failed attempt at horror-movie-making that actually got much better than the original.  I saw this movie at a festival and I have seen most of the others. The only good thing is that I didn't like the film very much, because of the bad acting.  The only thing that I could take away from this movie is that the soundtrack was too bad and the camera-work was awful.  This has to be the worst horror-film ever made, even for a horror-loving teenager. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't believe it. I thought that this was an awful film. The acting was horrible. The cinematography was bad. The story is a mess. The direction was bad...  The film is terrible...  I don't know how they could have made this...I mean, how could they have made such a bad film... I mean, the cinematography is so bad... And the story... The entire film is a big joke. I mean really, the entire film... If you have a good idea, don't waste your time with this film. It would be a great way to spend an afternoon. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful! The acting was awful. The script was terrible. The cinematography was horrible. The characters were wooden and unbelievable. The plot was weak. The direction was terrible and the cinematography just not up to par. The story is so predictable and is all time predictable. I think I have seen worse movies in the last decade! The only good thing was that the ending was really good and that's all I can say about this movie.  If you like low budget, low budget movies like this one, then you should probably try to avoid this movie at all costs. I would recommend that you watch "The Dead Code" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is weak and nothing special. The acting is bad. The script is crap. The story is crap... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an embarrassment to British cinema. I saw this movie for a screening on my local TV channel and I had to sit through it. I managed to get through half of it and after that I fell asleep.  What I am saying is if you are a fan of bad British films and think this movie will be something to watch for the kids or even just watch for an hour but do not in fact expect it to be anything other than a bore. If you want to watch a good film for children then watch "Winnie" but if you want a good laugh then don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's something missing from this film...there's no script, direction, camera work, camera movements...there just isn't any movie like this at all...   The result is a total failure on every level.  The actors are not at their best, and there's no real story, and the director has no idea how he made this film.   A total waste of time, and I'm not sure if I can recommend this movie to anyone, as I have seen many bad movies, and this one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with the beautiful scenery of a small American town.  There is a small group of people who try to make it big. The acting is awful, the cinematography is terrible.  The characters are all caricatures of themselves.  And this movie is an embarrassing failure of everything the town has become known for.   I was really hoping something good would happen but was so let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Adam Sandler fan, so I was very excited to see this movie when it came out. I was pleasantly surprised, but this was a disappointing movie, but Sandler had so little character in it that it failed to hold my attention. This movie is a major disappointment, it's nothing compared to The 40 Year Old Virgin, the other movies of Sandler's career.  The story is pretty boring, and the movie's pacing is way too long. The story has two main plot lines, but the movie is so poorly directed that the only time I stopped watching was when the ending made me want to stop watching. The movie is not worth a rating, so don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that was just released, it's been a while since I've seen it, so there's really nothing to write. The only thing I liked about it is the music. It was the worst film I've ever seen.  The plot was completely unbelievable, with not a single funny joke or line in it. It is nothing to see, this movie is completely trash. The actors are rubbish, and the plot is crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was terrible. The acting is horrible. The script is terrible. And the direction? The only good thing is that the movie doesn't fall flat on its face.  I guess I could be wrong.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the first hour of "Night At The Museum" was a little better than the second. I liked the story better than most people, and I did like the "motivation" behind the movie. The main characters seemed to be there because they were forced to act like this movie was being watched, and the ending was like they were there on autopilot.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, unless you are desperate to see a bad documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on TBS about 2 years ago. The acting was bad, and the plot was a joke. It was really really very un-funny. The whole movie was soooooooo stupid. The entire movie was terrible, and I think the director tried to make a good movie out of it. I mean come on!  The ending is really bad, I mean the movie was SO bad, the entire movie made me wanna punch the TV, I swear I could of done better.  I give this movie a rating of a 4/10, because that's all I can give this garbage. I really hope the producers don't ruin this movie by giving it another title. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really bad, I mean really bad. The story is not good, and the acting is not so good, I really hope that director Fred Olen Ray gave up on this and went back to work on "The Incredible Strange Science Theater Show" and "Fridgemar" instead.  If you like bad movies, or really stupid, low budget movies, don't waste your time on this one, its terrible, really really really bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are good reviews, but they are far from accurate, because what they are saying is the movie is like an episode of the television series "The Amazing Race".   It is unfortunate that a movie which was nominated for the best picture of all time in a film festival is called "the Amazing Race"   The main problem with this movie is that it is not really about a car or race. It is not even about a film, it is about a very bad and stupid movie that tries to be a documentary.  I am going to tell you the story of the movie from the first few seconds. It starts out with the acting.   "Well, I have seen the first 10 minutes of this movie, so I am shocked."  "I have been watching the movie since the beginning and all of it is horrible."    Well, wow.  Oh, well, okay.  This movie is not that bad. It has just been bad.  It was not that good. The acting is bad, the script is not good, the direction is not so bad. The direction was bad, and the direction has a lot of bad directing. The director really is bad. In this movie it is worse than the last "Amazing Race" and that was really bad. I am not going to give anything away, I don't know.  Please, just don't watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.35:1.    Title (Brazil): "O Lampião de Estrelação" ("Lightning")   Directed by: Fernando Fragata   A must-miss.  Title ("Vietnam") 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really not too bad, it's just not funny. This movie is very boring and very stupid. It's not like those other movies that are very bad at the beginning. The jokes are lame and the story is just not interesting. It reminds me of the old, "A little help of me", "What do you call a friend?", "I want a little change of scenery".  It has a lot of unnecessary scenes and a very weak script. It really is nothing special. The movie just lacks some good humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The premise is cute. The cast is boring. The plot is predictable. The acting is bad. The editing is poor. The music is horrible. The only funny parts of this movie were the music videos.  My advice is don't waste your time with this movie, even if you like the songs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The film is not good. The film shows nothing. Nothing happens. The script is very incoherent. It's not funny.  The direction is very bad. The story is too weak and it's boring.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to say about this movie. It is one of those movies that are so bad that they just made it. I mean, it was a horrible movie. The whole movie was so bad and nothing special happens in it. The only good thing is that it was so much terrible and the special effects were so fake that I felt like my eyes had been watering with them. The acting is poor and the whole movie is not worth to even rent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should have been titled, "Bizarre Science Theater 3000." It was actually a pretty good movie with a bunch of very interesting effects. If you like the kind of movies that were made when you were 10, like The Godfather or The Mother Vanishes, you'll love this one.  I guess the only thing that was good was that it was pretty silly. And that's the only reason to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of this show, but I'm getting old and I'm just not very interested anymore. But the thing is, I don't really like the show, it just seems like it's becoming a boring, boring show with no real message.  If I would just watch one episode from the show I would probably end up disliking it a little bit.   If you don't watch the show you will not enjoy this movie, the show just becomes a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line is pretty weak...but it just doesn't add up...there is no suspense and the ending is not good.  I really think this is just a bad, dumb movie.  It really should not have been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a big disappointment. It started with good, but the story and the characters were completely boring.   The story was very boring, and the script was not very good at all.  I really hope that there will be a sequel to this film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts with an explosion of violence and gore. A group of teenagers are lured to a cemetery, they are lured by a girl who is found to have been killed there. She has a group of friends who all have the same dark fantasies about her. The girl is seen to have committed these crimes, so a group including the girl's friends who committed these terrible acts, and the director of the cemetery where the girl committed these acts, decide to try to bring the girl to justice.  The group is led by an old man who has a fascination with the girls' dark fantasies. He has a morbid fascination with these girls and they all die.  So we have a movie that has a good idea, it has a decent plot and decent acting, the director should at least look at his watch.  If you liked this movie, you would be hard pressed to find another movie with the same storyline and with the exact same plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I saw of this film was a short that was shot in the desert area in Arizona (and the desert is actually just a short shot from Tucson, Arizona). The film had very little desert scenery and very few people, but the acting is so bad that I couldn't even sit through it. The story is bad, the characters are so un-sympathetic, and I'm not even going to go into the plot.  The film has been put on a "so bad, it's good" rating, and this is a good one.  If you want a real desert film, I recommend the excellent Desert Storm. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to see a movie made about the relationship of a male and a female. I have never been able to understand why this movie was so popular.  It is the worst movie ever. I am not even a fan of movies. This movie is not worth the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watch a movie is if it has the words 'Kabaree (North East of India)' in it. In that case I try to look at the face of the guy and his eyes, as a person. That is all. If your movie has that kind of words then it should be removed from the movie. Otherwise, I give it a score of 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say that I like the sound of this movie. I was waiting for something to happen, and it did. I'm going to watch the rest of the movie, and then I'll try to come up with something else. I mean, this movie is nothing more than an insult to women, who don't watch movies for plot, acting, special effects, etc... they want action, action, ACTION, ACTION. But they don't even know what the movie is, they don,they just want a movie with a good plot and a good story.  I'm sorry, but I cannot recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was just terrible and pointless, but the ending was really, really bad. I mean, the whole thing was so predictable, so predictable...   It was sad, I mean..  The movie was a joke. The movie is a joke, a joke that was nothing.  The acting is not funny, the script is bad.   The director should be ashamed of himself, the producer should be embarrassed, and the studio should be wiped off the map.  This was a bad waste of time, I tell you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not even the worst movie I have ever seen, and I have seen worse. This movie is not funny, nor is it good, nor are the people involved funny. This was made for laughs, and if it weren't for the laugh it would be funny. The plot is stupid, the characters are pathetic, and the movie itself is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was released and I have since forgotten all about it.  I found myself wanting to kill the director after I watched it. I wish I could say I have seen the movie.   The plot was predictable at best, the acting was bad, and the characters were not very interesting.  So the movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have no idea what the movie was about, or why i haven't seen it?  Well, it's not because i haven"t seen it in the theaters, but there's no sense to it at all, and the special effects aren"t bad at all. The movie doesn"t make any sense at all and its like a remake of "Jurassic Park", with the same dinosaurs in a different setting.  What is the purpose of this movie? Well, its a waste of time and money, and a waste the hell of a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie had some great moments. I won't ruin them for you but I will tell you that this is one of those movies. The first half of the movie is okay and I am not really sure why it didn't end when I started watching. The second half is more and more boring. The end was just plain bad. The movie went on to get worse and the characters were all one dimensional. The best part of the whole movie is at the beginning when they are going through the same old routine again and again. This is the kind of movies that just have to end when it becomes boring. This movie is not bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's unfortunate that the original show is now available on DVD, and I found it hard to believe this show is going to be able to capture the magic of the first show. I guess that's the point of the DVD release.  It is unfortunate that this show will air on ABC so long after the death of the show on NBC.  If you are hoping for a sitcom about this show, you have chosen the wrong movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is difficult to write about this film. It could have easily been a very good but not great horror movie. The only horror that was good was the acting. I found myself laughing at the acting and the script. There were some good moments. I was surprised at the ending. I didn't even like it but it was terrible.  The movie is like a really bad horror movie with bad acting, poor script, and bad editing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the words of the late great Edgar Allen Poe, the book of "The Fall of the House of Usher" is a sad tale. This is the movie.   A couple of things I would like to say about the movie are worth mentioning:  1.  The movie has the look and feel of the book.  2. The soundtrack sounds more like a school project, with the music, sound effects, and acting sounding like it was written by a 10-year-old.  3. The plot has been reduced to a very predictable plot and just nothing more.  4. I have been watching the movie and it is not as good as I was hoping.  5. There is a plot. There are many plots. There will be many more. It will be very disappointing.  6. The actors do not look or act very well. The camera is very, very dark and blurry.  7. A lot of people complain that this movie is "so much" like the book, but I do not. The movie is worse than the book and could even be the film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original movie is a poor rip off of a movie from "The Great Santini" directed by Goro Goro. The movie is poor, the dialog is bad, the script is bad and the movie is boring. And then you have this movie...    I won't even write any of the lines for this movie, I'll just make you know.  I think I have to write a summary of how bad this movie is.   If you want to watch the first movie don't bother with this movie. If you like to see Goro's latest work, then I recommend "Goro" again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not even going to comment on the acting or plot because I am not even sure what the movie was trying to say. It is probably best left to IMDb to decide. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a common saying amongst the movie watching public that the story line is not what the director intended.  In truth the movie is not a horror movie, it is a very bad movie.  The acting is awful the main characters are very fake and unsympathetic.  If I could, I would say this movie deserves a 2/10, I give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie "Darius" when I was in my late teens. It was the first time that I saw a horror movie, and I wanted to make a comment about it for myself. So I thought to myself: "What the heck is going on?" The story was too stupid and unrealistic. There was too much of a lot of plot, too much unbelievable and unbelievable.  The film was a waste of time, effort and money. The acting is horrible, and the story is lame and boring. The only good thing that could come out of this film is the acting of the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot was very predictable, the acting was bad, and the ending was so bad it was bad.  I felt like I was watching a movie that was nothing new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think I could. I did like the acting, and the plot. All of it was just terrible. I was so bored after 40 minutes of this movie that I actually cried out in pain for the actors. I mean, come on, you know, it was supposed to be a great movie! It was the worst film I've seen. I saw a few good scenes, but it was so much that I wanted to physically hurt myself.  So the good actors in the movie had good performances, and were so annoying that I gave it a 3/10. The good acting was actually good, as was the good directing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say that I'm very big into independent films, but this is just so awful. This was a complete waste of time. The plot was weak, the acting was bad, the direction was terrible. The only good thing was the soundtrack, which was okay, but the songs were so stupid and lame that I couldn't even notice the songs. This is a really bad film that should not have been made.  I will give this movie a rating of 2/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a rip off of 'Whipped' - only better. The story of a man who has been whipped to death and who returns to his life of a whaling crew member after he is rescued by a group of locals. There is a great scene in the whaling camp in the woods where the warden gives the man a choice of either hanging or electrocution.  The whaling scene is just horrible - it reminds me of the scenes in the old 'Whipping Boy' where a man dies from his wounds after he gets whacked by the whipper and is hung upside down and has his blood run on the ground.  If you are going to see a movie like this - don't watch it! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a big problem with this movie. The story is a lot more than just a love story between two guys and it's more about how they feel about each other. I mean, really, there is a scene where a drunk (whom I don't recognize from the movie) comes in and asks the other drunk guy to come over with him to his place to get some booze and they're sitting there, and he's the one that drinks.  And that's the only real reason I give this movie a rating.  It's like this:  1. I don"t know how I can recommend this movie to anyone.  2. If you like watching the movie because you like the way the story is, this movie is for you.  3. I recommend that you don't bother with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I am a huge fan of the first movie "Hud". I really enjoyed that one. The characters are so unsympathetic that you really don't care about them at all.   The plot is so bad and stupid that it has to be seen to be believed. The director made a bad film in the beginning that could have actually made a decent film. The only thing that I liked about it was the music, which was the only thing good in the entire film.  I don't know if it was supposed to be a satire of Islam or an anti-Muslim film, I don,t really care. I think I will just stay and see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first ten minutes of the movie were a decent enough plot. The story is not bad and the acting is not up to par with some of the "B" movies. The director tries to make the story good but the characters are flat and boring and the director is forced to throw in a lot of new stuff. This is the first movie that I have seen that is good enough to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot line is a pathetic one-joke-drama, that is, it's all a big joke. There are three instances in the movie where the movie actually has some kind of point (I guess because it's not really supposed to be a comedy) but this is all they did. The characters are so one-dimensionally unsympathetic, that you don't even care about them as actors or characters.  The cinematography is so bad it's hard to even comprehend what is going on. It's boring, un-creative and has no point. The plot is so haphazard that it's embarrassing.  As a movie that was really, well, bad, I'd recommend renting it out for your friends and having a good laugh with them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I write this, I am thinking that I am really out of the norm for a movie that is this bad. The story is so uninteresting, the plot is so haphazard and the acting is so bad that I'm almost laughing right now at the sheer ineptness of the actors. The worst part is that there was nothing new. The movie is just not good. And that is sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is it with this movie?  If you want to know what's wrong with the world, look at your local news.  It's a bunch of propaganda, and it doesn't take a genius to figure that out.  The movie is boring and the acting is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was horrible - the acting was bad, the plot was bad - and the final act was bad.  The plot was terrible - I don't remember a plot, I don`t remember a story.  And the ending...  I`m gonna go home and kill myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, this movie is a joke. A very low budget movie.  I think this movie has a very low production quality and a very poor script. It's really sad when the director doesn't seem to know when to quit.  If you enjoy watching low budget movies with your friends on a Saturday night, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is bad and the plot is awful. The only good thing I can say about this movie is the plot. The movie is really not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a woman and her husband going to her parents house for some rest. The wife gets in the car, the husband gets in, the woman drives away, and they both stop at a local bank.  Now the story is very weak and the movie is a real waste of time. The director should be banned from making any movie for the next ten years. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first scene you see some beautiful shots of the desert landscape and you feel it is the sort of place where everything has been completely abandoned. There is no water and you can see the trees are not very tall. The cars are old and in some places you can even see a little bit of light on the ground. It is the desert where you have a bad case of post-traumatic stress disorder.    The movie was boring throughout.  It was not interesting and the only interesting thing was a strange shot of a man in his underwear with his intestines hanging out of his side pocket.  I do not recommend this movie for people who want to waste an hour of their life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad film. A bunch of kids decide to go on a picnic and the park is full of deer.  This movie is terrible. The plot is a rip-off of 'KISS KISS and the DEVIL'  It's a complete failure.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I can come up with to watch this film is because I am a fan of the first.  But I found the whole movie an utter failure.  If you want to see a good film, don't watch "Cannonball Run". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first five minutes of the movie is an incredibly dull sequence in which some kind of information is dropped on us and we get the feeling that it is a documentary on the treatment of American soldiers during the Vietnam war. The film is not.  The acting is bad, the direction is poor and the cinematography is bad.  I think it is time for the producers to try and get the budget for the next movie down to the minimum, then maybe they can take a breath and make something original again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I'd like to say that I liked "Loulou" I think I must have been 10 at the time. This is the first time I've seen such a bad script and bad acting that I have ever seen.  The script was completely incomprehensible and the characters not real at all. There is no explanation for how they got these ideas or were able to act. There are no answers to be found in this movie.   This movie is not good at all... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was terrible. The plot was weak. The movie was full of clichés. The humor was bad. The cinematography was bad, and the result was that I could hardly sit through the entire movie.  I am glad to have seen this movie, I was hoping that the story would somehow have turned out to be a masterpiece, but it was the worst I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you read my review on IMDb, you'll see that I was actually excited about this film! And I was right! The plot of the film is boring and uninteresting. The film isn't good in any way. There's not much action, but the characters are not all bad and are all so annoying and unsympathetic. The plot is too unclear, the pacing is choppy, and the acting is too weak.  The plot doesn't really make sense. The characters are all about average and the actors all sound like they are trying to act like Hollywood actors. This film has a pretty good story, but that's really not all that it's good at all.  I think that the only good thing in the film was the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very disappointing movie, the only thing that kept me watching was the very good performances by the actors, the special effects, the plot, the sound effects, and the direction.  The movie was so bad that it's almost a cult film. It could've been much better if there weren't more great actors and actresses in the movie. The movie is a joke that really is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of the good movie genre. I've seen the original classic three times, and the third one is the one I have seen the least. I'm not particularly interested in watching the other two.  The plot is poor, the acting is good, and it all feels a little artificial and rushed. It could be a great movie. It's not bad.   The original classic was a decent watch.  My rating: 2/5 stars. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that you would expect to be the worst movie ever made. The plot is predictable and nothing is special about it.  The cast is horrible and nothing special happens.  I found the ending really really stupid.   I think this movie is about the same as "The Hills Have Eyes".  The ending is really dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As you read, the plot of the film is very silly. It's like claiming the sky is green because of a man's reflection in a mirror.  This film is completely uninteresting, the acting is not funny and the script is not creative.   I'm hoping for an A+ rating, but it's not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very low budget movie that really needs to be shown. I have seen movies that were so bad that it was good.  This is a waste of money.  The story is the most obvious one I have ever seen from the actors in it. There is no plot, there are some funny scenes and most of them are very obvious.  I like the concept of "The Last Mimzy" but that's not a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first part was an interesting film about a couple of guys that play match maker to a girl who's had a fling with a guy that she has sex with, but is now falling for.  What is the theme of this film? A woman, a woman who is pregnant, and her husband decide to have an affair with another woman.   And I just saw this in the theater, where the movie was playing so loudly it was hard to even understand what was going on.  I was watching this film, and I was just waiting for something to happen, but nothing did. The story was not interesting, the cast was uninteresting, the editing was not too choppy, and the sound was too low-key.  The only thing that I liked about the movie is the ending. I would have liked to have seen a bit more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to see this movie as it was originally written, because it was a pretty weak movie.  The movie could have been a lot better.  A lot of things that were not quite true to the original story were not very well done.  This movie has a weak plot, which doesn't make a good movie. The acting is bad, the script is bad and the direction is poor.  I am shocked at how much I have to say about this movie. It is not funny, not interesting, and does not have any real meaning. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you have any kind of feeling for this movie you have to see the movie. It is bad acting, bad script, horrible directing, bad music, bad acting... This movie is nothing more than a failed attempt to make a B-movie.   It is not worth a comment to write about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie for the first time and after that, I have NEVER seen anything that bad! It was really really really dull and I think the director tried really hard to make it funny! It doesn't make much sense at all, and the story is really lame! The acting is bad, the plot is boring and not very funny, and there is no real plot. The movie is full of cliché's and there's not much funny jokes to speak of.  I think it's a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful, the script is bad, the direction is bad and the music is awful.  What's worse is the ending.   This movie was just a waste of time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you have any clue how to use the DVD player in order to watch this film, please do so. I mean, I like that kind of movies, but this one is really just terrible. It's bad.  I mean... the DVD is really really bad. The soundtrack is terrible, and there's no way you can enjoy this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my friend and she said she didn't want to spend the whole movie with it. It was boring and a waste of time.  I don't know how it is possible that it made $6.6 million dollars of its $100 million budget.   I guess the studios ran out of money on this and spent it on booze. I guess that's the movie that they could of been making for the fans.  The movie was bad enough to ruin. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few words of warning to anyone reading this review, please don't read this review. It's like claiming a movie is "bad" because it features bad actors, special effects, and so on. And there's no way a movie with all this is "good" in any way.  The movie has a lot of blood and guts in it, but it's just the fact that this movie isn't "so bad that you can't see it," as it's so bad, that you might actually feel bad for the actors, and you might even feel that the director is trying to "solve" the blood-drenched mystery. The blood is red, the guts are black, and it's all just a sad story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a bit puzzled with the concept of "Turbulence". I'd like to see more of the "Trouble in Paradise" - and that's it.  This movie is the worst of all, I mean, it is the second worst movie that I have seen in my entire life. I think it is "Tropic of Terror" (another of the many bad, bad films).  I will give this movie a 3.5/10 because of the fact that it is based on the best novel of all time, the "The Incredible Melting Man", a very sad one, which is about the relationship between a mother and her daughter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like horror movies and this movie is not one of them. The movie starts well. It is a very uninteresting horror film. The story is so uninteresting and uninspired and is the acting all around bad that you just cannot understand how bad it is.  There are a lot of clichés. Like the character of the psychiatrist who comes in and says "I don't know what happened, I can't remember anything". The characters are so wooden and uninspiring that you will be laughing at the screen.  The movie is very disappointing. If you want to watch a good horror film, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I want to say I liked the movie. I mean, if you're going to make a movie about the F-Word and the word F-sharps, this movie is going to suck. If you're making a movie that tries to take a message and stick it to people, you're in for a long ride. The whole movie was predictable. I think this movie could have been a great movie if the movie wasn't so horrible. I give it a 2 out of 10, and I'm only giving it 1 because I have nothing else to say.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was horrible. It was bad, the acting was bad and the script was terrible.  I've never heard of this film. It's like a remake of the 70's sitcom.  It really sucks that bad script.  This is not funny.  The plot is bad and it's predictable. The movie is bad, I mean really bad.  Do not waste your time watching this film, even if you enjoy watching bad comedies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A few things to be clear: I'm a huge B movie fanatic. And I think this movie was awful. I mean, if I were a big B movie fan, I would have rated this movie a 10 instead of the 1. This movie was just a pathetic mess.  The acting was terrible. The direction was bad, and the cinematography was poor.  I mean... I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you liked "The Dead Code" or "The Dukes of Hazzard", you'll love this movie. If you like a B movie that's been filmed in a day and done by professionals who have spent hours to perfect the details, like the movie in "The Killer Inside Me", you're going to love this film.  If your not into B movies and your expecting a lot, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that struck me about this movie was the music. I found it to be quite dull and lifeless, and the acting didn't really have much talent either. But then the movie goes on to a lot of the usual musical stuff, and there was some good acting as well. I really think the director ruined it for me, because it's not the typical Hollywood musical. It doesn't have any songs, which is not a good thing, but it's just boring and the movie is bad.    It's all a waste of my time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some bad movies, and this was one of them. This movie was awful, horrible, really bad. I just could not believe it when I saw the credits. It is one of those "I want my money back" movies. The acting is horrible, the movie is boring, the story is bad, and the credits are bad. It just looks like a bad made, badly acted, bad movie.  I just can't believe how bad this movie is. The people who made this movie obviously wanted to see something else, so they are going to be embarrassed. I mean, really, if you are going for a comedy, and don't add a funny or dramatic component, you are in for a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst film ever. The acting is so bad that it is not funny. The jokes are so poorly written that you are laughing at them. The plot is weak, the humor is not amusing, and the entire movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD of this movie and it was horrible. The first ten minutes are very interesting and it is just like watching an infomercial.  Then, suddenly, the movie goes off the rails. The acting is bad, the plot is not credible and the entire movie is a big disappointment.  This movie is about as bad as the last two movies of OJ Simpson.  I am giving this movie a rating of 2 only because the acting was so bad and I have seen better movies, but this was just a horrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is one big pile of clichés and a boring movie with the same kind of plots as all the "Cinema Paradis" movies and this is the kind that only makes sense in a horror movie.  I give this movie a rating of 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's like a bad remake of 'The Godfather' with a more entertaining script and a different location and people. The movie is supposed to be'sobering' and 'confusing' but it's so bad that you'll hate to take your eyes off the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this movie is, in essence, the same as the first one - but worse.   There is no real suspense, and there is no suspense at all, in fact the movie just drags on and on and there's nothing interesting at all.  The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the ending is bad. The whole movie is just a bore, nothing special, nothing.  In conclusion - the movie was a waste of time and a waste for me 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why this film was not banned in the UK is because the BBC has had a reputation for over-seriousness and it's hard to know what the BBC's current image of itself has.  The cast were all over the place and there was little quality to be found in the films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I'm a huge fan of the original show. This movie isn't bad, and it's not worth spending money to see it. It's a total waste of money and the actors were terrible. I have to see the movie again, because I can't even remember when it was.  This movie is like a remake of a bad episode of DALLAS. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A very bad movie. It's just bad rubbish, it's very dull, and there's not a bit of interesting plot, so I just kept watching it and it kept getting worse and worse. It made no sense at all. There were no plot developments at all and I didn't really care about the characters at all... The only one funny moments were when the girl started acting really stupid. She started talking about how she was going to kill her father for eating breakfast in the morning and then suddenly, the ending. I was watching it thinking 'what the hell is going on??'. I couldn't even finish the movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am always a big fan of Stephen King. When I read the book, I always thought the movie was going to be really good. I never was. The movie turned out to be the biggest waste of time I have ever seen.  I'm going to make a list of the biggest mistakes that could have happened to a bad script.   1) I should have known better. The "special" effects were good. The story was bad. The direction was bad and the acting was bad, I think.  2) If it was the script that was good, I would have never gone to see it. The special effects are good. It's really sad when you think of them. I wish there was more "real" special effects in this movie.  3) Don't go into the movie with high expectations. It is NOTHING special. If you don't have a huge crush on a bad writer, you will not believe this movie!  4) If the movie is not based on the book as you were expecting, don't expect it to be as good as the book it was based on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are many reasons why this movie failed to win a nomination for the awards it was due to.  First, it wasn't written by the director of "A Double Life". It is written by a guy who made the movie "Double Impact", "Death By Dansu", "The Sentinel", "Vigilante" and "The Exorcist", all in one.  The story was too much, too much of it was a predictable one. In the end, the movie had no real ending, and just a few scenes were well-done.   This movie could have been a great film, but the story was not able to make it to the next level. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a good movie, than look no further. A good cast of supporting players have done an excellent job, particularly the two main actors, who are, of course, the two most important people in the movie. They are the only two characters that matter.  If only that I could be a little more charitable... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I saw this movie is that the only reason to see it is because the story is so bad, and the acting is so terrible. The whole movie was nothing more than a horrible attempt to make a movie that is not only bad, but has bad acting.  I will admit to being kind of dazed by the acting, and really, I was, but it didn't take long before I had to ask myself, "What the hell was that all about?"  There are some good acting performances, but not for a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of the first two movies and this is easily the worst movie of all time. It is not funny, the acting is horrible and the story is not interesting.  It should be dropped from the IMDB rankings because it is not worth even a comment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a complete failure. The acting is horrible, the story is a joke, and I was really looking for a good story.  The music is terrible.  My rating is one star and for that reason alone I was mad for the whole movie.   If I was to rate this movie, it would be a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off promisingly enough, but after just 10 minutes or so, it becomes so incredibly boring and un-spectacular, and the acting is so terrible.  This is the kind of movie that was made during the '70s when independent films were so much a rarity.   But with such talent and an un-loved lead, it doesn't really look like that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say, this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen. It starts off with a bang bang bang and gets a lot worse. It tries to be an action movie, and ends up being a waste of time. The story is extremely predictable and could have been written by a 9 year old.  I think this is one of the worst movies ever made in the history of the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first half of the movie is a very boring story. The acting is bad. The movie's direction is boring. And the ending... it was just... bad.  I mean... the movie was really bad. It wasn't funny, the plot was really predictable, and the movie didn't come close to capturing the magic of the original. The actors... I mean they were all the same... I don't know what they were trying to do, because this movie just ended up being bad. I mean, a lot of things happened and the ending just made them all seem like friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as the movie goes, it is like claiming that "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" is as good as the real Mr.Levitt.  It is not. The movie is not even really bad. It is boring, and is very not that good.   The only good part is when the movie is in a dark tunnel, and Mr. Levitt is chasing the limpet, with the sound of a bat and a bat!  I really do not know why people dislike this movie. I have seen worse movies, and this is the most boring movie I have ever seen.  The movie really was very boring, there was not a lot of plot, and there was no suspense.  If you want to see a good movie, you should see "The Amazing Mr.Limpet" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the biggest disaster in the history of mankind. I would have to rate this movie a 2 for the horrible acting, terrible direction, and terrible screenplay.  The plot is a sad one and not in a good way. There is nothing new to say about this movie, but I will say that it is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some pretty bad films, and this is no exception. I saw it in the early 1980's when it was first released, and since then it has been an embarrassment to me and the film-makers.  The script is pretty bad, the direction is a bad idea and the editing is awful.   The acting was bad, and the plot is a pathetic joke.  My wife and I found the film to be pretty boring, and I would probably advise people to stay away from this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really bad. It's just really horrible, it's really stupid.  There is no plot, not really. The acting is really all-around bad. The movie is so bad, and the movie is SO bad it's good.  It's really bad and the acting is so poor, I'm gonna be sick of people making such trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is an extremely bad movie with very little real story and very little suspense. If you liked the old B movie with the bad guys getting away, this movie is for you. I saw this movie with my girlfriend and we thought it was a joke.  My rating: 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worthy of your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the words of Woody Allen, "The Man in the Moon" is the worst Woody Allen/PJ Soles collaboration. I was actually looking forward to seeing this film since it was the first Woody Allen collaboration (but I didn't see this).  The film was too long. The characters were so stereotypical. It's not just the actors who played their roles, it's the script and direction that really hurts this movie. The cinematography was mediocre and boring. The script was poorly written and the characters were stereotypical and un-enactable.  The ending was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate that this movie was made, when I had expected it to be good. It is disappointing, since the first 15 minutes of the movie are very intense. The movie goes no where, but the next 10 minutes is nothing more than a half hour of pure torture. The story is not interesting at all, and there are no decent cinematography scenes to make the movie watchable.  The movie is not even watchable at all. I mean, the plot is not really interesting, and it is not watchable, but it is painful to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour is just boring and the rest is a succession of dull moments, punctuated by a few exciting moments, and there are a few very good shots in this film. The film is too dark, and too long. There are no interesting moments and no memorable dialogs.   I've seen many films that are far worse than this one. The title says it all:    'The Man With The Gun'  'Guns'   or even  'Bikes'. This film is not even bad, not even that bad.  The cinematography is amateurish, the acting is amateur, the script is bad, and the special effects are amateurish.  I was watching this because I like action movies, but I really don't, and I think this is the reason why I've never seen a film like this before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film had a pretty good plot and a decent cast.  The plot of the film was predictable at first, the acting was good and the plot was very simple and straight forward.  A lot of the stuff in the film is good and I don't think they were trying to be deep or complex, they just wanted to play it straight up and down. The whole film is very, very uninteresting and very poor.  It is very obvious why the film got such a bad rating.    It has an ending that is not what you would expect, I am unsure how I felt about that.  Overall I think the film did a fair job and I am glad I did not waste the film on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big movie buff, I just like to see action. I have to admit that this movie wasn't really realistic. All the fighting was very short, the fights not very exciting. The movie was about the stupidest and the weakest part of the movie. The characters were boring, the plot was not real, and it was really boring. The worst part is that they kept changing the subject to suit the movie: A young woman is raped by an old man, and gets pregnant. And the rapist rapes the young woman, and the baby grows up and kills her. So now we have a 2 year old child that is killing the mother? What's next? Is this movie supposed to be about a mother that is killed by her child? I am shocked that it took this long to get to the ending. I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film is nothing more than a failed attempt at a comedy but this film fails to realise that there is a serious difference between comedy and serious drama. The film is neither funny nor funny. The only funny parts of the film are about the characters of the two main characters - the two lovers of the main characters. The rest of the movie is nothing to special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad joke! In a joke, this is just the sort of movie that gets the worst laughs. The plot is a big pile of bad jokes and not very funny. And this movie is a pathetic mess.  The plot of this movie has a few funny moments and it is very unoriginal.  I was waiting for something better to come on the way to the DVD menu so I could actually laugh. The movie is just not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the most pathetic film I've ever seen. It's just boring. It lacks any kind of decent story line, no decent dialogs. The actors, all the acting in the world, are terrible. They're just out there.  The plot has no real point, the direction is horrible.  I mean come on, this is not "Citizen Kane". It's "The Great White Shark".  I don't even recommend this movie to anyone, just don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was a really dumb movie...the plot is weak, and the jokes are lame. The acting was bad...the jokes were bad...and the ending was just lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The problem with this movie is that it is not really that bad, the acting is not bad, and it doesn't really take place. The only thing that makes this movie good is the director himself. I just think this movie was a big waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for an indie film with bad actors and a plot, you're in for disappointment.  As it's too bad that it didn't get the theatrical release, I was very disappointed in this film.  The story is weak, the acting is bad, the plot is bad.  I really didn't like it, but that's it's only fault. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I have seen in the past year. It is not good if you expect it to be great, but if you are expecting something great, watch out. I have a feeling that I will be spending my time writing the review for the next week.  The plot is a lot like a bad episode of "A.C. Gray's Anatomy of Human Bondage".  I give this movie a very low rating, and if you read my review you will know I am exaggerating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke, and not a serious one. The humor is juvenile and corny, and the humor is stupid.  I've seen some really dumb movies, but this is one of them.  The director, for a start, should be ashamed of himself for doing such a horrible movie, and should refrain from ever making another movie like this again.   If you like mindless movies, this is not one to get, avoid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with a bang bang bang. You get to see a bang! The music sounds really good and the story is really bad.  A lot of the scenes are really cheesy and it has the same songs used in every scene.  If you like to watch good indie music, this movie is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was really really bad. The ending was really stupid and it was not really funny at all. The characters are stupid and don't act like real people. The script is stupid and does not make any sense. The editing is awful.  The plot is not good. The jokes are bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, let me say I would say that this is the worst piece of trash I have ever seen. I am so ashamed to say that I have to rent this crap again because of the sheer amount of people that I see posting about this movie. I know I am one of them. I just don't know what to do.  It is so bad, that I actually wanted to get up and go home and watch it. The only thing I wanted was to see the "good" bits. They were so good, and I am really glad I didn't see them all.  I am sure that this movie was made for a lot of money, but there is something about this that makes it worth renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen. I am not a person who really goes for a lot of things but I do appreciate the concept of a movie where people are given no real purpose. A movie that is not really about anything other than sex, drugs, money, and celebrity. I guess that movie could be a good idea.  The acting is bad, the story is bad... and the only thing that is really good is the music. I mean really bad... it was the music... it had to be the worst music I have EVER heard. I don't really know what to say about the movie.   The best part of the movie was the sex scenes... I mean REALLY, what was the purpose of the sex scene??? The acting was bad, and the story was bad.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10, and I really hope I will be able to rent it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is poorly shot, badly acted and most foul. There is no real plot and the end comes very rushed and rushed and does not seem to be anything exciting. There are too many shots of the old lady at the beginning, her lips don't move! and then the shot is just of her smiling. The plot is boring, the cinematography is very low budget, the editing is poor, the sound is not great, the script is very weak.  I am really surprised to see such talent in this film, maybe they don't want to waste their time on this crap. I can't really believe how they just gave this film a 10/10 and made it look like a 10. It is really sad to see some of the talent of the industry wasting their time. I know this was the same person who did the first film 'Criminally Insane' which was very good! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not only bad. It was, without a doubt, a horrible movie.  It is not funny, in fact, the only funny parts of the movie are the movie itself. The plot is completely silly and boring, and the acting is horrible.  The plot has no development. The acting is bad, and I will not even comment on the actors because that would be giving them some of the joy of the film.  If you want to see a good movie, don't waste your time on this one, you will be sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that I've been fond of Stephen King but his movies, such as 'The Shining', 'The Dead'. 'The Lost Boys' is a big disappointment.  'The Descent' is an absolute waste of time and not worth even a comment, I'll just leave it to say that.  The whole thing is just plain bad. It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like Lord of the Rings and other "blockbuster" action adventure films with an emphasis on big explosions, fast editing, and computer graphics (such as X-COM, for example), this movie will disappoint. It does not contain special effects, the camera movements are amateur at best, and the dialog is poor.    This movie is a parody of The Adventures of Buckaroo Bonzai and The Incredible Mr. Limpet.  The movie is like an episode of The Incredible Race with a laugh track, just with less laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor story - and one that is, by far, the worst film I have ever seen.  In an apparent attempt at making a serious film, director Fred Olen Ray attempts to portray a "serious story" in a way that will appeal to any moviegoer.  Ray's film is completely void of any plot and the movie is not interesting or interesting at all.  As such, it is no less boring than an episode of the sitcom "Family Guy" that I have seen on the Disney Channel and I found it extremely irritating.  If I could, I would give this movie a rating of one star for the "no story" factor, and I would say it deserved a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this movie to be a bad rip-off of the old Bond movies. It was badly directed, the acting was bad, the special effects were bad, and the story was poor. I found myself wondering why i bothered to watch this movie. I wonder if this is the only reason to watch it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen "Fishermen of Baghdad" many times before, but I must say that this movie was not as bad as I had hoped. I mean, it was not bad as the previous movies. It wasn't bad at all. And the plot of the movie was so weak and unbelievable, that I couldn't even watch it because it was so bad. It was bad enough that it was entertaining.  The ending was like a really bad version of the old "Wizard of Oz", only worse. I don't know, really, what "Wizards" is. They were good, I guess. I think the movie is really about an old war that ended with the death of all the characters. I'm really sad for them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no way to describe how bad this film is. I've seen a couple of comments that have described it as "horror comedy", "dark comedy", and so on. I just think it's another excuse for a bad horror film. I think the only reason to see it is because the acting is terrible. The only good aspect is the fact that there is no story. The director is so desperate that he's willing to take every possible trick out of the book to try and make this a good film.  The film is filled with bad writing and poor, pointless, and clichéd acting that makes it a real waste of time. The entire movie is full of plot holes and just not in a fun way.  In the first 20 minutes, it was obvious that the plot had holes that you could drive an F117 through. It was a fun watch to see how the holes formed, but I didn't get it. The movie is so bad that I just had to cut and pasted the film to make it even watchable.  I give this movie a 1 out of 10 simply because the director, the writer, and the actors are so bad, that they are good at writing. It's like the movie "The Omen" or "The Blair Witch Project". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts well, with some very good action scenes, and you can see why.  It does not have a single good scene. It is full of many bloody scenes.  The plot is weak, and could be a good movie if the cast was strong enough.  This is an absolute waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts of well with the great premise that the story has been told before and the characters have come to an end. But as the movie progresses it becomes apparent that there is something missing. Maybe this is the fault of the director and his crew. There is not a single original moment. There are endless clips of people being shot and edited and there are a few decent shots of the great Sir Anthony Hopkins singing the opening theme to the movie.  The film's strongest point is the music, which is used for most of the film. I am still trying to understand the lyrics, so I will refrain from commenting on the lyrics.  It was an awful film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie is about a guy who is about to be assassinated by his own father, a woman who is in the middle of a psychotic episode and the two men who are to be the witnesses to his final days. I don't know, I just saw the movie. It is sooooooo lame, it is so fake, the plot is so thin you can hardly even recognize the characters.  There is no plot, and what little there is the director is such a weak hack that I could barely recognize him as the same character in another movie.  The only real highlight of the movie was when the police officer comes in to question the two witnesses. When the officer asks the witnesses about their involvement with the killers, the two guys start screaming at the cop and then they start kicking at him and hitting him, and he gets up and runs and hides behind the truck and we don't even see him. He could have easily escaped and we wouldn't have seen him if he had taken a good exit. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember when this movie was first released I was watching it with a bunch of friends and after 40 minutes everyone left the movie in the toilet. It was disgusting. I mean, what a mess! It was so bad and bad, I swear the cast and crew had a hard time sleeping after seeing it. I don't know if they were sick or not, but if you liked the movie and didn't get freaked out by the movie then you were freaked sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film with a friend and after it was over I turned to my friend and said "This was the worst movie I have ever seen. The only good thing is that I did not laugh at the first ten minutes of it. I am very glad I did." I laughed at the beginning of the movie and I could not even finish it. The plot is a mess.  I did enjoy the ending. It seemed to have some depth to it that I am not going to give away. It is not the worst bad movie ever made and I am going to go and watch it to prove that I hate it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very disappointed with this movie. The story is not very original. The dialog is very artificial. And the movie is very, very boring and nothing special.  It starts with a woman (Gina Lollobrig) getting killed in the woods by an unknown assailant and he wants to use her blood in a good way. The movie is boring and the plot is very bad.  The characters are not funny. The actors are not very good either.  If you are a fan of bad movies, watch this one. If you like to see a good movie, then I recommend the movie "The Lost Coast". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad I watched this. The film is a big rip off of Fight Club and The Matrix.  I don't understand why this movie was made. The acting is awful, the plot is ridiculous and it makes the whole film seem to be an exercise in self-indulgence.  This movie could have been a good movie if it didn't try to have a point that is so hard to find. The ending is like The Matrix, except that instead of Neo waking up in a virtual world, we are treated to the lame, unimaginative and trite attempts at an emotional conclusion that just ended the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am an avid user of both horror and science fiction movies, and while watching this movie, I couldn't help but be disgusted and sick by the horrible acting, the lackluster direction, and the terrible soundtrack.   The acting was horrendous, the script was poor, and it all looked like a really, really bad film. I am a horror movie fanatic and it was sick to see such talent. The ending, in which a woman is lured to a cabin, where she meets a man in a window and is raped by him. The man is an incredibly creepy looking old man and can't wait to rape her again.  The cast was horrible, the direction was bad, and there was nothing even entertaining to say the least.  It is interesting to see if this movie had a chance to make it further, I hope so. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is like a movie that was made in a week and half and I didn't pay to see it, or even have it on my DVR. It's a pathetic movie, but so are many other films that have been made this year, so it's nothing new, but I feel like I watched a movie about a week ago and that I was still watching.  My friends are laughing at me and saying "this is the worst movie ever"  I have to watch this and I hope they get a laugh for wasting my time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was not expecting much from this movie. I got a few chuckles, but I thought the whole movie was awful.  I thought it would be a good movie, but it was much more a waste of my time than it should have been. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has absolutely nothing to do with the other movie "Stargate Atlantis" or "The Island of Dr. Moreau", two films starring Dr. Peter Kleno (as Dr. Richard Klenoe) and Dr. Michael Salk (as an astronaut) in their respective roles, nor is it even an action film, as far as I know. In fact, if you compare this movie to the other two, you will find that "Starcate Atlantis", in comparison to this movie, is nothing more than a poor imitation of a poorly made TV show.  This is not worth a second watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the last 5 years, we have seen some great movie, and there were some great, great indy films. This one is really bad. There is no plot, it is the worst movie i have ever seen. I am not really sure how bad the plot is, because it doesn't explain anything. And the last time i saw it was so bad that i could even watch the movie on my computer. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a film with an extremely long running time and an obvious bad script.  It was made as a parody of the original film, and the jokes are just silly.  In the original, the movie is about a woman who is stalked by a demented man who wants revenge on her, and ends up getting a strange letter from the demented guy.   In this movie, the woman is stalk by a man who, along with his partner, has the same demented obsession that the dementor had.  He is just out for revenge, and to get back at the woman who put up with all this abuse, she's in for a very unpleasant surprise.  The story is silly, and seems to be just out of bad Hollywood film.  This film is a joke, not a parody, it's a rip off of "My Favorite Year"  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you're reading this review, you may be able to see why i'm not able to go back and watch this movie for the whole movie. The plot may not be the worst i've seen, i've said, the acting isn't the worst I've seen from all the actors in the movie, the cinematography is rubbish. This movie is not good at all. The director should be forced to leave the country as he could have used the money from this movie to make a decent movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it's one of the worst films ever made. I can't even express how bad it is. The acting is awful and the plot is...unbelievable...really, I mean really bad. I mean the only thing that is good about this film is the acting of some of the cast and some of it's story is the only one that made sense.  I mean if you are going to make a movie about a girl discovering that she has feelings of her own then it is really sad that you have to make it like this...if you want to make another movie then don't make it this bad,this movie is a joke.... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie of all time.  I'm shocked that it made it to Sundance.  It's a bad, poorly directed and badly directed movie with bad sound effects, bad acting, bad special effects, BAD editing and horrible direction. The story is about a man who is plagued by a disease that causes him to experience hallucinations, and his life is slowly devolving into a hell of hallucinations and dead bodies.    As I watched this movie, I got the feeling that the director/writer wanted me to be completely convinced, and I got more and more scared the more I watched.  My biggest question: Why do I care? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What I mean is, a typical thriller story of some guy (Barry Pepper) and his dream of revenge against the evil forces of the State, can be done with such little thought. The script is bad, the directing is bad and the acting is bad. The only real surprise was the casting of the "good" people.  I gave this movie a 1 because of the acting, and because of some of the crazier scenes. The movie has a very high budget, a very low budget. It has a plot that is completely unbelievable, and the characters are all one-dimensional.  It makes me sick to see such good actors, and good actors who are good in a movie, and you wonder what the hell they were thinking. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman kills her 3-year-old daughter's 3-month-old sister in a car crash. The woman dies instantly, and the child is left behind with severe head trauma.  The sister has a history of depression and substance abuse. The mother is a substance abuser and the daughter is a depressed person. The sister kills herself in the hospital.  I would have to say that I have no idea why the sister killed herself. There is no explanation for it. The director could not have been more serious. I just cannot believe he made this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie failed to fail to disappoint me was when the last third of the movie started and all of a sudden I was like "Hey, wait, did I miss something?". The ending of the story is the only redeeming thing about this movie.  I can't say the same for the other movies in the series.  The ending is the main reason that I gave the movie a 1 out of 10, I think it was because I didn't believe it was a good movie. I felt like I got a bad one, and I thought it was the worst movie I've ever seen.  My biggest complaint was that the movie didn't really go all the way through, I feel like I was watching a film that went too long. I did feel like the ending was rushed, I was so impatient, I almost felt like it was missing something, but the movie doesn't seem to have that much to say.   Overall, I would give the movie 1 out 10, 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am an absolute sucker for a good story. I like the story, the cinematography, the use of light, the acting, the direction, the editing, the settings, everything. I love that the whole movie is shot in the desert.  I have seen more films, and I have loved them, but this is up there with the great works. The cinematography is brilliant, the images of the desert are full of texture and interest, the camera is dark, the landscapes full of rocks, etc. The use of long shots is an almost constant annoyance.  Overall, great film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really very bad. I didn't like it. I don't think it is a very good movie. I think it could have a much better story.  I didn`t like the fact that the director was very stupid and stupid. I can`t see how a director who was stupid and dumb could end up with a movie like this.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am very curious and very surprised when i watch a film of this kind. The acting is bad, the script is bad. The script is worse. The music is bad... and the whole movie is...   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I should say I am not going to describe every single movie I've seen. I won't, because I think I've already covered a lot of the clichés.  The basic idea is that a movie should have some message, that it's a comedy, but if you just repeat everything that comes before it (even if you have a message), then it should be funny. In fact, you should laugh at the things the characters say in the movie, it's not funny.  In the end, the movie is about nothing, nothing happens. The characters are a bunch of unoriginal jokes. The movie is a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have been trying to get the series off my chest for almost 25 years. It started out with the idea of a movie that would have some great story, some great actors and some great special effects, and yet there was one guy (Robert Stack) that played a villain that was very different from the others and so it would have been interesting. In the end it became a giant waste of time, no real story and the script is so poorly written I have never seen anything so horrible and this could have been a good movie.  I was mad to see the sequel, and I was sad to see that there was no sequel. I mean this was the movie where you could watch anything you wanted. And when you watch it, you have to say that it was probably the worst movie that has ever been made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am trying to make a statement that this film isn't bad. It isn't even really good.  This film is awful. It has a really bad plot and could have been really good, had there been more attention to detail. The script is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a fan of old Japanese horror films and this film is the worst I've seen. It is simply a bad horror film with some nudity, very little suspense, and the most pathetic dialog I have ever heard.  If you like old Japanese cinema this is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible.  The writing is terrible, the direction is amateur, and the script is horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a former detective is not the best I've seen but the movie is not funny, it's not interesting, and it's just plain not interesting.  The actors aren't bad, it makes no sense at all. The plot is poor and not funny. The editing is horrible, the acting is awful, and the direction is just plain awful.  I would have given this movie a 1 for the fun of it, but that's just me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like the good old western, this is the movie for you. The only thing that made this movie was that it tried to be a great western. But it wasn't.  I have seen better westerns. The best western was The Texas ranger (1980). The other westerns that were good were The Wild West, The New Texas, The Gunfighters, and the American cowboy films.   I was not bored with this movie at all, I was bored with the story line and the characters.  My biggest problem with this film is that it could have used a much better plot line. The story line is very weak, the acting is not realistic, the story is not good, and all of the acting was terrible.  If I were a western viewer I would have been bored with it, but I was a gunfighter. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is this? How could this movie ever become such a horrible mess?  The plot is stupid and the direction is poor and the writing is awful.  It is a big waste of time and money, and a big one at that.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very, very, boring. I mean, what do you expect to find in a movie that stars Brad Pitt? And he is the only person in the entire movie who is funny. The movie also features the usual gags that come from movies that are not good.  So the movie has a pretty good premise, which is that the super hero is a woman that is getting married to a doctor. This is not something I like, but it was just not funny.  And then there is the plot line. The doctor is a rich man and is paying for his wife's hospitalization with the hospital, and she has a lot of money that she needs. And then the hero comes in and she offers her money in exchange for the hospitalization. The hero agrees and the money is for her hospitalization, and the hero is also in need of money for her family. And so she gives the money to the doctor in exchange of a ride home.   So, that's it, really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to watch old movies like "I'm the Boss" and "My Favorite Year", "Cult of the Cobra" is not a bad choice.   It has everything that a low budget movie should: a plot, a story, bad acting, bad music, bad special effects, bad everything.  It is the worst film ever made and I am shocked to find this movie ranked as a cult film by IMDb.  The film is very poorly directed, the music is terrible, the plot is bad, the songs are bad and the movie is not good at all.  My advice, if you like this movie, don't watch it at all, just do something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a bad rip of other bad movie cliches like "The General" or "The Naked Gun" or the "My Favorite Martian" and this movie just doesn't fit in the category.   The whole movie is about some sort of evil super secret government experiment gone bad. The whole thing is like a sci-fi thriller and there are some pretty good shots of the military guys doing their stuff in the dark and in the woods.  The movie is filled with a few good shots but the movie itself is completely incoherent.  If you enjoy the kind of movie that is filled to the brim with bad guys shooting people and making loud noises, this is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a disgraced teacher, played by Steve Martin, who decides to visit a friend with his new found sense of humor, and asks her, "Is this the best movie I've ever seen?"   After Martin has left, the girl turns up on the scene and starts screaming, "I'm going to kill you! I'm going after you!"    The acting is terrible. Martin's character is an old man, not a new age "hick", but he's still a hick. The girl looks like a slut. The guy is a huffer. The movie would be better if they switched the guy with the new found funny material.   If you want to watch a good movie, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole premise of the movie is that this movie is about a guy named Mike who rents an apartment to his two beautiful young girlfriends and they have to choose a side, the angels or the satanists.  The problem is that the angels is the side Mike chooses. And his is the only reason he can even get a decent roommate in a crappy apartment in the first place.  His girlfriend has to choose between her two lovers, or else...    What I saw in this movie was that Mike's apartment was very spacious, with no closet, and the other girls had a closet too. And the apartment was in a big shopping center, surrounded by the same type of people that are constantly throwing things at each other.  And that's why the movie was so bad. The whole movie was really bad, and I mean really bad. I would have given it a 1, I really did not think the whole movie made sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad. The script was horrible.  The characters were not developed in a long time.  I was looking for a thriller but this was a waste of time. No suspense, no excitement. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A friend of mine, (Brian) is going to be doing some work in the city and he needs to get away from the city to get some time away.   He goes to his apartment and rents a van and leaves it parked out in the driveway.  When his neighbor (Darryl) comes in he has a question, "Did you leave it in the van?"  The man tells Brian to get in his car and he will take him back.  I have to get a picture of the movie, Brian is acting in a very annoying and unbelievable way.  My friend says, "Are you crazy?" He has to be the one crazy for me.  If you want to see a good movie about how the NYPD treats the mentally ill or mentally handicapped, this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, at the very least, a pathetic and pathetic movie. It is very much worse than anything I have ever seen. I did not laugh once during the whole movie.   I have no idea why I wasted my time on this crap.  The movie is extremely long, is poorly directed, and was obviously done for the hell of it.  If you are looking for a funny movie, don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In my opinion, the "The Order" is one of the worst and most pointless films I've ever seen. I found the movie to be extremely un-realistic, boring and without suspense. I felt like a kid that's come to the conclusion that something is wrong with his life, but that it's "The Great Satan" who has got all of his work done. In the movie, he is going through a routine and then he meets another kid who has just gotten home from school and this is the beginning of the story. They start to watch a movie together and after half an hour of this movie, I'm ready to throw the DVD out the window.  The "The Holy Grail" story was very interesting to me. The acting was very bad, very interesting and very boring. The movie is very un-funny.   I found that the "Omen" movie was also very boring, very boring and very uninteresting. I just don't get that, unless the movie is called "The Omen".  I would say the "the Order" isn't a bad film, and I don't think "The Last Omen" is a bad horror movie. It's a boring horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about a bored rich woman who gets a job in a big bank. She works very hard and then finds out that she can make $1,000,000 a year doing this. That's right. She can make up to $10,000 with a little help of friends. And her best friend is the guy who's got all her clothes and all of her bank account. And his car is a junkyard.  So she tries to make her life into a living hell. And she can't. She is so bored. She takes out her frustrations with people she doesn't like and she ends up getting all of them.  The movie is so bad that I couldn't stop laughing. The acting is so awful that it's good that I didn't even notice. I think this movie is about as boring as a bad, boring movie ever made. I wish they had left out the end credits with a bunch of people who had a good laugh. I'm not sure how this movie made more than $1 million in profits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The script was very poor. The characters were all cardboard.  The plot is crap.  I really do not understand why they thought this movie would be funny. I really think the only reason they made it was because the film was bad. I mean the jokes are lame. The jokes are stupid. The story is terrible.  There is no good acting or funny lines. It is sad that the film did not work.  My advice is do not waste your time on this crap. I have seen worse films. This is not one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched the movie after it was aired on HBO. It was not very interesting and I could not understand the plot.  The movie was too preachy, too formulaic. Too many details were too much time to explain and I did not feel it was necessary to spend time explaining them to the audience.  In the end, there was too much unnecessary and gratuitous detail. Too much of the movie was a chase scene, too much was done for a particular story line, too many subplots, too little was revealed to the director.  I did like the "bond" between Dyan Cannon and Matt Damon. I thought that was interesting but was not really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off with a bang bang bang in the beginning and the rest is just about as bad as I could have expected. The special effects are laughable. The characters are wooden and un-sympathetic. The movie is bad and it really has to be one of the worst movies I've seen. It's so bad that it's good to watch. It has a very, very, stupid script that doesn't go anywhere. I'm just glad I did not pay money to see this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is hard to tell whether to laugh at this movie. It's supposed to be a serious, but there's something serious about it that makes you laugh. If you are too serious about your humor, you are serious about the person you are with.  This is the movie that the majority of people will see as their only movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that's bad, bad, terrible and boring...it's so bad, and the acting is so bad that you really can't sit with it...it makes you wanna watch a sequel...  It has bad cinematography, bad plot and bad camera angles, no suspense...  Just the kind that you make when you make a movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste of my life I just watched this film at a local flea market. The people walking around looked like they were having a bad hangover, with some of them even walking around in the middle of the night with a half-lighted flashlight. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is terrible - the acting is terrible, the plot is non-explicit and the story is simply bad. The characters are one-dimensional and there's nothing new. The movie's an insult to all the good TV drama in the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I would have to say that "The General" was an alright film. It is so unbelievably boring and doesn't have the right kind of atmosphere to bring you into the experience of a "real" war. It could be better. The film isn't well directed. It has scenes of the general in the woods surrounded by rebels who seem to have some kind of connection with each other and have a strange fascination for war, that of a man who gets shot in the back and returns from the hospital to find his wife and a fellow soldier who have left him in the hospital and now all of a sudden find themselves in the field dead. They are all shot dead in a strange way. The acting is bad. The music is bad and there are no realistic sound effects.  The plot is stupid and the whole film is terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am an avid reader, I read the book twice a year, even though I've seen it in the cinema. I find the story boring, the characters boring, and the dialogue uninteresting, especially from the lead actor.  This is a very poor movie, and I don't care if I watch it for the acting, but it is very bad.   The film was really awful, and it was probably one of the worst films I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What really bothered me the most in this movie is the way it tried to be a serious horror movie. I really could not believe that such a serious film as this would be made. It's like one of those bad slapstick movies with the soundtrack being so terrible. The special effects are so fake looking that they were comatose and just left me out cold, and I mean cold. I mean seriously cold. The plot was too weak, and not scary enough to be scary. The ending was weak as well, and was so forced that I could take my eyes off the screen. I think this movie will appeal to any fan of amateur horror movies, and really the only people who will like it are the die hard horror fans. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The acting is bad, the script is bad and the director doesn't even have a decent script.  The plot is really not that special, not at all. A couple of days ago, I had my friend ask me, "What's up with this movie, it is really dumb and not worth spending time on." So, after I watched it, I decided not to even watch it again, even.  In the beginning, I was laughing hysterically, like I was on crack. It was just not my cup of tea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like to waste hours of your life on a movie that was made for the hell of it, then this is the movie for you.   It's not even that bad. The movie is bad. I think that you should just leave it off at the beginning, and see a good movie instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen "Night Gallery" (as it was then) in a few films and it wasn't anything bad. "Night gallery" is an incredibly terrible movie. I was watching it because it was "night time" and the acting was bad, the plot was bad and the director was very, very bad. The story was bad as hell, the ending was bad. There were some nice looking, beautiful girls, and it didn't seem to matter, it just made them into some sort of weird fetishistic sex-scenes. There was no real horror in this movie. If you are looking for a good horror movie, go watch "Night of the Demons" instead of "Night club." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first 5 minutes are OK, but I don't recommend this movie unless you are desperate to see a funny movie. I give it a 3 out of 10 because of the very few good scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to say that I saw this film as soon as it came out, and I was disgusted at it. I would have liked to have seen it as soon after it came in stores, but the producers were obviously desperate for any exposure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem is that it's not very original. There are some good movies out there, but this one is just a disappointment.  The acting is bad, and the movie is about the worst kind of movie. The only good things in this movie are the nice soundtrack and the nice looking girl who played the lead role.   This movie is a disappointment, because I didn't like the movie, I didn´t like the script either, I only liked the acting.  I don´t recommend this movie to anybody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea is that an alcoholic is going to get killed by his alcohol abuse or that his wife or girlfriend is going crazy and will do him in if he drinks to excess.  The only thing that was good about the movie was the soundtrack which was the only music I heard throughout the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you thought "The Last Wave" was a bad film with some really good ideas, you're in for a disappointment.  The plot is as predictable as anything I've ever seen.  It's a shame because there's so much wrong with this movie.  I found myself getting bored halfway through.   The film is so bad that I couldn't stop laughing during the entire movie. The acting is bad and the plot is so crappy, that I actually stopped laughing.  This movie is a waste of time and a waste that I wouldn't want to waste any more of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for a college course, and it was pretty terrible. I saw the first 3 minutes of it, but it was way over the top. I guess the director was trying to make a point about the government and corporations, so he tried to make it better. And I guess that's why I ended up really wanting to see it, because I was getting really annoyed by the lack of any plot, and the characters seemed to be so one dimensional, I mean really flat.  If you like watching a movie where the ending is so stupid and stupid, and they try to make this point of, it was probably a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I liked the first movie, and the third one was really terrible.  I would love to say it was the best movie I ever saw... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie for the second time at a local drive-in, and I found it even worse than the first time.  The script was terrible.  In the first movie I was laughing hysterically, and it was funny. In the second, I was actually enjoying the movie. I found myself laughing hysterized, and even crying.   The direction is very fake, very cheap, and just plain terrible. The actors are terrible, the direction is just bad. The camera is very bad.  There are so many unanswered questions, unanswered and unasked that I have lost count of them.  I am shocked that so many people actually liked this movie, I am stunned that I wasted my time. If you like films that are actually good, this is not one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this film, a group of former high school students are lured to a strange and ancient island by a strange witch who gives them visions of a great white whale. The plot is strange and they have to fight a group led by a former high-school classmate, played by Jason Scott Lee.  I have no idea what this movie was trying to portray, and it's clear the director/writer never experienced the ocean before. I give this movie a 1.5/10, but then again, that's my own personal opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really surprised at the very concept of this film.  The concept of a film which is an attempt to create a sequel to an already successful film doesn't really work when the story of the first film is not the same as the original.  What makes this film so much inferior is the fact that it has very little character development. The lead actress, who plays a rich woman who is about to lose everything, has not really been changed by the first movie and her life is not going to be like it was in the first one. The rest of the characters are completely uninspired. The movie is not really about the rich woman or the rich man but about the characters that the rich lady has met in the past.  I really do not understand how this film was made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was bad. It was bad awful. It is bad. There was no real story. There is a real good thing about it. The ending was very disappointing. The special effects are very fake. I don't think the special effects worked for this movie.  I give this movie a 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first movie I have ever seen that I have walked out on, and I have never walked out, I mean really, ever. It's like a bad soap opera, or is it a remake of "Mary Poppins" (which is not even a good movie)?  The movie is badly paced, badly directed, and most of the characters are miscast. It is not funny. It does not seem to be real. It seems like it was made as a parody of "Mannet Over Vannet", with the same cast and plot. The characters are not real people, and it is not realistic. It reminds me of an episode of "The Incredible Mr. Limpet", which had the same kind of cast, and the same plot, and still had the similar atmosphere.  I have seen many films that are not this bad. I think that this movie should be removed from all movies and put into the annals of movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I noticed about this movie is the soundtrack it was composed of. The music is horrible and the acting is poor. The only thing that makes this movie good is the movie is not so bad, it is so bad it's good.  It's like a movie that was just made and is only good because of the soundtrack and the plot. It is not good to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I don't like the whole "furniture" genre. This movie is a piece of art, which I didn't like at all. The direction is bad, the music is bad and the acting is bad. This film should be canceled, the budget should be cut to a reasonable level. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first ten minutes of the movie made me laugh. The rest of the film was dull, and I didn't even laugh once.  This movie was horrible.   The plot was very, very boring, and it was all directed by an Australian guy.  The characters were very stupid, and did not come across with any sense of humour.  I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I just stopped laughing. It's not funny, but there is nothing else to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely badly directed movie. The film is not funny, it is very boring.  The acting is bad, the script is terrible. The sound is not very good, but the film itself is even worse than the script.  I do like the music in this film. I did not enjoy the opening music at all.  This film is so bad that I could take my eyes away from the screen and laugh at it. It's terrible, the characters are un-funny, and I mean they don't act like this in real life! I really could take the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the movie was pretty poor, and the music was pretty crappy and the special effects were OK. The only good thing I saw was the music. The music is OK, the effects were bad and the movie just goes on forever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason that I watched this movie was because it was so terrible.  The acting was horrible, the plot was bad and the direction was bad.  I watched it because I wanted to see how bad it was.  It was not funny, the cinematography was bad, the action was bad as well.  And the whole movie reminded me of a bad, dumb and drugged-out movie that was bad with a bad plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a complete failure. I do not care if it is the worst movie ever made. The only thing I found interesting was the story of the two main characters.  The movie was a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was bad.  The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the jokes are bad. There was no good comedy in this movie, but the movie was a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so terrible and the only thing that kept me watching was the good acting, beautiful cinematography and the good looking people.  It was so bad I was shocked I had to go and see it.  I had never heard of this movie until I saw it when it first came out.  What I had heard of was The Adventures of Pluto Nash which was good. I was expecting a good movie with a lot of laughs, but I was not expecting anything else.  The plot was bad and I found myself not caring about the characters.  There were a lot more special effects in this movie than in The Nash story.  And the whole movie was like a bad Twilight Zone episode.  So this movie really isn't good enough to recommend for a date, but if you see it and decide to watch it, I guess it can still be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had really high hopes for this film, but it was not to be a disappointment, as I watched it. I can't really see how the film could have had a plot, and if I was a person who likes watching bad movies, I would not recommend this one. I don't recommend it, it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts with a very nice looking town. I like the town, but the movie just continues to have me believe it's all just a dream. The plot is predictable and uninteresting. The only real surprise is the appearance of some very promising character.  It seems that the story line is more about the character's life than about the actual events that happened. The acting is terrible. I mean really awful, really really bad.  If you want to see a good film that has good acting and good cinematography, watch "Citizen Kane". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise is an okay movie. A couple of college kids are sitting on the beach when they decide to take a swim. So they start their journey in the water and a weird creature comes their way.  The movie was too long. I gave it a 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film on the festival of the Makhmalbaf in Bollywood and I could not see any reason why I bothered to see it in the theatre. It was terrible and the plot was poor. There is not much comedy or action in it. It is not entertaining and is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no reason why the film was not more widely distributed.  This film was directed by a bunch of 15 year old school kids from Mandy Lake, IL and it looks like they were going to make a film about the Chicago, IL shooting. This is not that I am arguing with the filmmakers, as I am sure that they wanted to make something good. The only thing I can find that was worth watching was the 'narrative' narrative that tells the story in such a poor light that you cant even hear what is being said.  It seems that the producers were trying to present a story that they felt was worthwhile, and in the end they think the best way to do it is to just present the story as if it were happening in a world where nobody had the means to prevent the shootings.   I personally think that this film should have been shown on the local news. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you've seen "The Prodigy" don't watch this movie, its just a waste of time. If you haven't seen it don't even watch it, its an OK movie and it's just a typical bad movie with a bad script, a bad direction and no real story.  The main character is a nerd who has made it big, but then he makes it big again. I really do think the movie is a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a waste of time. I watched it just to see if it was any good, but I did not expect much from this film. I am sure the acting was the worst I have ever seen. The story is a bad one. The cinematography is amateur, the editing is bad and the sound is horrible. I mean come on... the movie is really not that good, its bad and really very cheap.  I really hope the producers get some good ideas to make this a better movie, because I can't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen many bad movies. I found this to be a rather dull and flat piece of film.  There are many mistakes I could have made. The ending was a weak attempt at it. The story has a lot of holes, and it was all because I could not decide whether to believe the beginning or the end.  The acting was bad. The plot has little depth and very poor direction. I was expecting a movie that was good but not that great.  My biggest complaint about this movie is that it was so un-emotional that it didn't work.  It wasn't like the old school 80's teen soap operas, it was like the 80's version of American Pie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was because I like the acting. I really don't understand the acting of the main characters. They all seemed to be having such a hell of a time making the movie, it was really stupid. I mean, this movie is just, really really, really bad. The whole movie was just so, so bad. And the special effects were just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I was a fan of John Carpenter's work, I would say I have to agree with this movie. The movie was terrible. It was so bad I wanted to stop the movie before it could get any worse.  The acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and the story was terrible to watch. The plot is not funny. The directing was bad. The acting was bad, and I am truly surprised it got such a bad reception.  This movie is a prime example of how bad movies can be bad. It shows how a good director can create a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the biggest piece of junk I have ever seen, ever. I'm gonna go with what others have said, the best I can. It's so bad, I could go on for hours about the plot, and still find that I'm being stupid by the sheer awfulness of the movie. If you want to know what's wrong with this movie, just google "the lord of the rings" (I know it's better than that). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this was the worst movie ever. It was a bad film, and the acting was terrible. I was very disappointed with this film.  The plot is weak, the script is bad, the jokes were bad, and there wasn't any suspense.  I was hoping for a great joke, because that was all I got. I'm glad that they ended it because I was so excited to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's not very good but it isn't that bad. There's nothing memorable about it.  The script is awful. I have never read the book so I cannot compare to the characters or the plot.  This movie was bad from the very beginning.   The acting is awful but the movie is bad.  It is really not a good movie. It is not entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is very very disappointing, especially considering the talent involved in the performances. I don't think it was the story, acting or script, it was all the sudden, inconsistent and boring. The main characters are very boring and very wooden, especially the guy playing the lead role, that I thought he was all time boring and boring to the end. The movie could have been a great movie if it wasn't all that bad and boring... I have to admit that I am very surprised to see such talent in a movie, especially when you look at the cast and the script.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful. I've seen bad movie with bad actors, but this movie has no redeeming features whatsoever. The story is completely unbelievable. The acting is awful and the direction is awful, and I mean the special effects are bad.   This is just one of many "Scream" movies. The only redeeming feature is the soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I gave this movie a 1 out of 10 was because I think the plot is very uninteresting and there is no plot. It is very disappointing and boring, and the cast is very one-dimensional. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would be willing to forgive a couple of bad movie makers for the effort. I know this movie is not meant to be taken seriously, but I would say it is not that bad. It is just a dull, boring, predictable mess. It starts off interesting with some nice shots of the Grand Canyon, and then goes on to make us all feel bad about the impending doom of the earth, which, of course, is totally false.  This movie, as I have said, is not worth watching. I gave it a 3 out of 10 simply because of the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure what the movie was about. The first five minutes were funny and I thought the movie would be great. Then the jokes started, but I don't know, there were some good jokes, I think, and the movie turned out to be a big pile of crap.  The movie is so badly directed and directed that I think it would be a good movie if the actors were the same from the movie "Hot Shots".  It's bad, so bad I wanted to stop the movie, but the movie is really bad, and if you like bad movies, you will love this movie.  If you want to see a good laugh, watch the first five or six minutes of this movie, you'll see some funny jokes, and that's the movie you should see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie with my friend and the movie was boring and we were bored too. The plot is not scary. It has too much time in it and the characters are uninspired.  I could see the movie and not care. I am just giving my opinion on the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're hoping to see a good story, this is it. I saw it for the second time on IMDb and my reaction is, "Wow, I thought this was great." I also had the same reaction to the first time around. The film is actually good, but it doesn't come close to the magic of The Lion King. The animation is too jumpy to follow. Also, the characters in the film are too wooden and wooden to be realistic. They're so wooden that they're actually humorous. This is very disappointing, and I would expect that a lot more effort could have gone into it.  The biggest plus I can say is that the songs are kinda good. The animals are cute, and the songs and sound effects are very forgettable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story was bad enough to drag me to my video camera. The characters were predictable. There was nothing fresh or interesting to say the whole movie. The director has no imagination.  I could of done more if he took a more creative and intelligent approach. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's so bad, I think the people who gave it a 10 would be a lot happier to know that their movie was so bad.  This movie is just terrible, and I can't even believe how bad it is. I mean, how could a guy who's done so much research about this movie, and come up with this movie? I mean... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot is a joke, the humor is corny and the direction is amateur.  The movie has several points that I found funny. One is the acting. I found the movie to be extremely unfunny. I mean come on. The other is the plot. The whole movie is a mess.  I am really looking for something to say about this movie. I was really looking forward to it the whole time.  This movie is the only movie that I have watched that is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the words of one reviewer: "It was a really bad film." It is a really big pile of crap! The acting is really bad, the plot is really crappy and I mean, a really, really bad script! I think the whole movie was a let down and that's really, the only words I can think of to describe this movie are "fame" and "comedy"!!! Oh, and the ending... it was just a big joke. I mean really bad. It was really, REALLY dumb. I really mean, the ending, the first 15 minutes... I mean the whole thing... I don't know how I felt about it! I felt like I was watching a really really bad version of "Grosse Pointe" (yes, that's a word, right?....no, it is not, but I didn't know it was coming, so I don;t know, right or wrong). This movie was an insult to my intelligence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A small boy's life is turned upside down when he discovers a mysterious ring that grants him immense powers. He is then plagued by visions of an evil force that will one day take over the world. In the end, he has to fight against an evil demonic force.  This movie is not good. The acting is bad. The script is bad as well. I was disgusted with the way the movie was filmed. The special effects are bad. I am not happy with the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think that this movie had very little to do with real life. It had some good humor and a decent plot and I think it got the point across. This is a movie that is so bad I actually gave up after watching it.  The actors were bad. They didn't really act. There were a few good lines and some good lines. I don't know how many of them actually got a paycheck for this movie.   I give this a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story goes something like this. A meteor falls to earth and wipes out all life on earth except for a small group of survivors, who are trapped in the rubble of the meteor. One woman is found to be carrying around a piece of a strange metal plate. She tries to keep it together, and it eventually explodes in her hand.  The movie just goes on without a story and the movie is not interesting. It just goes off the rails in a few seconds and just ends up as a failed attempt at a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who is very active on IMDb (I have to keep up with a lot of IMDb users), I'm glad that a great movie like this wasn't made in the first place.  The plot is very very stupid and I don't understand how it made it out. I thought the ending was a bit strange and I really wanted to go to see the movie again to see how it was supposed to end.   The acting was very bad and I think the director/star was trying to make it look real and the whole movie reminded me of a bad horror movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that is made for people to get bored. I think this movie should be watched in a class, not in a cinema, because it is just stupid.  This movie is a big waste of time, I mean I watched it on a rainy day, but I guess it should not have been.   I am a big movie critic, so I watched the whole movie. It was a shame the cast did not a good job, the story is weak, and the acting was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film with my wife. We saw a few minutes of it, but all of the rest of it was dull and empty.  The plot was weak, the acting was bad, and the ending was just plain awful.   The movie was not interesting at all, and nothing special happened.  It should have stayed on the television channel. The acting was not funny at all.  I would have rather have watched a few movies about the real world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story, written by David Mamet, is one of the worst movies I've ever seen. The whole thing is just a waste of time. The actors are terrible. I'm sorry, I'm really am. This is one bad movie, I hate to admit.  If you like to watch a lot of action, you will like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think this is one of the worst movies ever made, and it's the only one I have ever seen.   I'm not even going to comment anymore, because I already know what people will say about this movie: I don't know. It's horrible, the acting is terrible.  And the special effects are really, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie thinking I was going to enjoy it. I came across a few interesting comments and I thought that would be the highlight of the movie. Well I was proved wrong. It starts off good and has a nice plot but the rest of the film is so very much crap. I found myself wanting to fast forward and wanted to stop watching.  I found the ending to be kind of cheesy. It reminded me of "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" which is about a snail who has an intellect higher than a snail's and is able to kill all of his prey. It was kind of silly and I think I would like to think that I could enjoy a good movie.  My rate: 0 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a fan of The Secret Diary, but i do like the movie because it is very predictable. It's not so much a comedy as a comedy. I know, the movie is supposed to be a satire of a true story, but it fails because the story is not true.  This movie is not funny because the movie was so very bad.   The movie was pretty bad. The movie is a waste of my time. I have never laughed so hard at a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It is not often that I watch films with an audience and try to make them laugh. However, I do sometimes try to do so. There is something in the middle of the screen that is constantly irritating me. When this happens, I cannot see what is supposed to be funny.   As a matter of fact, I am actually not a big fan of Richard Brooks' work. The movie "A Chorus Line" is one of his worst movies and it is absolutely dreadful to watch it.  The thing that bothered me the most was the way the plot evolved from the first scenes. In the first scene the whole concept is simply ridiculous, yet when the first half hour starts, it completely fails to live up to the promise.  In the second half, things start to get more serious. This time, I was completely confused and not able to enjoy it anymore. The acting is very poor and the plot is not developed at all.  So basically, the whole thing turns into a big pile of crap and Richard Brooks is still making it look good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is the same. It was so bad it was good. The acting was bad. The movie wasn't funny. The script was bad and the characters were not funny. I could go on and on and tell you the same stories about the same people, with the same jokes. The only thing that made it funny was the music. I was waiting for the ending of the movie to happen because I was so bored with the stupid jokes.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. I don't think I have to write this comment for the same reason as "The Cat and the Canary". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's no wonder that this movie is so bad that it has made me feel like I have to write a complete review. It's really not bad, it's bad. The movie was boring, the characters not interesting, and the plot was non-existant. The only thing that made me laugh is the very end credits when the movie ended. That made me want to throw up. It made me wonder why the people who made this movie thought that this was good. It would have been an interesting film if the movie had a plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it's hard to understand. There is no real story, no real meaning, and no real point.  The only thing that was really good was the music and the sound effects, which were pretty good.  If you want to see a good movie with good music, and good sound, watch this one instead of The Prodigy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as i liked the movie, i did not really like the movie. i don't know why it was not in the top 100? It seemed like a really bad film, that is why i only saw it in the middle of the movie (before or during). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had some good laughs and a good plot, so I decided to give it a shot.  The only real problem with the movie was that it looked so fake and fake.  I was actually mad when I saw the movie and was laughing hysterically all the time, so if you are too weak to be scared then this movie will probably be the best.  If you are able to laugh at a very slow pace, like most people here, then this is for you.   If the movie is so bad, you might as well skip it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is predictable.  The characters are so wooden, it is like watching an episode of a TV show.  I think the movie could have been more entertaining.   The acting is awful.  Please, don't waste your time on this movie, you are wasting your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the Tribeca Film Festival and I watched it twice - I mean the second time was just so bad, I thought it was the same story, only better.  It was really disappointing to see a good story, that good, funny and pretty sad, without a funny script.  I laughed, I was angry, and I was sad.  This movie was not good at all, but at the end of the day it was not a very bad movie, the good performances were pretty good, the actors were good.  Overall, I did not laugh, I don't think it was because of the script or because of great performances from the actors, the scene with the Indian music was pretty funny and the ending was not bad, but the overall movie was good and I guess I would recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If I were to make a list of the worst movies ever I have seen it would look like this.   The only thing that was good was the ending. It was so unbelievable. I mean, what was the point of this movie? The ending sucked, and it didn't make sense. It just ended, and then there was no payoff at the end of the movie. I just wished they had put the ending on a DVD and given it to me so I could watch it, I mean I would have to pay for it.  I watched the ending about 3 times and still have nightmares about it. It's one of those movies where you can go anywhere and do anything and people just watch.  My advice is don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just an average movie with nothing to save it, the script is all-out bad and the acting is terrible.  The good guys are all pretty good, except for the good guy who comes across as really good.  I found myself wanting to fast forward through a lot of the scenes, especially the scene where the doctor comes in and gives his speech. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is about the discovery of a strange meteor, an event that will have repercussions for the entire human race.  The movie has many, many absurd moments, and when one comes across an absurd one, I know it's going to be bad.  There are a few funny moments, such as when the meteor hits a hotel or a school, or a plane crash, or the discovery that it is a meteor, but they're all the same.   There is a good scene where a meteor is discovered, and everyone is scared and running around screaming.  A very poor effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is unfortunate that the director didn't realise that he had made a bad film. He was at the time that this came out and then got really annoyed when people said that it was so much better than the other movie he had done. He tried to play off the chemistry between the main characters by introducing a lot of unnecessary scenes to them, but in the end he comes across as very much like a teenager trying to act like a mature actor, which is a pity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen it all. The plot, acting, directing, editing, and it's just plain boring...  It's sad when you have a director who can't decide if he wants to make a good film or not. The story is weak, the cinematography is poor, the direction is terrible.  I have no idea how I could like this. I just saw it and I'm not sure why I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so unbelievably bad, I am seriously scared for my kids right now. They are so young, they are so stupid. This movie was so bad I gave it a 1 just because of the acting. The only good part was that it was so unbelievably painful. The story is bad, the sound is terrible. This was the WORST movie I have ever seen in my life. The people who made it, and the people who financed it, are soooooooo crazy. I mean really, really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am an a fan of B movies but this is a bad rip-off of The Shop Around the Corner. I am not a big fan of movies that were made in the 50's. I don't understand why they are still so popular.  The movie starts out at about the beginning of the sixties with a group of four young people, including a young woman and her two teenage friends (the girls were so dumb they didn't even recognize the other girls) who were having an anti-war meeting.  There were four women in the group and they were all a little more than 15. There were no women over 15 at the meeting. The movie was full of unnecessary and boring scenes that were not interesting in the least.  I could have been more entertained with the first 20 minutes of the movie. I was more interested in the first 15 minutes of The Big Redneck, but once I got into The Shop, I was totally lost in a sea of boring and clichéd. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is a sequel to the original, it will certainly be duller and less intense than the first one. It will certainly not be as entertaining as the first, but will not at least be dull and lifeless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who is not a big Luke Wood fan, I have to agree with you, I think the director should have been given some homework on how NOT to direct a movie and not have wasted time and money on this one. The story and the directing was just plain uninteresting.  The plot is the same old crap, nothing new, nothing well the same with the last sequel.  This is not really a good movie, it is not funny, has a bad script, and the acting was all bad, the plot was boring and I could care less.  I give it 3 out of 10, the rest are 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a film that really doesn't deserve to be watched. This film is a complete waste of time. I saw it as an offer from the producers to the public, but i really didn't expect much. It was really a bad film. The plot is horrible. The acting was bad. The script was bad, and the movie was really very bad. There are so many sub-plots, it was hard to see them all. And the ending...it just...ends. The movie should have ended with a few more laughs than I had. I would suggest people to watch the original movie, and not waste their time watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie begins at a bar in a small village and as soon as a drunk on the sidewalk begins to chant, the movie is over. The movie is poorly directed, badly acted and the only good thing I can say about the movie was seeing an old man in a karate suit kicking the s**t out of some homeless person. That's it.  The only good movie I saw was "Karate Kid" and I really don't know why. Maybe I just didn't like the movie, but I think I would have given it a high rating if I did. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only good comment I can say that i can come up with to explain this movie is how awful it is.  If you were to ask me to rate it, I would say 'a' or 'b' but I don't think I can come close to describing this film.  I know what is supposed to be 'the only good thing in this movie was the end credits'. The end credits were nothing more than a cheap rip-off of the 'thank you very much' and the 'i have to say this is the worst i have ever seen' ending credits from the original film. The only thing that i liked about the film was the'spookiest' part in the entire movie. I thought the'making of' was so very, very fake that it was not scary at all and was extremely cheesy.  Overall, this movie wasn't even scary and i would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am surprised me when I saw this film. It is the worst piece of crap I have ever seen. It was terrible. The acting was terrible and I would have given this film a 2 if I could. I did not laugh once. I think this is the movie for those who do not do much of anything. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you're like me and like watching the same movie again and again, watch this movie. It's the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is interesting to see what effect this show has on the audience. In the first place, the plot is silly. In my opinion, the characters are all one-dimensional and all they do is show off their ridiculousness.  The plot is completely un-intelligent. There are scenes that are so cheesy I could not sit through it.   The direction is very bad. The direction just does not work.  I guess I could take my money and give it a shot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that could have made this movie a fun movie would be if the director had actually taken the time to create a decent plot line for the movie, and made the actors think. If you look at this movie and think, wow! A movie made in a few days in the desert, with nothing special, nothing special at all, with no special effects, and no special camera work, well then I'll give you an idea of how they made it.  The movie is like a really bad film that was made in the 90's. It's just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when I was younger and it was the second movie I saw of the movie. It was disgusting, I can't believe I wasted 2 hours of my life watching it.  If you are a serious movie-watcher, don't waste your time. If you want to see a good movie, don'cha watch TV-Shop for 10 Days.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is possibly the worst film I've seen. I've read the other comments before seeing this one, and they are all true. The plot is not funny at all, the acting is bad, and I can't recommend this movie to anyone except for the person who is really bored. I can give this movie a score of zero because I've given it a zero for the entire movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you have the time to see this movie... then do not waste your time...  The script is so weak, the acting is bad, and the plot is so bad, that I wonder how this movie got so low rating...  I think this movie is a complete failure, and I truly hope that it gets the lowest rating because of the sheer stupidity of the script... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that has nothing to save. It's really that bad movie. The actors, the script, the dialog, and everything are bad. The movie is boring and uninteresting.  The only good thing I can say about this movie is that it does not follow the plot of the other two bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing about this movie is the soundtrack. In addition to the terrible soundtrack (that's all), the plot is so weak and lacks any kind of real excitement that I gave the movie a 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of those "art"-movie hybrids that the film's producers obviously don't understand. But the thing is, I don't. I understand art movies at all, and this was just a typical art-movie ripoff. I watched it because I am in the middle of a massive depression and I am getting all kinds of mail from the government.  This is one film that I would call "art" since there is no real plot, the camera is in the dark and the music is awful. The only thing that was enjoyable was the ending, which was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a sucker for any movie, even a good movie. The only thing that made me dislike this movie was the cast of the main characters. They are the only people that have believable motivation for this movie.  The acting was pretty good and there is no way that the actors are able to act, even if they wanted to. The main characters in this movie are all a bunch of self-absorbed, over-dramatic people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't understand how the actors can get such poor performances from such talented and talented people. It is a waste of time to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this film, as I am not a huge fan of horror films, but I found it absolutely ridiculous and unbelievable. The story, which I think was written by the director himself, is not scary, and the acting was terrible, and there was not a single funny or interesting scene.  The plot is just that - stupid. This movie could have been so much better if the director could not read the script and understood it. I think the director should read a good book about the real-life situation of a mother who kills her daughter-in-law, instead of this piece of crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that struck me about the film is the sound quality. I'm normally very interested in hearing film sound quality, but I had to get this film. It is not just the sound, it is the film. The script is, I will admit, pretty bad, and the cinematography is, in my opinion, the worst ever filmed.  The film is bad, the story is bad.  My biggest criticism is that the film was very, very silly. I think the director/writer could have pulled off a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie like this is not good, but it does have the virtue of a good story line.  The movie tells the story of a disgraced cop, Tim Robbins, and his relationship with Robbins' girlfriend Brooke. They're planning on robbing a bank together. But when the bank is robbed, Tim is forced to rob himself in order to get back his ill-gotten loot.  It's very sad and just terrible. The plot is weak, and the ending is completely ridiculous. It's not even a movie, it's a collection of clips from the other films in the same vein as the "Buckaroo Bonzai" and "Boogie Nights."  If you enjoy low budget movies, and are looking for something that has a good plot, watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought this DVD on eBay a couple of weeks ago for 50 cents (that's worth $3.50). I had to get this movie from a friend, and he got me a discount.  I've seen "Shark Skin" on television many times in the past. I never knew the name of this movie. It was a black comedy that was bad enough. It had a ridiculous premise. You know, the great guy who's gonna go to jail for a year for "resisting justice" because he has a skin fetish has the skin of a walrus. He's not a "Walrus-man-in-the-dark" (that kind of movie is much better than this). He's a "Skin-dancer" (the kind of skin fetish movie that doesn't make much sense).  The premise is stupid, and the rest of the movie is dumb.  My friend has the DVD of this bad movie, and we sat down and watched it all. It's dumb. If you like to watch a stupid movie that isn't dumb, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to make this movie, I watched some videos and thought that it was pretty good. After about 40 minutes of watching, I realized that I am not really paying attention to any of the characters and their conversations. All of the actors are bad and the movie is boring and boring. The only thing that made this movie worth watching was the acting. The director should not have been allowed to make a movie that was so terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like this movie and I can't believe how bad it cost me. I can only assume the writer saw the same thing as he wrote the novel and just decided to remake it into a movie that he could make money on. This movie has nothing to offer the audience. The movie starts off good and then just goes on to make you hate it and the movie itself.  The characters are not all that likable and in the end you can't even enjoy the movie, as it ends up being a bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is boring, the acting is bad, the directing is bad...  The music is horrible, the plot is bad and the acting...  It just goes to show that a talented director and a talented writer can make a great horror movie.  I was really surprised with this movie, because it looked really interesting at first, because the only thing that made me feel scared was the soundtrack.   If you like the good old days, I recommend not to watch this movie. It's boring, predictable, boring and really really nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of those movies that should never have been made. It is badly directed, and badly acted, and has nothing special to recommend it, except for the very end. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should be withdrawn from the list of movies that should be removed from the IMDb.com's Movie section. The only good part of the movie is the cameo appearance by Robert Downey Jr.  As a whole, this is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the third time and it was very disappointing. The acting was awful. The characters were not well developed. The plot was poor. The ending was bad. I could even finish watching it. I don't recommend this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It was not too long after I finished this movie, but I wanted to see the next episode. I was not disappointed.  I went to see this movie for the third time in a row, and I still went to the bathroom and left before the movie ended.  The plot was the same as the previous two. There was not much of anything new to say, and there was not any great acting either.  There is no suspense, the movie was not confusing, and the story is weak. The movie reminded me of one of the episodes of "Family Guy".   So, the only thing that was not good was that the movie is very predictable and doesn't go in to a lot of details about what happened to the characters, but still left a lot to be desired.  Don't go for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been a long time since my last viewing of "Troll 2", and I'm still waiting for it to finally come to an end, because I can't wait for this movie to come out on DVD. This was the first film that I have seen that is actually enjoyable. I would like to be able to watch it once with all of the characters and have it end at the credits so that I can at least have a good laugh after seeing it. And I don't think that anyone could have created such an uninteresting film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main idea of this film was to create a masterpiece about a man who comes home from work to find a woman having fun with a dog. But that was not to be.  This film starts out with a few chuckles, the acting is not great, the script is predictable and boring, but there are some moments that are very, very fake, not at all.  In the end, after the dog is killed, you will have a few laughs because of how much you will miss the main plot line. The ending is not the least bit funny.  The only good part was the music. The song played during the beginning was so intrusive and badly played, you had to listen to it for a few minutes to realise how bad it was.   I'm surprised that this film has not been removed from the DVD library. It is absolutely awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most awful movie I have ever seen. It is a waste of time and I have to see it to be able to write this review. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are three reasons to watch this movie, the most obvious is for laughs. It is a bad, boring, poorly written and directed movie that is devoid of any real punchlines. The actors are not funny, but the movie is not funny. The movie is a failure on every level, the acting is bad, the script is not interesting and the movie just does not work.   The film is also a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the story of two doctors, Dr. David Hal and his son, Dr Peter Hal. They have two sons, Dr David Hal (Jack) and Dr. Peter (Simon), and they have a son who is the perfect son for the job of their parents. The only son who fits in is Jack. But when Jack is sent home to live with his family, he discovers that his parents are both dead, and that his brothers are also gone. This is not the beginning of a tragedy, but just the beginning.  The whole film is just a pile of nothing. The movie is filled with unnecessary plot points. The actors act in the worst possible way, and the movie is just terrible. The plot is bad, the direction is terrible. There is no real plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie is really bad. It's bad, bad. The movie's not funny, but there is a lot of bad acting and the movie is boring. I mean, there is no real funny part of the movie, except for the parts where they make jokes about how awful they can't act.  I would have really liked the movie if it was about the other characters in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very weak movie about an old woman, a woman with a severe case of CP as a result of overwork and lifestyle changes, meets a man, a man who seems to have no time for life. The movie is filled with clichés. The story is about how this woman, who had never been on vacation, suddenly finds herself pregnant. The film is filled in clichés and the movie just follows them.  The acting is awful. The acting has no life, the script is terrible and the story is a failure on every level.   I found the movie a very slow and pointless effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just about the worst movie I have ever seen. I watched it and after half an hour I was thinking "I've never seen such a bad horror film." It wasn't scary at all!   If you want to watch a good horror movie, watch "The Hills Have Eyes," instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the first episode, it's all okay. The show is called "Bond," and the acting is horrible. But then, it becomes clear that the writers of the show are no longer interested in the story at all. They're just making the show up for the money and are using this show to try and cash in on it.  I saw this show, and it's really not funny. The acting is bad, the writing is bad and the show is bad.  If you're hoping for a funny comedy show, watch "A Christmas Together." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was looking for a good thriller, but this is what I got.  I'm a huge sci-fi/fantasy/horror fan, but if I can't appreciate this movie I'm going to be very disappointed.  So I sat down to watch this and it turned out to be the worst horror film ever.  A couple of good actors, and the rest of them should have given up on the role of the film's main hero.   The movie starts out well enough, the story is interesting, but after a few minutes the plot gets complicated and becomes a nightmare.  The characters are mostly caricatures of famous horror directors, who have either died or changed their name.  This movie is a real shame, since there are really good actors in this movie and they look really good.  As a film it is badly shot, the camera is shaky and everything looks very cheap.  If you like Sci-fi and want a good, Sci-Fi-movie, you will probably like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What we get here is an incoherent, boring, and ultimately un-funny movie.   The story is bad. The jokes are bad.  The movie is bad acting, bad story, and un-real funny.  You might be thinking "OK, this is funny, but it's still a bad comedy," but if you're a true-funniest fan, then you're going to have a bad time.  I'm gonna give this movie a shot, and then I'll make a comment to defend the movie. If you're still awake by the end of this movie, then I pity you, but don't expect much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie because the cast was decent and the story was good. It was not because I like watching crappy movies, it was because I thought the ending was predictable and predictable. This movie is like a trainwreck. The ending is the most predictable and one of the worst I have ever seen. It will ruin you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to rent this movie to get some entertainment and was very annoyed by the plot and characters. I mean, you can't come up with something like this:  1) A movie about the life of a high school senior. The movie is, well, boring and is nothing special, so I gave it a 2 instead of the 1 or 2 it really deserved.  2) A guy who is going to lose his virginity. The main character is a virgin and has no time for feelings or anything. The characters are so idiotic that you can see the people in the movie as acting like the movie's friends.  3) A high school teacher. Well, I think I would rather watch a rerun of "A Christmas Carol" than waste any more time watching this.  4) A man who is obsessed with his feelings of loneliness and isolation. Well if you really think about it, that's pretty much all you need.  5) A person who is being beaten up. Well he beats his girlfriend and she gets beaten up too. That's the end.  6) A kid who is a "dumb kid" and behaves like an idiot.  7) A woman who is really in love with a guy. Oh yeah, she has to be in love.   8) A teenager who is getting beat up by his parents and has a girlfriend. And she's got this girlfriend for the sake of a movie.  9) A drunk guy who wants to drink. Well then I guess he's going to drink some beer.  10) A "freak" man who beats his parents. Well that's a freak.  11) A loser who thinks he's acting in the most exciting and disgusting movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of the movie is "Porno Vannet", and it is an interesting choice.  "Pneumonic plague" is a deadly disease spread by fleas. This film is an extremely painful experience for a human to watch. It is extremely painful to watch, and the whole movie is nothing more than a waste of time.  It is very difficult to see how this movie was able to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw the movie for the first time and I could not believe what I saw. The acting was terrible, the story is bad and the characters are all over the place. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a movie, it has all the clichés. The story is about a group of students who are part of a class on witchcraft who are taught to read about the occult and have to write their own experiences. In the first half of the movie the characters are completely boring and it seems to be some kind of class assignment, like some form of homework or something. The plot is very cliched and the movie is very badly directed. The acting is bad, the script is not interesting at all and the whole movie is badly shot. The only good thing is the good performances of the lead actress, which is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I know about this movie? The only reason to watch this movie was for the soundtrack, which I'm not going to spoil. The plot is predictable, and the characters are so one dimensional and one dimensional that I nearly fell asleep.  I mean, come on, the movie was so bad, and it wasn't even funny! If you like the movie, then don't watch it. If you don't, then you're just a hater. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like one of those TV show where the main character is played by an actor that just got out of jail. They give him a gun and then he shoots all the people in the movie except the police officers, who all get killed by this.    I can't recommend this movie to anyone, it's not funny and very very stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film starts of with a pretty good idea. There are a lot of really good ideas here, and it gets a little silly and a little over the top at times. The acting is OK, there's some good shots, and the film is fairly forgettable. The plot is weak, there are too many clichés. The music is mediocre, the cinematography is average, the characters are not too interesting, and this is really the only film I have seen that didn't deserve a rating.  I don't think I will recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember watching this movie when I was about 4 years old, and it is really the only movie I ever watched. The plot is stupid and I just hope that the director and/or producer gets some decent help in this movie.  I have seen so many bad movies, I have watched so many dumb ones...I would like to have a nice one, like the other one with Kevin Kline.  This movie is just horrible, and I really believe it should be banned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a result of the above review, I have seen two bad movies and one bad horror film. One is the Nightmare series, which I have loved, but I have not seen anything since. So I went into this film thinking it was going to be another The Burning or the Ring. So what I found was a boring movie with bad acting, bad music, bad script, and bad direction.  I have never been more frightened in a horror film, and I have to say this film had none of that. The actors are all bad and the script is worse than the script.  Don't waste your time watching this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is just the kind of film that you would expect from a major Hollywood studio.  If you are a student of film, this is a waste of time and money.  I am actually amazed that such a film was made, since no-one had seen this kind of films before.  There is absolutely no way this film made it to Sundance.  Please spare yourself from this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me start by expressing my disappointment in seeing a movie as poor as this one. I am a HUGE Megapig fan and love my Megapigs, and was so happy with this movie, that I was actually in tears. I thought the plot was so stupid and not believable, that it was really disappointing. The acting was horrible, the writing was so poor, and the plot, the direction, and everything else was awful. I would like to see some good movies from the guys who made this movie. I was really disgusted with this film, I want my money back! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an early version of this, the script is changed to make the main character of the film, "The Father" an adult, the director changed to "The Director" and changed the name of the mother of the two children to "Susan". The story is then changed to suit the director's wishes.  The end result is a bad, dull film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're like me, you'll be entertained by the fact that there are some really good movies, and some really bad ones. This movie is just a bad one. The movie is bad, and the movie is boring. The acting is bad. The plot is boring, and there is no real thrill to be had. The script is bad and the directing is bad (and I loved the idea of the movie). I think I'll stick with the good, funny, fun movie, and forget I ever watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First let me say that i like some really bad movies and am quite a big Ramones fan, i just saw "The Dead Zone" a few days ago and i absolutely hated it. it was just a stupid, cliché plot with bad acting and a terrible script.  This movie was just plain bad. it really doesn't take place in the real world, there are just too many unbelievable things going on and not enough that you know.  There are a lot of things that are so ridiculously you really can't believe them, i give 2 out of 10 because of the number of movies that i have seen that don't take a second place.    I hope that this movie is in the future, because of all the crazy people who don't know what they are watching, i mean just really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film about 9 years ago when I was a student. I'm now 29 and have a serious case of C.R.E. that I have to watch every few days to stay a little entertained.  I was so bored and confused by the whole film that I fell asleep at the screen. I had to fast forward through about 90 minutes and then I started to get up to turn it off.  This movie is not very good. The acting is horrible, the script is horrible and the special effects are pretty bad.  The only thing that made this film worth watching was the first 10 minutes. The film is not worth watching any more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so glad that this film was a waste of my time.   What was the point of it all? The film was just a collection of clips from various TV and radio shows.  It is not even a "documentary" but a collection piece.  If the "document" were to be real, i would never be able to watch it because the editing would be poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is so bad, you could say that this movie is a 'Halloween' and it is, in that regard, not very scary, since there is nothing scary in it. The music is bad, the voices are all un-solved and there is no suspense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this movie. It wasn't really funny. The acting was horrible. I found myself laughing at the actors' reactions and I found that I was annoyed by the whole movie. I was wondering why was it so bad.  I was surprised at the end. It seemed like a pretty dumb movie.  If you are hoping for something good to happen, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical movie. The story is not interesting at all and the ending is not even that bad.   The movie was very badly made and was boring, the acting was terrible and the story was all together stupid.  The ending is stupid. It is so very, it was unbelievable. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad film. Nothing happens. There is no character development, very little acting and very boring story. No wonder why I didn't like it as I have come to expect from all the hype.  All I like is that it wasn't bad enough.  I really hope that there are a lot of people who have seen this film who are going to write a lot about it, but don't.  The only thing that really bothered me about this movie was the music. The soundtrack is so irritating that I am almost willing to listen to it. The music is so bad that it is almost annoying. The songs are so lame, the jokes are so poor and the script is so tacked on that you can't even take it seriously.  My biggest problem with this movie is the ending. It was just a bad joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I liked the acting of the lead actress, even though she's good, she's not really good.  Second, I like the idea of making the movie in a day, when I could have done much better, but it was way too rushed. It could have been done much quicker and much better.  Also, I think the director ruined it for me, I really do. I mean, this is not how a movie should be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this film with a group of high school students on a field trip to a nature preserve when it started. One of the girls said something like "if this was in my neighborhood, I'd be out for it, too!" I can't believe I just spent an hour and a half of my life looking at the screen thinking that she said that. I know, it's strange and I love the idea of having a nature walk, but this movie was horrible. I mean, this was so terrible that it was good, I gave up and said "let's go home!" I mean come on, how could you take a movie that was so bad and not give up? The other students left their field trip halfway through, and I bet I was the only one who actually left. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is no reason for this movie. There are some funny moments, but they are so few and far between, you wonder why this movie even bothered to include them. I am a bit amazed that it is not in the same category as "B" Horror films, "Scream" and "Saw" and is simply an uninteresting, boring and un-funny movie. The characters are so wooden that you are really not able to understand them. The script is horrible and the acting is so bad, you have to wonder why I wasted my time with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really the worst horror movie i've ever seen. I'm really surprised that it actually made it to the theaters. I really didn't laugh once at this movie... I think this movie is so bad that it's good... i mean, i laughed a few times, it was pretty funny and i couldn't take my eyes off the screen... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad and the plot is very poor. This movie is nothing more than a poorly made "Wanna be a real hero" film. The special effects are laughable. The characters are stupid. I mean, this is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am going to be as hard as possible to critique this movie and so far, I haven't seen anything in it that I can even call a spoiler. So, the only comment I can give for this movie is that it was boring.  The acting was poor. The plot was boring and had no real life, except for a few moments. The ending was bad.  It is really not that bad at all, the script is bad and the director has made the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about a woman (Dillon) who falls in love with a guy (Watson) and she becomes a living hell for him and a lot of other people, including a woman he is having an affair with. He is forced to live on land he owns and try to survive as he tries to keep his family and other people happy.  This movie has been out for weeks and I am sick of seeing people talk about it on this site. I know it is a horrible movie and I have to write it for the hell of it.  It is not funny and is not even depressing. It is a pathetic movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The main problem I have with this movie is the fact that it isn't in English.  It is just too bad, and that is probably the reason why it was so terrible.  The fact that this movie was made for a Canadian audience is just a big fat spoiler. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole concept of this movie is a disaster. This is a movie about a couple of teenagers that are friends. They play a game on the computer and they're in a basement, and they keep on making it. It is a bad idea.  I mean, I don't see how this movie works at all. It's not entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A film that is made with bad actors and a script that makes you believe it is a documentary is the kind of film that should not be made.  The director should have to be condemned to death for making this sort of film, and his career should be destroyed for his pathetic and unbelievable failure to even try to show this film.  I can't believe the filmmaker tried to show the audience how the world really is, and he should be wiped off the face of the planet for his poor performance. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a HUGE B5 movie fan. This movie is the WORST movie I've ever seen. The story is weak and the special effects is bad.  The only good thing is the music in the movie. If there is one song in the whole movie that doesn't sound like a B5 song I'm shocked.  This movie really needs to be removed from the IMDb rating system. This has to be one of the worst movies I've seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen it all, and I must confess that I'm the only one who saw the whole thing.  If you like to see a lot of pointless action, and a lot bloody deaths, then watch this.  I think that this film could have taken place in the old "Friday The 13th" territory, as far as the gore and violence goes.  The acting is horrible, the script is horrible and there is absolutely nothing even remotely entertaining.  What makes it even worse is the way it is directed. I've seen movies that are more entertaining than this. There are some really scary movies that don't take place in a campy atmosphere, and they don't entertain as much.  Overall I'm glad that this didn't get the 5.5/10 that it deserved, as this was really disappointing.    3/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad I thought I was watching a documentary on the first nuclear holocaust.  There is not a single real or meaningful documentary of the holocaust that can be found on the holodeck in TNG. The only one I have seen is the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Time Squared"  In this movie a group of people who were caught up in the holodrome are now living in the real world.  This group has not only a holodeek but a city in the city.  In the holed up area there is a huge tree that has a real trunk.  If you do not believe this movie is not about the holos, then you have to be either a huge fan of Trekkies or a fan of Hitler.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a student in the field of Cinema and i am not particularly interested in seeing films like this, I am more interested in the people who made the film and the people they are associated with, like I said the director of this film is very bad at taking off the scenes when the camera is not pointed in the right direction and the soundtrack is poor, this film has no real story, very fake and just no real effort to portray the real world and it is not funny and it should not have been made.  I would have really liked to see a bit more of the real life of the girls involved in this film. The actors are all good but it is still not easy to believe that this was really made, there were some real issues with this film but it could have been a lot better had it been made in the real time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A total waste.   The acting is poor, the story is bad, and I cannot understand why this movie was never released.  My friend insisted on seeing the sequel, and although he was right, I am still not convinced.  I am also wondering why it was that much of the original film is about a girl's life at school, and about a boy's life in the village. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had a pretty good plot. Basically, it was about a group of women that gather together and have a big sleepover together. This group of misfits ends up in the hospital when a group (of misfits) decides to have sex in a strange place. So far, the movie is good. But there's not much to it. The movie is so much a collection of bad acting, that you can hardly believe the movie even had a plot. I guess if you like to watch a movie that makes fun of people (and their parents) having a good time and you like bad acting like this movie, you will like the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a film festival, and I must say that it was a complete bore. The acting was terrible, the cinematography was terrible. I mean, how could a movie with this much content make such poor decisions? I mean really, I think I could have come up with something better to show to the audience than this piece of crap.  This movie is not even bad in the beginning, and the movie's ending was not really close to the truth. The script is terrible, and this movie could have really been better.  The only good thing that I could say about this movie was the music. I am sad to see my favorite band, even in their prime, has a song in their song called "Toxic Waste". This is a really bad movie, with bad acting and bad cinematography. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. The actors, especially the young kids, have all played a role in a film that really shows that there is no real way to make a movie. The plot is stupid and not interesting. The music is bad and the movie is awful.  I mean, if you have the talent to waste your time watching this movie, I would suggest you leave it on the shelf at your local library. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why people see this movie as a feminist piece, but I think it's a very sad movie, and very poorly directed. The film's title is a very silly title that doesn't mean much. The movie is like a bad version of The Mother. I don  as I have to say, but the movie is very very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is an awful movie that is bad. It is horrible.   There is no suspense. No action. No real plot.  The movie is bad, bad, just bad. The acting is bad in a good way.  I give this movie a 1 because of the good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do you call a movie that's not interesting, or a movie with no story line?  That's the kind of movie that should never have happened.  I found the ending interesting, so I kept my expectations low. I had high hopes for the movie, but they were higher than the movie actually was.  The ending was a disappointment. It felt like an unfinished movie, and it looked like one.   There was a lot of bad acting. I really didn't care about the acting at all, except for one of the characters in the movie.  So if you are hoping for a good movie, go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was not the worst movie I've ever seen. I watched the movie to get to the ending.  It had a pretty good plot and was very very predictable.  The movie was like watching a bad soap, except that instead of soap, I had a movie that was just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a film-goer I found the premise to be very stupid. A guy with a gun and a good will is the main hero in a crime-comedy. He meets a girl who seems to have a history with the guy who committed the crimes in the past and who now wants revenge. When they meet, it's clear that the guy is a psycho.  The film does have one very good and original and interesting film moments. I found myself laughing at them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is really really stupid and really terrible, the movie is bad. I really don't understand how this movie was made, because I saw the movie for the second time and I saw it again. The acting is bad and the cinematography is bad, and the result is really bad.  I am really disappointed with this movie, and I think I will be very disappointed with the rest of the movies coming out in the future. The movie is really, really bad and it deserves to be removed from all the other trash and put on the shelf. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're looking for a laugh, pop a bowl of popcorn and watch "Foxes" when you get the urge to laugh.  It was only a movie. I know, it was "Fox". It's "The Foxes" isn't even that bad, but it is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the first 30 seconds of the film, I thought it was hilarious. But after a short time, I had enough and was just left wondering what the movie was about. The acting was horrible, the plot was silly and the jokes were not funny. The script was boring and the dialog was just lame.  I am going to watch this film just for the laugh. I don't know what it was trying to do. I think this film was an embarrassment.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time and money. It was probably the worst movie I've ever seen.  I'm not kidding. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is really nothing even remotely close to what this movie is. I cannot believe it, but the director is an idiot. I can't believe that he made this movie. He must be a serious drug user. The movie was not even funny at all. I mean, a movie that's supposed to be funny is supposed to actually be funny.  This movie is nothing more than a pathetic waste of time. The humor is so fake, that it's painful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book, and I really started to understand it all. It was about an old Jewish woman, a teacher, a father, a brother, and a girl that died in the 9th of September 2001. Her parents were dead, and she's living in a Jewish neighborhood.  Well, I just found out that this movie is one big lie, and that's what makes it all so terrible. I mean, how can you tell that you have to live in a neighborhood where nobody knows anything about 9/11? I mean come on, if you don't want to live near a guy who's got a gut feeling that something happened on that day, why not move to a neighborhood that doesn't know anything about that day? I know, this is a bad Hollywood movie, but I don't recommend it unless you really want to take the movie out with your friends. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those films that tries to make something out of nothing and in doing so manages to make it worse. It starts off well enough, but as it goes along it gets so bad I mean come on how bad are you going to take a bunch of drugged out guys with a bunch heavy-handed acting and expect something great to come out of this. If you're looking for a great story, there's one that will knock your jaw out. It's called "Kon Tiki: The Great Island Mystery", and the actors are awful, and the direction is so bad, I'm shocked. If the story was that good it would have been so great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an amateur historian of world war II, I was looking for something more, but the only film I saw about the war was "The Last Wave", which was released in the early 60s and has never been seen in any detail. But I found it boring and didn't have a great storyline.   The film tells a story of the British and American war, in which the American troops are involved in the war on the side of the Germans. The story is about the German troops being slaughtered in a bombing raid, while the British are evacuated out of London, to escape the bombings.  In the middle of the film, the American aircraft carrying the troops are shown to have been shot down by the Germans, while we are shown a shot of the German aircraft, with the debris clearly visible. The result is a totally misleading and one-sided view of the war.  It has been pointed out that this is a film about the Second World War, but as an academic I don't think it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a bad rip of a movie I watched on TV.  It was just a bad horror movie, nothing special. The gore was bad, and the acting was terrible.  This movie is the only movie that makes a horror movie.  The only good parts were the music and the special effects.  I really hope I get my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit that I had to watch this movie. It was awful.  There are moments in the movie that are so bad, they are so fake, and just not believable.  The movie is about a woman, Samantha (Kirsten Dunst), who meets a guy named Jack (Greg Kinnear). She falls in love and they fall in love to the other guy, Jack.   The main reason why I watched this movie is because of the first time I saw it on the telly. It is like watching an old friend from high school.  It's a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some of the comments here. I think they are out of the mark. This film is a disaster. There is nothing remotely amusing or interesting. The acting is bad, the script is bad and the direction is poor. The movie was a big waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the early eighties and I watched it for the first time a few years back, I still have a bad cold sore over it, I think, and I'm not easily entertained by much, much anything. The acting was bad, the directing was bad. The writing was bad and the plot was weak.  The film was bad in the beginning and I didn't enjoy it at all. I don't recommend this film to anyone, especially if you are drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of this movie starts with a bang. The movie is dull, boring and has no real plot. The characters are uninspired, there is no real excitement, nothing exciting or exciting. The ending is bad. The acting is bad and the ending is even worse than the movie.  The movie only gets 1 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to admit that I've never seen a horror movie that was so bad, and I'm glad that I did. If you watch this movie, don't waste your time. If your a horror fan, or even if you're just bored of bad movies, don; there's plenty of good stuff in here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a big Adam Sandler fan since he was in "The Long, Hot Summer" which was very funny and not a complete waste, and this film was his second movie after "The Money Pit". But I've always found him to be pretty creepy, and I really wanted to see what he could do.  So I decided to give it a try and give it an honest attempt.  The story is very boring and nothing special about it. The movie is extremely shallow and nothing entertaining.  But the best part of the movie was the music. It didn't fit the film at all, and the lyrics were stupid. The songs were stupid, and at times I was screaming, because I thought the song was very corny, and had some great lyrics.   The acting is awful. All the characters in this movie are just bad, not funny, and none of them act in a way that would make this movie a good movie.  Overall, if you want to watch a good Adam Sandlers movie, I would recommend "The Sandler Show" instead of this movie. That movie will make you laugh at yourself a lot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very predictable, very disappointing film with bad acting and bad script.  If you are expecting an action movie with a good story and a good action movie, then I am not here to disappoint you.  But if you expect a good movie with great story and good action scenes, then this is the right movie for you. And it should not be rented or even bought. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with "The Mother" is that it is a complete waste of film and, the movie itself, is the worst horror/comedy film I have ever seen. I have no idea how anyone could make a movie that is supposed to be funny, interesting, interesting...  It has absolutely nothing to do with the real Mother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.33:1 / 1.6:1 - 1.8:1   Original script:  1.0 - 1,1 / 4.2 - 1 = 0.02 / 4    - 1 / 4 - 0.05 = 0 - 0 = 0   In order to compensate for the lack of original story and plot in the movie, the director took the liberty of adding a few extra scenes, which were obviously cut from the original script.  The plot is so haphazard, that you can't tell whether it's an attempt to make a statement, or a cheap rip-off of the original movie.  It's so bad that I almost drowned in my vomit after I saw it. I'd recommend avoiding this movie, and seeing the original story instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie at about 1:50 a.m. I mean, the acting is bad, the music is bad and the special effects were so fake, I mean come on.  This movie is about a couple of guys that play in a video game that is played by the people who want to play video games. They're playing a video-game in a virtual reality.  It's really not that bad. The acting is horrible. The songs are bad.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "The Grudge" or "My Favorite Martian". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is predictable and the characters are weak, and there is little character development.  The story is an odd mixture of fantasy, horror and "Witchcraft" (the ancient Egyptian story of magic and witchcraft).  There are few real witches and only a few "haunted houses" (as they are usually called) that are visited by witches.   The only good witches are the "Witches" themselves. The "real" witches are all female. The rest of the "real witches" look like they are walking down a familiar path. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first two hours of the movie were okay but the next hour is when things really start to go wrong. The movie is so terrible that I gave up after 40 minutes of it. It was not funny, the acting was bad, and I could not even finish watching it because I could barely get my eyes to open. I would have given the movie a rating of 1.5 stars if it was a comedy and I had given it a zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are easily entertained, watch this movie. It is terrible. It will make you laugh out loud and even turn your stomach. It might even make you want to throw something at your screen.   I have given up on watching this. The only good thing I have seen this movie is seeing it. I watched it for about 5 minutes and I can honestly say that I had to fast forward to the parts when it wasn't funny. I mean the movie is so boring and will make your brain hurt. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a movie that tries so hard to be like something great that it actually becomes great. The story is a mess. It starts out as a horror movie but gets progressively worse until it is just bad. The plot is a pile of clichés and very weak.  There are a lot of bad horror movies out there. There is nothing new. There are just reruns of old movies.  If you are looking for a good horror movie don't waste your time on this one. It is a waste of time and a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I don't want to give anything away, because I want to warn you that there's no way in hell that you can come up with an entertaining synopsis of this movie. The movie is basically a collection of cliches that are nothing new. If you like me, you'll say that this movie isn't a movie, it's just a collection that has been used and abused by the fans of this show.  There are a lot of scenes in this movie, that were just plain bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting is poor, the story is pathetic and the movie is absolutely awful. The story has nothing to offer.  This movie is a big waste of time and time.  I really hope that the producers will make another movie with the same actors and director who made "Whipped" in such a poor manner. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way to describe this movie is to say it is like a terrible remake of "The Incredible Strange Film Show".   I would like to be able to see what the people in "The Strange Film" were trying to do, or why.  I'm not even sure if this movie was bad or good. It was boring and boring.  The special effects were bad, but it was also cheap and cheesy. I guess if the budget was low and the film was good, this could be a good film.  If you liked "The Amazing Strange Film", and the movie was good.   The acting was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like claiming that an Elvis actor is the greatest of all time.  The movie starts out with a slow, monologue where everything seems to be going great for everybody and that's it. The only thing that made this movie worth watching is the fact that there was not much action in the movie. The story is flat and there is no real reason why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read an article about the movie, and I am quite surprised that it is one of those movies that tries to be something it is not. It is just bad, boring and, in the end, simply a failed attempt at making a film that is not worth it.  I don't see how this movie ranks up to the worst movies of all time. If I would have been watching this movie, I would give it a zero, or a very low one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The idea of the movie seemed to be something along the lines of, "what if this movie was a remake of the original?" but I was kind of put off by the first 20 minutes or so.  The first hour was a little too much, I guess.  There's a lot of bad acting, too.  I don't really care for the cast, they just look like the same old tired characters. The plot was weak, and I found myself wanting to just fast forward through it.  As for the characters... I guess I was put off, but they were pretty bland. The only real problem I had was... I found the movie to be... boring. The direction... too. The editing... I mean... too much.   This was the movie I was looking for...  I'm going to give this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a bad film.  The characters in the film are caricatures. The dialog is poor. The acting is bad.  I thought this film could have taken place in a much less depressing way, but no, it only got depressing.  And the final fight was just laughable.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what the other reviewer said about this film, I've never seen it. The movie is really boring, the dialog is stupid and the direction is poor.  I'm glad that this movie was never released because i would like to be able to buy it. I'd be more than happy to watch it again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to point out that this is the only movie that I have seen that was more bad than this movie. This movie is so bad I had to write a review about it. It was just terrible, I mean the acting was terrible. The cinematography was bad, the music was bad and the story was terrible, and this movie should not have been made. I have never seen such a bad story in my life, this movie is worse than a dog with rabies, I think it would be good to call this movie a waste of time, I am sick of watching this crap I just cant get enough of this. It really was not funny at all, I had a good laugh when I saw it, I could have had much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a waste of time. This is one of those films that you watch for the laughs, for the plot, for some reason, or perhaps for nostalgia, but it's still a waste. The script is horrible. The acting is horrible, the camera-work is awful. The special effects are awful, the lighting is terrible, and the script is a complete failure.  The ending, in a real dumbest way, is completely unbelievable.   The last 3/4 of the movie are completely worthless. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out cute but really gets silly and gets progressively worse until the very end.  It was pretty disappointing. I would recommend avoiding this movie at all costs.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very disappointed with this film. I've seen some bad films, and it wasn't one of them.  This was a very cheap production. It looks like a really bad production.  I guess I just don't understand it.  The acting is poor, the script is bad, and the movie was a big waste.  All in all I guess the production value is more than 10,000. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are two main characters in this movie: the good guys and the bad guys. The good guys are the heroes, who have to fight evil on the side of the evil, and the evil is a computer program that can change the colors of any object it touches, and make it look exactly the same as the original movie.  The only thing that made this movie was the good performances from the good guy, and that's it.  If you liked the first movie, you will like this movie. The first is very good, and is the movie you will remember. The second is a movie that was good.  This movie is not good, it is not interesting at all, and you can even leave it off if you want to.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few films that I can think of that have crossed over the eyes of so many people as this one.   I don't think the film has the potential to be taken seriously by any audience.  This film is a failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film features a pointless storyline and poor editing and dubbing. It is also badly directed. I found myself laughing hysterically at the stupid, mindless dialogue. The direction is not worth watching for the story, but I did laugh out loud at the dubbing of some of the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm very excited for this movie. The script is extremely poor, the dialog is extremely bad, and the acting is bad, the ending is...unfamiliar.  I am shocked to see a movie that has the same name as the director's previous movie and is so similar, it is almost as if he was copying another movie.  In conclusion, I don't know why I ever sat down to watch it, but I am going to rent it anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not a good film, it is an awful movie,  If you like watching bad acting, bad dialog, bad movies, or just plain boring movies, go ahead.  This was not the greatest movie ever made, nor was it in the top 100.  The best part of this movie is that it wasn't funny. The humor is all about the fact that the movie is supposed to be about an old woman and her struggle to get a date with a younger man. The other parts are all about how she is trying to find her true path in life.   I'm not saying that this movie was a good movie, because if it wasn"t I would never have seen it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. It has one good plot, the acting is bad, and the special effects are really quite good, but the movie is a mess. The story is crap and I have no idea why they made it, but then again... I don't know...  Maybe if you were a child and you like the movie... you might like it, even though it is really, really bad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at a friend's house and all I can say is, this movie has a very high learning curve. The acting is bad, the plot is terrible, and I would advise people to stay away.  I am a little upset with the fact that the movie focuses on a young woman's attempt to make a living, and the way she is put in this horrible situation is ridiculous. It is really really sad.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is just an extremely disappointing film. The movie is terrible. I had to fast forward and get out of the cinema to fast-forward. This is not a movie with interesting story. This movie was horrible. I could not believe how boring and pointless was the film. It's very predictable.  I felt like I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the most terrible movie I have ever seen. I don't know if I should describe it as a comedy, but I do know it is bad from the beginning.   The main character is a drunk and irresponsible woman. She takes a couple of days off work to go to an appointment with her doctor. The doctor tells her to take a vacation, as she is in dire need of some medication.  The movie continues this pattern for about five minutes, and then we are supposed to see a character who has been to a funeral and is now in a cemetery. We are supposed then to see the dead woman's husband and see if the two can be reconciled.  This is just a bad, boring movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out with some good acting but I can't wait for the movie to end, but I will give it a shot.  I can definitely say that the story was not the least bit strange, and I don't care how you can call it a movie.  The only reason why I would even consider watching the movie is if you like the characters in the movie. They aren't interesting at all.  If you want to watch a movie about a serial killer, watch The Last Mimzy on TBS or HBO. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was made to be bad. It was made so badly that it was bad. And the worst part of it was how bad the story was. A kid gets possessed by an evil spirit from the Demon Realm and starts killing people. He even goes to the Demon's Realm and kills the Demon King himself.  But wait a minute. What the heck is that all about?? It all started so well. A few minutes later the whole movie just comes crashing down and I mean crashing down.  Oh, and the demon possessed kid was the one who killed the Demon king in the first place. The other two were just annoying and stupid.  All in all this movie is really a big waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this movie was made at all, it was just for the music. The movie starts off with a bang, and the music sounds like it is all over the place. Then the movie abruptly gets boring, the plot goes nowhere, and you don't even feel a bit like you are watching a bad TV show.  If you are looking for a great cheesy 70's B-flick movie, this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the classic, you will hate this movie. You will think that its not very good, its very fake and will try to portray how horrible things were in the Middle Ages.  I like the way the actors try to make this movie seem like a documentary about the lives of the people in the area at that time.  The best part of the movie is the narration, the interviews with the main character who is a complete idiot. The person who does the narration is completely out of the picture. The interviews are lame and uninteresting. The movie makes the entire thing look like a very bad documentary.   The movie is not really good at all. I just do not like this movie very much, and I think that there are a few people who are really into the whole "fake" thing and really appreciate the whole movie, which I find strange. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.35:1  Title (Brazil): "O Lampião de Ação" ("Lightning Speaks")  Title in Portuguese: "O Lualquete" ("Speak With Lightning")   Title with subtitles: "Lightning"   The cinematography is weak and the score is very cheap.  A lot of people are disappointed by the lack of content in this movie. I am too.   If you want to see something good, go to "Lighting" or "Speak with Lightning". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one of those "B" movies that is so bad you can't stop laughing and the whole film is terrible. The jokes are horrible, the characters are boring, and I just hope that by the time they are done with this film, I will be in a coma. I am giving this movie a 1 only because of the music, and the soundtrack is the worst thing I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first half of the movie is boring but I guess I can't be blamed for that. The characters are so bland and all the time are so fake that I can hardly care what happens to them. The movie just drags on and on. There are few real laughs but they are fake. The only real good thing I can say about the movie was how fake it is.  The movie is not funny, and I think that is the main reason why it is not listed in the Top 250 Worst Films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is stupid and just seems to be made up of many cliches, all of which are just plain uninteresting. A lot of the things that make the film such a poor excuse for a comedy are the following:  1. It's supposed to be a serious comedy. There is absolutely no reason to be so serious when you have the kind of characters who are supposed to just be funny. They're uninspired and boring, and this is a bad film.  2. The movie is based around the idea of a robot with a very limited intellect who somehow comes to life and wreaks havoc all over the place.  3. The robot is so smart that he becomes invincible to everything except death, and he's so dumb that he cannot feel anything except pain.  4. The script is completely random and the ending is just lame. It is not really interesting at all. The whole movie seems to come off as very uninspiring.   5. The acting is terrible. Everyone is so uninspired that it really is embarrassing to watch the characters act this way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I could I would say I have no clue as to what these people were doing or why I was watching.  They made me feel like they were showing me an all time low budget movie and I think I could of done better.  I'm not going to waste your time commenting how low budget and all time poor the movie was.  The only thing that was good about the movie were some pretty good music and some good gore scenes.  If you want to see a good movie this is a good one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad rip-off of "Citizen Kane", with an unnecessary plot. It was badly directed and made the whole thing pointless, and I really don't understand how anyone could find this a good movie, or even a good one.  This is really a crap movie, with a pointless plot. There is not a good or interesting movie like "Cantonese" in this category. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The premise of the movie is a simple story: the only purpose of this movie is to get an angry American mobster who has been shot and mained to death by the mob to tell his side of the story.  As it was the first time I had seen it, I was shocked that the movie was trying to be something serious. The story is so unbelievable that it was hard to understand why it was made.  It is not a comedy but a complete bore.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this movie, thinking it was just a parody of the movie Blow. The movie was terrible. The music was so bad, and the story was, as it should have been, bad. The only good thing was the movie was so incredibly boring, I thought the director should of just stopped and said "this was just terrible". The movie is so bad that I gave it a rating of 4/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is truly pathetic.  There are those out there that have said that this film was bad. Well it was a crap film, but not even that.  I do not understand the premise. If this was really a documentary, then it was really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen. It features a group of teenagers that are trying to survive in the woods. They are camping, hiking, and even getting topless. The movie is full of bad acting and terrible, clichéd dialogue. The acting is bad, the dialogue is terrible. The script is poor, the direction is poor. And what is really strange is that all of these kids are supposedly teenagers. This movie was so bad, I was so angry I wanted to slap my head. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an extremely boring and very disappointing movie. The only thing that makes it worthwhile is if you want to see a really good movie, which this does. I recommend you don't waste your time watching this movie, even if you're drunk and want to have fun. It's not that I like the movie, it's that I think it's very, very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is like claiming a bunch of my friends to be zombies for Halloween or something like that. They are nothing but zombies that think they're the "chicken", and you're nothing to them.  The ending is one of the worst I have ever seen. The ending was so fake that it was like an out of control toy train wreck.  I was so angry after seeing this movie that I was yelling at my TV "STAY AWAY FROM THIS DISASTER". The movie was so bad, I could even go home and watch the movie again. I have never seen a movie with this many mistakes. I give it a 1 only because of the actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I am a big film buff, and I love films that try to make them stand out from the pack, even if it is for a few bucks, but this is beyond awful. I think the director/writer just came off as very poor man's Ingemar Bergman. The cinematography was very poor. The film looked like a bunch of people just randomly shot it, and edited it up, and got a few extra bucks for it. I was looking for a film with a decent story, and a decent cast, and this just was not good. The story was weak, the film was bad, and it was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found myself turning the DVD player off halfway through the movie and found myself screaming out loud at the TV. The story was not even the worst I have ever seen. The only good thing was that the sound was good and the cinematography was OK. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is awful. The plot is really stupid. I mean, the whole movie is bad. The story is just bad. It's really really really, really bad.   I know what the movie was trying to do, but it was really bad that I watched it. It was a joke movie. And a joke that is.  And if I was watching it with my buddies, we wouldn't laugh at the jokes, the movie, or the movie at all.  So, don't waste your time watching this movie. It will make you laugh, and you will probably have more fun watching drunk people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a common theme here, the bad guys with guns are bad. The good guys are good, but nothing special. The movie is a failure to live up to expectations. It's a sad movie.  The only good guys here is a good cop, a cop with an extra set of eyes and a couple of good guys with a heart of gold. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title is a misspelling of "The Great War". A Great War is an event that was followed by the establishment of the United Nations. The Great War was fought by the United States, with the help of nations like Japan, France, and Italy.  There is no mention of a single battle or casualty. This is a terrible movie with no great acting and a horrible script.  This movie is so bad that I wanted to see it again just to see if it could get any worse.  The story is set in a post-apocalyptic future where the United Nation has taken over the world with the aid of "monsta" aliens. This monsta aliens are being chased by the "monstas" which look like a bunch of baby-faced teenagers.  One monsta is caught and thrown into the underground bunker by the U.N. soldiers.  Once in the underground, it has a different script that makes this movie a more confusing mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the movie a few weeks ago at a local film festival. I watched it in the hope of a few laughs but, after 10 minutes, I just plain lost all interest. I have seen a lot worse movies and this was no different. I could see the plot outline and the acting and I still couldn't tell if I was watching a spoof of The Incredible Mr. Limpet. I found the whole thing a bit silly and predictable. There were some nice moments and I thought the movie was pretty pointless and badly directed. The direction was terrible and the editing was horrible. The music was not particularly memorable and the plot had no flow or rhythm. I think I could of made the whole movie myself but I didn't think the movie would of been worth it. The movie is a rip off of The Amazing Mr. Levinson's own movie, I'd give it a 5 out of 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first 10 minutes of this film was promising, with a few decent shots. I thought I was watching a great documentary, but the whole thing was about the fact that a man could not become a great actor, let alone a great director.  What I didn't realize is that the movie could have had a great plot and great acting, and still it wouldn't be the same.  If you like the first 10 seconds of the movie, it is probably the movie for you. The rest of the film is a collection of half-ass, uninteresting, boring, uninspired and just plain dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one big load of bad acting, bad plot, stupid plot, bad dialog and a bad script...and yet the movie was so unbelievably bad, I actually wanted to give the movie a rating.  I can't even comment without giving a spoiler, so if I do, I'll just say it's not in the least surprising that it gets a rating...but I would give it a 4 for the plot, the acting is bad, and the script is so bad, it's good, but the movie is so horrible, I mean bad.  The only funny parts are the very last 20 minutes or so, so the movie could have been better, if the movie didn't have such bad acting and the plot was at least entertaining... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not really bad at all and not funny. The plot is bad and the jokes are bad.  The whole movie is about a girl who has become a serial killer and is in need of a place to be her hospital. The place she is taken to is a old hotel and the doctor who takes her in. The movie drags on and on and the characters are not funny enough to keep the movie interesting.  I give this movie a rating of 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had no real story, no real meaning and no real plot. The acting was bad, and there wasn't much to like about it.  All in all, I was pretty bored with this movie and would just recommend it to my friend if I saw it. So I guess it was a good movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I'm trying to say is that the first film doesn't work for any real reason.  It's not even that I don't like the film. I don t even like it that much. The only reason I like it is that it has a lot of filler.  I really don’t think I like this kind of filler, but I dont mind the actors anyway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad, it's bad. It's not funny, it is bad. And this movie is not funny.  It's really sad that they made it, the actors, the direction...  But, sadly, they did.  I could laugh, and I was not amused...  And that's the point of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are about 3 good scenes that stick out in my memory. There is one of the most pathetic and overblown scenes in movie history. It's a bit more restrained than "The Godfather" and the most overblown and overwrought.   The acting is bad. There are some great performances by the actors, the camera is grainy and grainy, the lighting is dark and dreary, the sound is wooden, grainy. The camera is always shaking and shaking, even when the screen is shaking.  The music is awful. It starts out with some of the wackiest tunes ever recorded. They get progressively worse until the last song.  I have no idea what was meant by "Godfather"?  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of the movie is pretty bad. It's boring and doesn't make much sense. It does make sense if you are willing to take a good look at the characters and see what they are all about. The movie doesn't explain anything. It just reiterates the characters as they act like a bunch of old proctology students. It is a bad, bad, BAD movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm not really sure why this movie is a must-miss at all. It is just bad. It will probably be a cult hit.  I saw the movie in the cinema and was not impressed by it. It was a stupid movie with bad special effects. I was so angry with the movie that I wanted to go and give it a few beers.   There was a lot of singing and the movie is not very amusing.  Overall I think this movie was not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is not bad, but it's a poor imitation of "The Mother" which has very little resemblance to the original film. The main difference is that the Mother, played by Dyan Cannon, does not look as if she is the Mother of the two main characters, and instead looks like a copy of "A Man Called Sledge" with her blonde hair and blue eyes. The only thing that could have made it better would have been if the Mother looked like the original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film is simply awful.   First, the director claims that he is trying to tell a story that is not true. He says he is telling "the truth" and that he should have made it clear in the beginning.  It's a complete failure.  The movie is a complete disappointment.  I gave this movie an F- in my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with a friend and we were both really disgusted with the movie, we were sick and tired and not able to sleep after we saw it and were talking about the best movie we ever saw.    It was really bad and the only thing that could redeem this movie is that the director did not really care for the characters in the movie (the one that died of thirst in the beginning) he just muddled through the movie like he did the first half of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not really sure how or why this movie is such a bad film and I have a feeling that it is simply trying to shock the audience. The acting is poor and the plot is completely uninteresting, the story is not original, it's a waste of time.  It really is not even a bad thriller, it is a boring movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to say that I had never heard of this film before I started to read reviews and saw it on the TV.  It was the worst movie I have ever seen and probably the most boring movie I ever saw.  The main problem with it is that the acting is so bad that it's hard to believe what's going on.  So I was expecting the film to be about some sort of political revolution. The only thing that kept me watching was that I thought that it was trying to make the same kind of political statement that was made in "Snowden" and "A Very Brief History of Nearly Everything."  The story is about an American journalist working in Moscow with the Russian government. This person is trying to cover up the biggest scandal of the 20th century. The government has been trying to stop the news from coming out because of this. The story has been blown up and changed in such a way that it completely changed the way it is presented.   The only positive aspect is that this movie is trying very hard to make a statement. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD with the intent of seeing a comedy and I was very surprised by the humor. I was not even entertained by the first 15 minutes and was wondering why. After that, I started to realize how bad it was. The jokes were very old and the whole movie was full of jokes from the first few minutes.  The worst part of the movie was at the beginning. When the "jokes" start, they're only supposed to be funny and endearing, and it ends at the very least with a very weak punch. The only thing that makes this movie worthwhile is the first 10 minutes. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of the movie is boring and lifeless, with little to no action and no real story. The movie quickly becomes more and more boring and at the same time boring and uninteresting. It is hard to see how the story evolved from this first hour to the final twenty minutes. The acting is bad, the direction is poor and the script is crap. This movie is not interesting in any way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first two films of the trilogy, this is it.  I found this a little too slow-moving, and it is the same with this one.  If this film is based on the same book as the first one, this movie should be a lot better.    The acting is bad, the script is terrible, the cinematography is bad.  The story is like a little Disney film with bad music.  My wife and I are not going to spend any more time describing how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is like a low budget sequel to "The Godfather". It is the result of years of bad acting, bad directing and a bad script. If you like bad godfather movies, this one is not for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this movie is really about is a guy who is a former high school teacher and gets a job as a sports writer in the community, and as he is at the beginning of his second day on the job he decides to make his first movie, the first one is not bad. The only good thing about this movie was that it starts off with some really good sports scenes, the rest of the movie is crap, and the special effects are pretty bad.  The thing that really gets me about this is the characters. I don't think I've seen the majority of the characters, but they're all really annoying and have no personality. I think that's all, and I'm really sad about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title suggests, this film is about the "futuristic" ways in which the human mind can be manipulated by our environment.  The film starts with a group of "monitors" - one man, one woman, one robot - going around in a shopping mall. One of them is a man who is shown with a red pen in his hand. It's the man's "red pen" that turns the entire shopping mall into a giant red mark, the man is turned into a "zombie" and the shopping mall explodes, killing everyone inside.  This movie is not really "bad" or "zombiefest" but instead is a waste of time and a waste not of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I have seen "Citizen Kane" and I have yet to see a film that comes close to the sheer stupidity of this one.  The first quarter of this film is absolutely pathetic. The story, dialog, direction, editing, casting, acting, everything is so un-cute, un-thought provoking, and ultimately amateur. The plot is so predictable and poorly done that you have to wonder why I waste my time writing a review of this trash.   I have nothing more to say, I am a complete sucker for a movie that fails to make me laugh, and I am going to do the same with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and I could not even finish it because it was so awful. I saw the movie on the big screen, and I am glad I did because I had to sit through it and feel sick after watching it.  It is absolutely revolting and it is really really really boring and very disappointing. I found myself wanting to get up and leave the theater. The story is so predictable, and is not interesting, and the director did not seem to know the difference between drama and entertainment.  I recommend not to watch this movie unless you really are interested in making your own movie, and just want to laugh at the other movie's mistakes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible and the story is not very interesting or original. The story is weak, there are no characters, no action, no direction, nothing, and the only interesting parts are the first 10 minutes.  In conclusion, I give 4/10 for this movie, and I strongly advise you not waste your time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story line is predictable and unemotional and very flat and boring, not because of some great insight or insight into the world, but simply because it is not told well.  The cinematography is boring, the direction is boring and uninspiring, and the acting is not convincing.  This movie reminds me of those crappy movies that you have seen that are bad enough, bad enough and good enough. It reminds me a lot of the crap that was made during the seventies, when people were actually watching movies that were actually interesting or entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story behind the movie is about a woman who takes a job in a big factory, where she meets a young factory worker who has to live with her and their problems. Soon they start fighting. And, when the fight breaks out, the woman gets to kill the young man and take his money. The money she gets is stolen by the woman and she is in a fight with the woman's friends, where they are all dead except for one. The woman gets killed and the man is free to live.  The movie is very boring and the whole movie feels like a bad television soap. The main characters are boring, and the story is so poor, you will wonder why it took the movie so long to finish.  If you liked the movie, it is a bad TV movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's an awful movie that should be relegated to the annals of movie history, and probably never. The plot is weak and poorly executed, the story is silly and far-fetched, the acting is poor, the plot is incoherent and the script is so bad that it's not even funny.  The movie is so awful, so stupid and boring, that I'm surprised I actually watched it. The movie may be a comedy, but I'll be watching the show and laughing at it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the beginning. It was a mediocre effort that looked like it was trying to be something interesting. The story was bad. The dialog was very, very boring. I mean, the whole movie is a joke.    It was really awful. I can see why it is only getting bashed now. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is the usual: a doctor finds a way to save a bunch of people with HIV from the AIDS epidemic. His best friend, a police detective, tries to stop the doctor from infecting the rest of the people he has infected.  The acting is pretty bad, the movie is uninteresting and boring. I would suggest watching the first 5 minutes of the movie to get a sense of how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with a friend and she found it quite strange. The acting was bad. The script was terrible. The plot was very poor. The sound was bad, the story was not interesting and the movie was not worth even a few minutes of my life.    It wasn't that I don't enjoy watching a movie. It was that it wasn't very good.  This movie is the only thing that has anything to do with me in the whole world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a complete waste. It was really not worth even renting it. It is bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not really a horror movie, but rather a lame comedy with bad acting, bad direction and terrible script. I had really high hopes for this movie, as I thought it would be a funny and funny movie. This movie is a waste of time, even if you are really drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this movie when I was younger, and I was quite impressed by it. The acting was bad, and the plot was stupid. The movie was, and not good.  I really hope that the producers of this movie get the message: if your movie is bad, please don't waste your time on it, because the people who did the movie are the ones who are in the wrong.  The movie isn't worth watching, because I think it was a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is sad to see that the makers of such a movie could not find the time to make something more entertaining and fun. I do not recommend this film to anyone. I will watch anything, even a comedy about a homeless person. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason I gave this movie a rating was to compare it to "Duckling Under the Stairs". The "Ducks" are about as wooden as the Toothpicks and the Toothpick is about as silly as the toothpick.  The premise is stupid. The characters are all cardboard stereotypes with nothing interesting to anyone but a hardcore fan of the Tooth Fairy.   In conclusion, this is the most pathetic movie I have ever seen. The only thing that was good was the final fight scene in the dentist's office. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that is made for a reason. It is a poorly written movie with bad special effects and is just plain bad.  There is not much special FX, but this movie is so bad it is good.  The movie is basically made up of three bad actors. They play an acting contest on a reality show.  It is also just a horrible movie.  Don't waste your time on this movie. It will make you angry that your friends are going to waste time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a very disappointing movie... I mean... The whole movie was a big joke. I mean, a stupid movie. The jokes were dumb and predictable, and they were very very unoriginal. So, I think the movie deserved a 1... The movie was so bad, that I actually fell asleep.  The only funny parts are... The end credits where the guys in the movie were laughing so hard. And the acting was poor.   The movie starts with the two guys sitting at a table talking about their childhood. They were talking about how much they have to live for. And then, the movie ends. I guess it is the movie where the guy's dad tells him that he has to go to work.  But... he just sits back and says that he will go.  This movie could be good... It was sooooooooo..  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is the result of a lot of failed attempts at horror and has the look of a good horror movie. The acting is bad, the plot is mediocre, and the ending is the weakest of all.  I was actually enjoying this movie at the end, but after the credits rolled I realized that the movie wasn't good at all. I would like to see a good ending, but a good movie with good acting.  The director/writer should be ashamed of himself for doing such good work, and should be removed from the director's chair. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole movie is just horrible.  It's just so stupid that it's funny.  I'm surprised that a film that's called "The General" would actually be good.  The first 5 minutes are a parody of The General, complete with the General's gravely voice. But that is when it hits rock bottom.  What makes this movie so bad that it is bad is that it has no redeeming value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line in this movie is not only bad, but boring. The director should have known better.  The acting was terrible, the script was boring, and the whole thing was an embarrassment.   The music was boring.  I mean come on, this is not the only good music, this was the sound. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There are several reasons why a bad film about the plight of an orphaned girl who ends up in the hospital with her mother's illness does not make for an interesting film. It does not have a script and does not look like a film that is shot on a green screen, it is boring, predictable, clichéd and a waste of money.  It is interesting that the film is so dull and so bland. I would think that this would be the perfect way to introduce a character to the audience to a very sick mother. I do however, appreciate the good performances of the two leads. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing I have seen of the movie was the very end credits - the director credits, the producers credits, etc. - where they listed the "Producers" of this movie. The names of the people who directed and produced this movie are listed in the credits of the producers and they should be ashamed of themselves for making such abomination of a movie. This is the most idiotic movie I have ever seen. I wish I could give the rating of the idiotic people who rated this movie for such a low rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of the film is a fairly good start. The actors all do good and the story moves along nicely, but it is really very silly and poorly acted. The direction is very amateur and the script is poor. I found it quite annoying. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only movie i liked about this movie was the remake of The Golden Child. I really do not understand how they can make a remake of a movie that has so much in common with the original film.  This movie was extremely disappointing. It was not funny at all, and it was not interesting at all. I found it very boring, and the movie was nothing more.   I thought it was a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a poor rip-off of "A Brief History of Nearly Famous" by the estimable Richard Dreyfus. The plot is not too bad but the ending is a pathetic failure. The story is nothing but a stalker's dream, one that will probably never end.  The acting is bad. The script is bad, and the directing is awful. The music is awful, and just like in the beginning, there are no climax or denouement. The cinematography is terrible. The directing is bad - worst.  This movie would be best classified as a "B" film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a person who likes horror/slasher movies, I can't say this film was bad. It is really, really bad. And it is even worse than a lot of other horror/horror movies.  The actors were bad. They should be removed from all this rubbish and replaced with good actors. And the movie itself...   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this film was to see the actors do their thing, and to see if it was any good.  The story, while interesting and it was not an action movie in the typical sense, was so predictable that it was a real disappointment.   The acting is so bad that you can tell when it is trying to be dramatic.  A lot of the times it does succeed, the acting is just horrible.  And the story is just not interesting enough to get any real enjoyment from it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I saw this movie was because of my friend's comment, which said, "If you're gonna see this film, don't. The movie is too much of a letdown to bear." The movie was a let down.  My wife is not the kind of person who would subject a movie to the kind that they have with this one. She said, when she heard the words "The man in the elevator" that I knew I would never be able to open my eyes and say "oh, I liked it," even after I've watched it several times, I still can't believe that I've seen it! I still think the ending is the stupidest.  The story is terrible. It's bad. It was just bad.   I watched it with my two kids and they couldn't take it very seriously, so I don't know how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is bad, and the acting is horrible.  It is badly acted, badly directed and I cannot believe that the people who did this were serious.  The story is really dumb. It is boring and it is not funny.  I really hope that there is a good person in the world who can put some words to my mouth and save this from being a waste of my time.   I am really really surprised to see such a funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst film I've ever seen. I have no idea how this movie could be made. The script is bad, the acting is bad. The direction is so bad I'm surprised that this movie was made. I don't know what kind of script this movie is, but if you read the script and try to follow the story, you will not know anything about it. The story is so predictable that I stopped the movie after 20 minutes. The only good thing is, there are too many changes in the story. It's so bad that I actually stopped laughing at the first change in the movie. This is the only movie that I have seen that was this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad.  I watched this movie because my friend recommended it to me.  Afterwords, I was disgusted.  The acting is terrible.    I mean, come on, the movie is BAD.  Just terrible. It is bad...  I am disgusted by the fact that the people who gave this movie such a poor rating are not the only ones who liked the movie, but those people probably don't watch movies that much.  This film is terrible, boring, and horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is really, really bad. I mean, what is the deal with all the gun action scenes. It is so bad, so weak, that you really wonder if it is real gun-fighters or actors.  I guess the movie could be real. I guess it could have been a real movie, with real people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I could not like this movie is that the acting is terrible and the direction is bad. The plot is weak, the movie is very boring and the whole thing is a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What's the point of writing a story like this?  If you want to see a funny and funny story, you should at least try to write it in a way that the audience doesn't have to sit through it.  There are many stories about the various conflicts that occur in Hollywood, and you will get bored watching them. This story is neither funny nor funny.  If it is a true story, it should be given to the audience to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In this film, I find myself sitting in a dreary, dim, rainy, dreery basement in New York. A group of teens and a dog (I forget what I called it) play an RPG game that is supposed to be "a horror movie." I mean, a horror movie. So, the teens decide to go into the basement and find a way to kill the bad dog, but when they find a stone that kills them all, they have to kill all the teens to get to the stone. That's right, the movie has gotten more ridiculous and stupid. And it is a dud, dud movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was hoping for something to be spectacular, but I was really disappointed. I was actually quite disappointed with this film, it was so bad, it wasn't that bad at all, the acting was bad, the plot was bad and the direction was just bad. I think it was supposed to be a romantic comedy but all it was a stalker movie with a bad script and the only good thing I got out of it was that it was the second time it tried to scare me. The acting was horrible, the ending was terrible and the whole movie just ended badly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly one of the worst film I have ever seen. It has the look of a documentary. The acting is bad, the sound is terrible, and the editing is awful. The plot is not interesting, the camera is not well shot, the editing doesn't work, and what is that about?    I would suggest that you watch a good documentary about the story of the world, or watch a documentary on the subject of evolution, and that you then ask yourself why did they make such an incredible documentary? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very boring and badly made, it is badly directed, badly acted, poorly acted and worst, most foul! The movie is not funny, the characters are not interesting.  It is not a good movie, it has bad acting and very little good story.  The ending of the movie, I mean really. The ending is so bad, I almost cried with relief.  I mean come on, just a few words are enough to make me hate this movie even more than before, I hope the director gets fired. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a collection of bad jokes. A joke is a funny way of expressing a really dumb idea. The only reason I watched it was to see some of the other bad jokes from the movie.  The only funny part is that it contains a plot. I don't see how the director can find a movie to make a comedy out of.  In my opinion, this movie is very very very poor. The jokes are not funny, nor are they good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with the movie was that it was so bad. There were too many plot holes, not enough of them, and the whole movie felt like I was watching a movie about the last days of the Soviet Union, and not a real documentary. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was a total waste of time, but the acting is horrible. I mean, how can you expect to get your name to be in the same sentence as this movie?  I know I can.  The plot is, well, just plain stupid. There's a plot, but it's a stupid one. It has no real logic. It's a bunch of mindless stuff. And I mean a bunch.  I can't even recommend this movie to people who are already awake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is bad, bad, terrible. The plot is poor, the acting is awful, the movie is a joke. If you have any clue about the show or are friends with the guys at work then you will know this movie is for you. It will make you laugh your pants off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie. It is, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen.  It is a movie made in such poor taste, and has been directed with such amateur actors, that I was wondering how bad it would be.  The main character is played by an unknown, but not the good guy, nor is it funny, but he is so wooden that he doesn't even have a sense of humor.  And the supporting characters, well, they are like the movie characters.  What was the point of making this movie.  Well, the main character plays by a cast of un-solved mysteries, a plot that doesn't add anything to the movie, and the supporting actors are so un-funny, that it makes me laugh so hard, I wanted to gag.  All in all, this movie is nothing special. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for an action movie with a twist of psychological horror and a nice plot then look no further.  The only reason I watched this movie was because the actors did a good job. I found myself laughing a few times in the beginning and found myself crying a few of times, so maybe it wasn't the psychological trauma.  I would have given this movie a 1/10, but there was nothing special about it, so that rating would be a fair one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching a comedy which is laughably un-PC, this movie will make you sick. If you don't like that type of humor, you will probably like "I Was Once A Male War Bride" or "Girlfight" or even "Gone With The Wind" - even though they are about the same era as this movie.  If this movie made any sense at all, I would suggest you see the original "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest" (1980). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is possibly the worst film I have ever seen in my life. I am astonished that it got made and that it cost less than $100 million to make.  I really do not know why. The script is very poor, the acting is poor, and the directing is poor.  This film is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people have complained about how badly they were treated by the police, and how it was all a dream. I didn't see any of that in this movie.  But, it's all about how they are treated.   What do they do in the dream?  I am a fan of horror/comedy and have seen the movies "Godsend", "Deliverance", "Scream", "The Ring" and "The Sixth Sense" (the latter of which has very little entertainment value). But I have NEVER seen ANY of the "Twelve Monkeys" that have been released.  It is NOT funny that I think this movie is, because it has been shown to the public at least once.  If you want to see a bad comedy/horror movie, go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a collection of bad ideas. I don't really understand why it didn't have more dialogue.  This film is like a bunch of people at a party with the same drunk people. It's like a bad high-school version of the Naked Gun, except drunk people talking to sober people.  I really cannot believe people actually spent money to make this movie. It really is a waste of film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember seeing this movie as a kid and seeing it as an adult. It's just a stupid little movie with the acting, the writing, and the direction that are just so bad I don't care how bad it is, how bad the movie is, or if I ever saw a movie with a worse acting and the same horrible writing, direction, or whatever, that I have ever seen.  I don;t care.  It's not even funny.   I mean come on, you are sooooooo bad that you are really bad that your acting is so bad it actually sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so bad I could not believe that the movie would get such a low rating, as it did for me when I saw the movie for the first time, but I kept thinking, "How could such a horrible movie be so awful? It is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life!"  It is so badly directed, and has been done so many times before, that I'm stunned. This movie was not good at all. It is not even good as a film, or as a short film.  Please, avoid this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First let me say that the first 20 minutes of this movie sucked. The story is not interesting, but that's the only thing that saves this movie.  I watched this movie with my friends and we had to keep asking ourselves how this could be the 10th time we watched this crap and it kept getting worse.  If you like bad movies, like me, and are open minded people, you will think that this movie is good.  The acting was horrible, the characters were stupid, and I can't believe the people who rated this movie so low. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As someone who has seen this movie I thought that it would be a great idea to watch it again, even if the rating was zero. It was very tepid and over all boring, and had no real plot to it.  This movie was a very disappointment, and as a result I am glad that I did not pay for it as it would have been a nice experience.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a positive review of this movie. It was fun to watch the first 15 minutes of it. I found myself laughing out loud at the jokes. The second half of it was so fake and stupid good that I was scared stiff. The ending was the real kicker. The movie was so disappointing that it was great. I recommend you don't waste anytime watching it. If you like a good movie with good jokes, check out "The Prodigy." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a horrible movie. I rented this film with some friends and after about an hour we were left feeling very unsatisfied.  I am not sure what the movie was about. It is sooooooo much worse than "Shane" that you could take the entire film and leave the director no time to prepare a plot line. This movie is a huge disappointment that I am ashamed of watching it. It looks like a bad film made by the director for his own personal gain.  If you want a great, scary, low budget slasher film, watch "The Hills Have Eyes" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard of "The Moustache" when it came out in '83, and while the movie was not terrible, I did give it a look. It's a very, very dull, very formulaic, extremely predictable film. The whole thing is so predictable, I'm shocked to see it listed as an independent film, and there's not much difference between a movie that has been released by a big studio, and a movie produced by a small one-man show.  I could not sit through it, I just couldn't believe it.  The "story" is actually quite interesting in the end, the "twists" are so corny and so contrived, I was expecting some deep insight into the psyche of this "character", but that's about it. I had no idea what the movie wanted to be about, what was it trying to do?  I actually like the movie, it just didn't convince me at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, it was an all time bad movie with a really bad ending and I thought it was OK. It was just an all out attack on the end.  The only good thing I can say is, I didn't like the end of the movie.  There was no real story line and the ending was bad. It is all a waste of time and the end was all to bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie for the second time with my girlfriend. I really didn't know what to expect and we were very disappointed. This is really bad.  It was the worst film I have ever seen and I have to say that the first time I watched it was a good time.   If you like low budget horror movies you will like this movie. I would say its better than the other movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In an interview with another reporter on the air, I said that this was a horrible movie. This is what I saw.  The acting was bad. I watched it on TBS one night, and I counted 9 different people laughing hysterically. I was so bored watching it that I kept watching the entire thing. It was just not funny at all. The sound was bad, and the editing was horrible.  I really think this movie would have been better if they had edited it a little better, but the editing would have lost all of the appeal. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title and the title song "Halt, it's alright" should have given you a sense of how bad this movie is. The title song and the lead song are the only good songs in the movie.   There are many songs in this movie. The story is silly and it could have been written in such a silly and naive way.  The acting is horrible. I could watch a bunch of drunk teenagers act like this and not complain.  I gave the movie a 2 only because of the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a joke. If you watch it with friends, it is more like a pity. The actors are terrible. The director should have stayed home with his family and made the movie in his hometown. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie where the "widescreen" aspect of the movie gets played over and over again in favor of the "mono-imagined" one. In a strange way, the "imagined story" part was much like the real story of the real life of the players, and they made an "illusionary" of the story to try to win.  If you're looking for something that is "true" or "real", this movie isn't it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am shocked by the low rating. The movie is just bad bad. I saw the whole movie and I did not laugh once! The movie has a bad script and a bad ending. The ending was just stupid. The acting was bad. The script was bad... It was like a bad TV movie. I think the movie was just boring.  I have to admit that I am surprised with the ratings... It could be that they are not serious fans of the movie.  If you like to watch the movie and you don't want to pay for it, I suggest you watch the TV show "The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't understand why the cast and crew were so discouraged to go back for this movie, and I hope they were just on a case.  If they are on good terms with the director, this movie should be removed from IMDb, since it was so much of a waste.  I do understand that this movie has a lot of problems, since the people who made it obviously had a lot time to make this movie.  It is unfortunate, as the movie is so boring.   If I had to make a list of the worst movies I have ever seen, I would start with:  1. Blow Out  2. Blow Up   3. Blowed Up  4. Filler   5. Fizzle    I think I have enough of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just watched "Manos" on HBO and decided to check out this movie and I did not expect anything great to come, but I was wrong. I was very impressed with how boring this movie was. I expected a good story, with a good cast and a good movie with a great plot. The movie was too long and had a lot of plot, and the characters were uninspired and uninspired. I do like the fact that there were some great actors in the movie, and they did a good job, as did the guy who played the role of a cop.  I would have to say I was a little bit surprised by the ending, but not by much. I am just glad there was good directing, editing and music. The end was just too rushed and rushed to say the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the story of a young woman named Claire (Aubrey) who has a history with her older sister (Mancuso) who is engaged to another woman (D'Angelo) whom she met on the bus and ended up getting killed in a freak accident. Claire is a flight attendant for airline flight BA624 and finds herself a hostess on a private yacht.  When she awakens from the dream, Claire realizes that her sister has died. It's only that she has awakened from the nightmare of Claire's death and then gone on to live the next day as she did in the dream.  It's too bad this movie is a waste of Claire. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is the point of this movie?  Well, the movie is not very interesting. I think the movie had some good story line and some interesting moments. I also think that there are some bad actors in the movie.  The movie is about a group of losers who are stuck in a cycle of ever increasing debt. They end up in the hospital because their friend owes money and they have to beg the hospital for help.  It could have been much much better. The movie was not very good at all.  I did like how the guy who played the nurse was from Sweden. It is not that hard to get into. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was bad and uninteresting. The plot was lame and the movie was terrible. It didn't make any sense, but the movie had no real plot. I gave it a 3 out of 10 because of the beautiful scenery and acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when I was 16 years old, and I was amazed that it was made in the 80's, that it still holds up today.  The plot is very thin, the movie is bad acting, and the ending is really lame.  I would say that this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, let me say I love zombies... The first 3 minutes of this movie are good... It's kinda funny, but then, everything gets weird and I really start to get annoyed. The characters are not interesting, and I'm not able to understand anything. The plot is weak, the jokes are bad, and the acting is awful.  The best part of this film is the music... Every song is played so loudly that you are probably going to sleep.  My advice from the bottom of my heart is not to waste your time watching this movie... you will sleep better in a coffin than this piece of trash. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are expecting to be entertained by the first 20 minutes, you will be blown away by the "spookiness" and the "plot" (which is basically an endless series of flashbacks, all of which serve as the perfect sedative) of the first 40 minutes. If you enjoy a good story, you'll be glad to have watched it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are a fan of science fiction and have seen the film then you will know that it was made without the slightest knowledge of what it was, and the script is full of clichés and unnecessary dialogue. In the film industry there are those who are willing to watch a film with a script that is so bad that it becomes a real drag. I have to say that this movie is an awful movie, and not a film worth even a comment.  This film is just a rip off of the film "Plan 9" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe the people who gave this movie such a bad rating... It's just sooooo... Bad.   I'm not going to lie. I found this movie so terrible that I couldn't stop laughing after I watched it.  The characters are stupid and don't act like intelligent people. There are some scenes that were just weird. Just like every other movie I have ever seen.  I found the movie so painful that I wanted to stop laughing. I am still mad that I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What was the purpose of this movie?  There is nothing good about this movie, the movie is merely a collection of cliches and it's just awful.   This movie should have been removed from the IMDb's "Worst movie of all time" list, it's been that long.  The movie is full of plot holes and just all out clichés.  As a whole, this movie is bad, the acting is terrible, the plot is weak and the end is just plain bad.  If this movie was entertaining at all, I would suggest checking out "The Big Chill" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is an excellent cast of supporting characters and it is sad that one such as Mancuso, a former CIA operative, was made to appear in this piece of filth.   I am not sure if this film was meant to be a spoof of "Suspicious Minds" by William P. Dafoe and is it even a good spoof of the original? I would certainly like to know as I am in the latter camp.  I don't think that this movie is worth a rating but the only ones who rated it too low are those who were in the audience when it was first screened at the 2005 Palm Springs International Film Festival and they are the ones who have rated it poorly. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A typical 'horror' movie with a few good scares and a very few good kills, this is just a cheap rip-off of the good stuff. The good thing is that it isn't a straight sequel. The original Nightmare was a scary and atmospheric thriller with a lot more scares and scares. The sequel, Nightmare II, is a dull and boring one-dimensional film with little scares or scares, good atmosphere, or atmosphere. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie is just terrible. It's a remake of the remake of Blair Witch.  The script is basically "B" from the Blair Witch movie. The plot is a remake as well, since there is no real storyline. And the actors are all horrible. The acting is horrible. It doesn't look like it's the original Blair Witch, but it isn't.  I mean...it just doesn't make any sense!   I watched the original film and it was better than this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was going to watch this movie at home with my friends on DVD and was surprised. I have to say that this movie is really terrible. The whole movie is so badly directed and the acting is so amateur that I'm ashamed of myself for sitting through it. This movie is a piece of crap that should have never been made.  The special effects in this movie are so bad, you can't even make them believable. The actors are so amateur, they can't act in the way you would expect them to act. It's embarrassing to watch.  This movie should have been released in the early 90's. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As you have probably already guessed, this film is a rip-off of the original film. The plot is not even that original, and there is no good reason why it should have been taken more seriously.  The characters are all the same. I would expect that at least the actors have changed a little, but I just cannot see how the director could have changed them all to look like the original.  In conclusion, this is an incredibly stupid film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to admit that this movie was very badly directed. I am not a fan of the film, but it was a very disappointing movie. The acting was poor, the movie was uninteresting, and the ending was not good at all. I did not like the movie, I hated the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worthy of your time. I don't know if I've ever walked through a horror film. It is not scary. It's not disturbing. It isn't even mildly interesting. The acting is bad. The plot is stupid. The cinematography is amateurish. The editing is amateur. The sound is awful. The film is just bad.  It is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out with an interesting premise, which is, why did the Indians never leave the Great West when the west was truly "lost" by Europeans? The whole idea is ridiculous and I'm not sure why they never left, either for religious reasons or because they were afraid of losing their way of life, or what. In any case, there are good reasons to leave and there are just too many reasons to stay.   What is so bad about this movie that it has not been released yet?   This was an interesting film for the first half of the seventies, and while I am not a big fan of the late Indian movies, the first one that I saw was a much better movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would never dream of watching a movie about this movie.  It's so bad I gave this movie a 3 out of 10 because of the plot and acting.  The story is so terrible that I couldn't even finish watching it.  I mean it was so bad that I could not stop laughing and my friend had to rush out and get me some beer.  This movie was so poorly written and I just had to go see it. I will never get the urge to see a movie with this kind of crap.  Please avoid this movie, do not watch it, I have seen all the bad movies, but this one is not worth seeing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a big ripoff of "Tortilla Flat" (Tortillas & Hamlet) and "Gone with the Wind" (Gone With the Wind).  If you're a fan of giant rodents, then this movie isn't worth even renting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off very cute and amusing and seems to be about a guy that gets killed in a plane crash and returns to the life of normalcy and gets taken into custody by the police.  The movie goes on to be boring and very predictable as it goes along. There are also lots of weird and unexplained elements in the movie and at the end, it seems as if it just goes off the deep end and becomes a really stupid movie.  There are no good performances and the movie is full of bad directing and acting.  A few funny moments are amusing and some weird effects are used. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's no secret that the only reason to see this film is to see the lovely and attractive young Brit star, Sam Chiles. He is so attractive that his film was given a 4 out of 10 by the critics.  The main reason to watch this film are for the good lines in the film. The film was full of boring jokes, so there is a good chance of a few laughs.  There was also a bit of a story, but I didn't bother. I guess I was looking for a laugh, so it could have been a good one.  So how is it?   Well, I think Sam Chiled does a good job, but the rest of the cast don't come together as well.  I think it's a shame as it's not often that we get to see British talent.  My rating was 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you enjoy watching low budget movies this is for you.  There are only two good things in this movie.   The first, and probably the most important, is the fact that the director, Joseph Sarno, uses the word "fart" instead of "farty" in the title of the movie. This was not that I was expecting anything different. The first time I heard it was "Farty Fun" I was not so sure.  Second, the fact the movie is about a woman who is in love with her mother makes me think I should have been happy. It was too sad and too much of my life I had to see it because of my friend's recommendation.  Third, there is the "love interest" who is the most horrible actor in the movie and has his lines all day.  Fourth, the cinematography is very dark. I was wondering why this movie did not use the flash photography that most movies use.  Fifth, there was not one scene that could have been considered realistic. It looked as if it was all shot in the dark.  Bottom line, if you want to watch a fun, low budget, film, don't watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this film to be very dull and lacking any real message. I didn't feel any emotion, and the characters were all flat. The acting was bad, the story was poor, and this movie was just an awful, disappointing waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was a kid and watching this movie scared the heck out of me. I mean it's horrible. I can't even fathom how horrible this movie is. I'm not going to watch it, but I'd like to see it for what it is. This is a bad film.  I don't understand how they can say that this movie was bad because it had a good plot, and then give the same movie an 10. That's not a 10, but a 5. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is about a group of four friends in a small village that are desperate for something. When one friend gets drunk and falls down the stairs, he gets attacked by a local priest who is trying to save his life.  The priest is not as drunk as the other two. The local people, on the other hand, are completely out of the picture.  If I had been watching this film at night I would have counted 1 or 2 more people on the film.    This film is not worth renting because of the story, acting, or the direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie with my friend, who is a huge fan of the movie, and he thought it was awful. But I can tell you a story about how this movie was bad, and not that bad.  First of all, if you don't know who John Lithgow is, he probably has some big name stuff coming up, but this movie is terrible.  I mean, it's a movie that isn't really that good, but if you are a fan of Lithgow, don't bother. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than an exercise in self-indulgence.  I found myself not caring about the story of the movie, as it has nothing to do with real life, the actors and the story.  In conclusion, I give the movie a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a waste of time... I'm really surprised that people actually waste their time to watch it. The script is the worst script ever written in the history of cinema.  The actors were awful. They tried very hard to make the story and the story was so bad...   I can't even tell you how bad the movie was. It was soooo boring. The story is so lame... The characters are soooooooo.... I don't even know how to describe them...  I've given it 2 out of 10... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie a 3 is because I saw it in the cinema, and it didn't scare me. The director has no talent and the movie is full of a lot of pointless plot. The story is weak and the ending is very fake and the characters are weak as well. The acting is bad and the plot is weak. The best performance is from the director of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is possibly the worst horror/comedy film I have ever seen. I saw it in a local cinema and it was just a waste of time.  The main character is a kid (who goes to a Halloween party) who thinks he is so weird that he becomes a complete lunatic and is out to kill everyone. The movie's climax is a complete failure and nothing happens, the plot goes completely out of its way and there are scenes of complete and utter silliness.  If this is not the worst movie I have seen, I'm not sure why I didn't like it, it seems that some people who watched this movie are friends with the main character who don't like horror films. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you see the movie as it should be - i.e. if you are a serious person and want to see the real-life story of a person who is wrongly accused of murder - then you would be wasting your time.    This movie is so bad it's funny. If you want to laugh at this movie, you would probably do best by looking at the TV. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad that it's actually funny. It is not funny, is not interesting and it is not entertaining. I am a big fan of the original cartoon series and the second one was a good cartoon.  The original series was funny, the second cartoon was more serious and entertaining, and the third one was not at all.  I really hope that this movie won't ruin the fun of watching the first cartoon, because I am really glad that the people who made this movie have finally found something better to do with their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was made to showcase a couple of black women that have been sexually abused by white men. They were abused by the white male partner(s) that has been beating them up. The women were sexually abused and tortured by the black partner. The story tells that the black women had sex with the white men who beat them up, and that the white partner took them to the hospital for help and treatment. The hospital is run by a black doctor that thinks that the women are faking it. They are taken into custody, and the doctor is told that he is in for a big surprise. The black woman is sexually abused, and then she is raped again. And then she gets raped again, and raped again...  The doctor and black woman who were sexually attacked by the partner and are taken to the hospitals for treatment. They leave the hospital and go into the streets, and in the streets of the ghetto. There they see a group of black people, and they are attacked. They run for their lives, and while trying to escape, the doctor comes out of the hospital, and tells the black woman that he has done everything wrong. The woman starts crying hysterically, and says to the doctor that he must have done something wrong, and asks him to go and help them.   The black women get in their cars and get into a car, and get away. They start screaming, and look around and are scared. The doctor tells them that there must be something wrong with their health, and needs to go to the doctors.  While this is happening, the black man in the hospital is beating up and sexually assaulting black women. One by one, black women are raped, beaten, sodomized, raped, raped. The other black women were killed, and left on the hospital floor.  So basically this movie is a big joke. The main character of the movie was a black man named "Buck". He was in the middle of the plot, but it ended when he came back out of his room.  This is not a good movie, and I recommend people not watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like it, because I do.  I don't understand why this movie was so terrible, because it was very poorly directed. It wasn't interesting, and I found myself wondering what the hell the people were on. It was interesting, which would be interesting if it was made by a few smart directors, because this movie has a lot of strange cinematography and weird story lines, and some people in the cast were very bad.   The last half of the movie is like some kind of weird documentary, and the acting was not bad, but it was terrible.  What is weird about this movie is that it was so boring, and it could have been better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disaster of a movie. The acting was bad. The plot was predictable and the characters all seemed to be out for revenge. I was scared for my kids who saw it for the first time.  There is no real reason to watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What I mean is that, as much as I like the first 30 minutes of the film, I don't like the film any more.  The ending is the biggest insult to the audience.  I have nothing more to say.   I watched the movie with my wife and two young children. We saw it when it was at least interesting, because I thought that was the only interesting thing about the whole movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem with this movie is that it's so predictable. If you watched the first ten minutes, you'll realise that it was all a load of cheese. The plot is very stupid, and you can even predict what will happen in the next scene, which is also very annoying. And this movie has some very good gore effects, and a very bad script. The director should have given this movie a '2', just because of the decent acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I want to say about this movie is that it is just not scary, I mean really scary. The acting is awful and the story is very uninspired. It has nothing to do with the actual film it was made for, but the whole film is boring.  The plot is just silly and just not very scary.  So if you want a scary movie with scary scenes and a really boring story don't bother.   I rated this film a 2 only because of the few scary scenes it had, and because it wasn't a horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you have to be on a real journey to a place where you would be stranded, don't go there! There is a possibility that you might be killed, either by a drunk driver or by some local folk, and then you will have to return to your home town and say "I'm a hero and I will protect you." That's it. The director's vision of the future seems to have been reduced to the point of absurdity, the story has nothing to do with reality and the ending could be the result of some brilliant imagination.  This movie could be seen as another example of a poor man's "Saving Private Ryan" - I saw it in a cinema about the same time as this movie, and the comparison made me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a waste of time. It's a waste. I wasted money on it and I'm ashamed of the wasted time. I'll see to that it's nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a beautiful, lush garden where a family of four is growing. They're all happy and the film is quiet and boring.  It starts out well, and there's something interesting. The first half is a good introduction to a fascinating family of rabbits, who seem to have become accustomed to humans. The family seems to be living in peace, with all the family members enjoying their lives with the rabbits.  The rabbit family seems very happy, and the family appears to be in no hurry to leave, which is a disappointment as the story progresses. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this film is incoherent and lacks coherence. I do not understand why this movie has been given the 1 star rating.  I have not seen any of the other movies with the same rating. I have only seen the one film with the exact same subject.  The actors are badly casted, the story is stupid and there are scenes that are so unclear and illogical that it makes you scratch your head in disbelief.   If you are hoping for a good film, go ahead, watch this one instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very very very dull and badly directed and acted. The story is very thin and badly filmed. I saw the movie the other day on the Mplex channel, but it didn't look anything like that. I can't understand the movie. I just don't get it.   The movie seems to be very one sided. It's very bad and I think the director wanted to do something different and interesting, like with the film "The Sixth Sense"   It just doesn't make any sense, and the film really isn't scary in the least. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this film is about a cop and his two friends (John and Anthony) that come into his life and try to save him.  The movie is bad but the two main characters (John) and Anthony (Anthony) save the movie from being an atrocity.  There is nothing in this movie to save this film, the movie was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am the person who saw this movie. I saw it as soon as I could. This movie is a complete waste of time. The movie is badly directed and badly acted. The story is nothing more than a repeat of the first movie. The acting is worse than in the first. The script is completely different from the first one. I can't believe that they took this movie back to the same place from the same director. It makes you want to grab your camcorder and take a quick snapshot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very low budget. I rented this movie because I saw it as an example of a bad horror film. It has absolutely nothing to do with real life or real horror. There are no scares, no suspense, no special effects, and no suspense. The story is a waste of time and I mean a waste. The only good parts are the ending and the credits. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time. I think I was in shock that this movie made it to Sundance. The only reason I watched this was because of the performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning I was really interested to see what would happen if a good movie, but was not expecting much. The characters were good and interesting, but that was the beginning.    Then it started to become a really bad movie. The plot started to develop and I felt sorry for all the characters. The movie was actually good, and I would recommend to watch it, because I really do not understand the characters or the story. It was very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise of the movie was interesting, but I really could not stop laughing after the first ten minutes. I kept on thinking that it would get better after the movie, but in the end I found myself completely unenthusiastic.  It has been a very long time since I saw the movie and it is not funny anymore, I think that the movie has a few good moments, but it gets very boring after about 10 minutes and that's what I mean.   It is sad that the actors and director made the movie. I found it very very very tedious. I did not find any funny jokes. The movie is very much like a bad television show.  This movie is really a waste of time and I do not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are really bored and you want to waste time watching a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this film was released as a parody of "Wholly Go Round", this film would be considered the same. It is actually worse. I have to say that I am a huge Adam Sandler fan and even though I am not a comedian, I felt like I got to see a bad parody of one of his films. The whole film is about a drunken loser (Sandler) who works in a bar in the village of his childhood, who gets caught in the middle of an accident and comes to a small town bar. It's raining, the bar is full of puke, and Sandler is out. It was raining and he needed a lift.  This movie is a parody, not a parody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the result of a bad script, poor production and a script that isn't worth the $4.99 I was sold on the promise of a great story line, but it was really the worst script ever made. I am glad I went to see it, because if I didn't I would have given it a 2 out of 10.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember watching this film with my 3 year old daughter and she wanted to watch it over and over again. I had to get her to go and watch it again because it was so awful.  I wanted to give this movie a 3 because of the plot and acting. It was just so bad and I wanted my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just watched this movie in the middle of the night, but it was so boring, that I was in tears by the time I finished watching it.  I thought it was going to be another 'Boogie Nights' or something. It's not, it's more like it was made for a bunch of high school students to be bored by the constant gun fire and explosions, and that's why it was not funny.  The worst part of the movie was the constant jokes. People keep making jokes, and there is no point of them, it was just pathetic.  This movie has a few funny moments, and it's really stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a disappointment.  It's very hard to find something positive to say about it, except that it seems to be based on the book "The Cuckoo's Nest". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason why I was watching this movie is because the acting is bad, the plot is bad and the cinematography is bad.  I am glad that I had the foresight to watch this movie and hope that my brother and sister never saw it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an attempt at a remake of a beloved TV show. I love movies, I just love watching them. The movie has been directed as a remake, it has been done like a remake. It tries to be like the old days of MTV or some other, popular teen show, and fails at that. It is just bad trash.  The acting is horrible. The writing is terrible, the jokes are just plain stupid. I don't know what the writers were trying to do, and I don'nt think the movie was trying to be anything special.  There are a few good moments, like when the girl tries to act like an adult and gets freaked out and freaks out of everything. The acting, writing and direction are all amateur, and the movie just makes a mockery of what it once was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is bad and stupid. The acting is poor, the cinematography is bad, the songs are bad, and the movie is bad.  There is one funny scene in the movie and that's it. I mean, come on. The movie is awful, the movie has no good songs, and I don't understand how this movie was funny.  This movie is the worst comedy ever made. It is not funny. It does not have a good plot, it is not interesting, and has a bad ending.  Don't waste your time. I don' t think you would be happier sitting on a log. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only positive comment I could make about this movie is that it was filmed in China. It was interesting to see a film made in China and then translated into English. However, it is the most boring movie I have ever seen. It is not interesting at all, just boring and unbelievable. The actors were uninteresting, and I really could not understand why they did it. The plot is completely non-existent, the jokes are not funny, the camera is not steady, and the script is poorly written.  The music is bad, the score is not funny. And the sound effects are bad.  I mean, this movie could be the greatest movie ever, but that would not be a compliment. It just would not deserve that honor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst of all B movie with the plot line of "waking the dead" being the first and only thing that could have possibly made this a good movie. It has been done to death and I am shocked at the horrible way it has been directed.  If you liked The Dead Code you will like this movie. If you were watching the movie with a friend don't watch this movie, I know I'm not that fond of horror movies, but I did like this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a terrible film. It is very, very boring. The special effects are very fake looking. The music is very annoying. The acting is bad. I mean, come on, what was the deal with that guy in the beginning of the movie, playing the same song over and over again and acting like he's in a video game? This movie made me laugh out loud three times in the entire movie. It was like watching a really bad version of "The Lion King" again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the most poorly produced and possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting is awful, the direction is amateur at best, and the editing is just terrible. I can't even describe this movie. It's horrible. The movie is so badly directed, edited, and just plain bad, that I'm astonished how bad it is.  The only funny thing in the entire movie was the song "A love song for a lonely song" by the singer, Alisan Porter. It was awful, awful, boring, and I swear that the song was played to the point of exhaustion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The premise of this film is that the military is facing a budget crisis. They have a budget to spare and are using up all their resources trying to figure out how to save it. They need to get some creative people to come up with creative solutions to avoid this crisis. I know it, it's called the budget crisis, it is a crisis of confidence.  This is not a good movie, it has all the qualities of a low budget movie that are so glaring, that you will be distracted from what you are watching.  I have never been a fan of the military in the past, nor will I ever be. The movies they make for the public look so polished, that the actors can't even act the way they are supposed to act, but the audience has to suffer through the awful movie, like a bad version of a bad episode of Barney.   It's not even good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that struck me about this movie was that it's so bad I thought it was an accident. But then I got to the movie and realised it was nothing more than a very bad movie. There are a lot of pointless scenes in this movie and they are very uninteresting. The script is very badly written and the acting was terrible. I have never seen such bad acting in a movie before. I can't even write a few words without describing how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is a huge pile of unoriginal movie that has been sitting in my pile of crap for almost 3 years. This is just so much uninteresting garbage that I have to get up and leave the room. There is really nothing new here. The whole movie has been about the bad things that happened to the characters and not about the story itself.  The acting is poor. I cannot believe how this movie was made.  This movie is so much of nothing, and I really cannot believe what the producers were trying to do. The story is completely boring, the actors are all bad, and the whole movie is an embarrassment.   If I want to waste my time watching this movie I'll leave it in a drawer and walk out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this film with high expectations. I was really looking forward to it, so I thought it would be great, I was wrong. It was actually pretty bad. The first 20 minutes of the film was a good film. The rest of it was awful.  I watched it because I thought I would enjoy it. Boy was I wrong.  The acting was terrible, the cinematography was pretty good, and the story was bad. I wouldn't recommend this movie, the only reason I did was because of the soundtrack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "Tigerland" (1980) is a complete failure. The first 30 minutes is interesting, but the plot gets boring as the movie progresses. The last 10 minutes are completely non-related and the movie was not worth the effort to watch. The movie was totally predictable. The story was about a couple of guys who were interested in making a film about tigers and how they would go about it.  I was looking for something that was entertaining and was very interesting, so I ended up watching "Tigers" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There's a lot of great acting and I'd like to see more of it. There are some good laughs in this movie but there are way too many of them and the whole movie is just a waste of time.  I really like the idea of the movie and that is why I think the movie is so bad.  The main characters are the three main characters that have been played by the same actors in the past and all three of them are playing in this new movie.   The plot is bad and the ending is completely fake. This movie tries to be like a sequel to the original movie. It has the same plot and the same characters. The only thing that has changed in this is the way that the story has been edited. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The story is bad. The characters are all one-dimensional and one-note. There's nothing that makes any sense.   I guess this movie is a good example of the bad movie genre. It's nothing more than an exercise in bad writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie. This is a movie about a retarded autistic girl who gets bullied by her friends and ends up in the hospital.  The movie is so bad it isn't even funny. It isn't funny.  This movie is not interesting.  I think this movie was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is, unfortunately, a typical B-movie made in the seventies. It's boring, poorly directed, poorly acted, and most importantly, boring. If you like watching bad movies that look like the seventy-ties, you will hate this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing I liked about this movie is the soundtrack. The acting was poor, the plot was bad and boring.  This is not a good movie. It is a waste of money and time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with "Krimi: Blood Sports" is that it was made for the hell of it. I mean, "Kriemhild's Rade" (the first movie) was a decent film but not great by any means. And "Krug" is a great movie. And I can't think of a better way to make a movie than to add the two worst vampire movies ever made. And then it's nothing more than another vampire movie.  This is a vampire movie, even a vampire one. The only really good thing about it is that a lot of the scenes look like they're from a bad 80s teen slasher movie. All in all, I'd like to see "Kriv" (another vampire movie) made better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I'll start by commenting on this movie's plot summary and why it was so terrible. In the summary I mentioned the movie was "bad". I don't mean BAD. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and the direction is awful. The plot is like one of those "Wizards" TV show... it's really not. It's like an adult version of "Seinfeld"...  I don;t think I'll watch this movie again. I just do not.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is nothing more than a repeat of the first two movies, and there is no real reason why it should have been made a third time.  There is no plot. The characters are cardboard and I have no personal feeling about them.  The direction is poor. The actors are so that I am not even able to write a comment on how bad it is.  If I am ever offered a movie with Kevin Spacey in it, I will not even consider it, but if this movie is made into a third one, then I will be extremely angry.   I did like the second movie, and found myself laughing and crying at the same time, and was not at all disappointed.  I can not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In an apparent attempt to be a "message of peace", the movie featured an all black cast and a poor script that seemed to be written by a friend of the director.   The movie went out of its way to avoid any message that could be understood in any way. Instead it made the viewer angry, because it could not have accomplished such a message.  The message is a combination of racism and anti-Americanism. I'm not sure how a message that would be racist can be anti-semitic and anti American, and I am not sure if the director is racist, or anti-black.  This movie was not only an anti-Black message, but anti-white and anti Christian messages. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, we have some really bad acting and a truly awful script. The movie has all the qualities of an action movie, from the fighting, to the explosions, to everything. The only redeeming thing in this movie is that it had a good time, but not a great time.  It really is unfortunate that this movie did not meet the minimum requirements of being a PG movie. If you want to know how to make a PG-13 movie, watch this movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A poor American film student gets a visit from a professor that tells her the entire concept of an intelligent, supernaturally intelligent human being. The professor is Dr. Segal, the author of the book. He explains that humans, on the whole, have a tendency to take life too seriously. And, in the process, we're not only become smart individuals, but dumb ones.  The only good comment I could make is that I think the professor's view is the only sane way to view the human body.  If you get the chance to see this, I would strongly recommend you don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! The movie was bad, the special effects were bad, and the writing was horrible. I don't know what happened, I really don't care, the movie was just bad, it was bad all the time. The story was not interesting, and it is not believable! The plot was boring, the script is not funny, and I give the movie a score of 1/10.   The last scene is just bad... the worst thing I have ever seen in a movie, and this movie is really bad.  I give this movie a 1/100 for a total of 6 movies... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this film because I thought it was going to be the great reawakening of the Star Wars movies. I was right. This was the worst movie that I have ever seen. I mean really awful.  The first half was so bad, it was bad. I couldn't even get the point of what was going on.   The next hour is the StarWars parody of the first half, but it was so weak, that you could not even understand the plot anymore.  I don't understand why people hated this movie.  It's not that this movie is bad. It's bad that they didn't even watch the movie, and just watched the summary.  This movie was so much crap, that it made me mad that I wasted my time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just a poor rip-off of the original "The Rookie" but not really. It has all the clichés, from the guy in the band who starts off with a good song to the old man in the cemetery who gives his life to the boy. The movie is boring, has no real plot, no real humor. The story is weak and boring, the characters is all cliché.  The only good aspect is that the "hero" of the movie gets killed off. In the original, he has a big fight with the bad guy and they end up in the hospital with the hospital administrator and a very nice girl.  If you like the old "The Kid" movies, this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie starts out well, but as soon as it hits the road, it hits a speed limit and runs out of steam. The lead characters are like "worse than usual," and the movie is slow, uninteresting and boring.   If you liked "Fast and the Furious," you will hate "Carnival of Souls." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie where you see a woman getting tortured by an angry mob. Her story gets so bad, that you want to leave the movie room after a few minutes of this. I'm not sure if this is the main character, or a friend who just left the movie early on.  The story is so bad that I think you could cut it with a knife, but I can't.  I can watch the movie and find myself getting angry, thinking of my kids, and thinking of the police.  There is not much plot, but there is a lot of annoying, uninteresting characters, and one of the worst special effects ever seen.  My advice: do not watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started out as a great idea but got worse and worse.  The first half was great and the second half was just bad. I thought this was the only way it could get.  It was just not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I must say that I am a big fan of the original cartoon series, since my collection of "Cartoon Network" shows is quite a large collection! It's sad when a show that is not "My Favorite Martian" is shown to people outside of the world of animation and animation.  If you were to ask me, this would be my worst episode of the show! It was painful, and it made my voice come out my mouth! My sister had to watch this just to get a laugh!  My advice from the bottom of my heart, stay on "Mystery Space Theater" or even "My Disney Channel" until this show has a chance to gain the audience! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, what's with this "noir" film? The film is so bad it's funny. In the beginning you see a car crash and you think "how did that happen?" The movie is so badly written and directed that you know you're watching a low budget film. The story is too weak to carry all of the jokes that come up.  The film's humor is so poorly done and the direction is so poor you wonder if the director is serious or serious about the project. I gave it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen a lot of bad movies with bad actors and it's really not one of them. The main character is a guy named John. In this movie, he is the main hero. The movie has a lot in common with other bad movie of the year, but it does not fit the bill. The plot is boring and nothing special. The acting is terrible.  The movie is really a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are a fan of the "St. Elsewhere" series, you will love this movie. If you're looking for a straight-on view of the world, you're going to see something different.  This movie was the second installment in the "The Real World" series. The plot is bad, the characters are bad, and the whole thing is a stalker movie.  There is no real story here, just bad acting, horrible script, bad directing, and bad acting.  It's really, really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie as a kid when it was first released, and I really thought it was interesting, and it turns out that the only funny parts were the bit where the aliens are dancing in the background, and the aliens have a weird dance routine. I guess I shouldn't really complain about a movie that's bad, because I don't really know what.  My biggest problem with this movie is the lack of suspense. It just drags along, and there's no real action, but the movie doesn't have the tension it deserves, so I don' t care. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time. There are two good scenes. The first is the scene where the guys are playing around with a pistol and a small child gets scared senseless and runs away from the scene. The second is the guy walking around aimlessly and no where to be found. It's just not scary enough, I think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I read a lot about this movie and I decided to take a look, since it wasn't too bad. I don't know why, because it wasn´t that bad at all. And what a pity, since I like to laugh with a good dose of Jack Frost, I didn´t see anything special. I guess it would have been nice to see the real Jack Frost in action!   The story is about a drunk woman (Einon) who wants to kill her husband (Waldau) for being so drunk! The movie has a lot of unnecessary scenes, some funny and not, and the ending is a complete waste of 88 minutes! The director is lucky if there isn´t a single person who could enjoy this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that should have been in the beginning of the movie. I really can't understand how they thought this movie was a good movie for children. There are so many unanswered questions in this movie that I don't know if I can even answer them. I just watched it, and I just don't care anymore what kind of kid this kid was.  The acting is so terrible, that the director should not be allowed to continue making the same movies. It is absolutely horrible that I watched this film, and the ending is so awful that I'm just shocked I watched it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it is one of those movies where you watch the movie, and you just have to wonder why, but after the first few minutes, you realize it could not be the same movie. The movie has nothing to offer and is a waste of time. The acting is horrible and the special effects are not realistic.  The best actor is the girl that played the lead in the movie. She has a nice body and good looks, but she is very short. She is way too old.  This movie was an absolute joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As I watched the film I started thinking 'Why do I care? This was not the movie that I would like to see.   I am not a horror movie fan, but I am interested in the performances of the main actors in a horror film.  I like the acting, but the movie is just a waste of time.  If I were a horror fan I would give this a 1 or 2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie. The acting is horrible, the characters are all one-dimensional. The plot is poor, and there are no real characters. The movie was awful. I watched this movie with a friend of mine, and we laughed so hard at the movie, we wanted to vomit.  I know the movie is for kids, but I would suggest people to stay away.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a total waste of time. It was absolutely the worst movie I've seen. It looked like they made it for the money. It wasn't funny at all.  The only funny parts were the acting, the direction, the cinematography, the plot, and the soundtrack. It's not funny that bad. It makes you wanna throw something at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only thing that is good is that the acting is so bad, I found myself turning the DVD off several times and even though it had been a while since I had last seen it, I still found myself looking for it.  The plot is nothing more than an excuse to make an excuse for a movie, but that movie is so god awful. The only good thing is the good acting, the direction, lighting, sound, and just plain bad.   I would just like to say I found the film interesting, but to be honest, I have never seen anything like it. I would suggest that if you enjoy watching a film that is god awful, you will enjoy watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been a big fan of D&D (since I saw the movie when I was 15), but the movie is a big disappointment. The whole movie is filled with bad jokes that are not funny and aren't funny. It just lacks good jokes, and is full of them. The acting is poor, the script is terrible, the special effects are all fake and the movie looks like it was made for the fans to laugh. The movie contains a few nice scenes, and it's very strange that they don't show them anymore.  The movie is nothing special, it's not a real movie at all. It is a bad comedy movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was a bad film, but it was really bad, but not that bad. I think that there is no point in this movie, but to be honest I really don't know. The script is bad, and the acting is bad. The movie really lacks anything special. I mean I could see the plot, but I didn't feel like the movie was that bad at all.  The best part of the movie is the ending. The ending was bad, the movie doesn't end at that point, and I think it would have been much better if the ending was more intense.  It is not that the ending is good, but if you want to see a good movie, I would say this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have been watching some of the show's previous seasons, and they haven't made much sense.  The acting is so bad, that you will be rooting for the actors to get out of there.  If only there was a script.  I hope the producers and cast get the next episode of the series, and put some new actors in their roles, and the whole thing would be better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie after my friends recommended it to me. I was really expecting a cheesy, but at the end of the movie i was really angry. My friend didn't explain anything because it was so bad. I have no idea why i was so angry... Maybe i am too sensitive to it...  The ending is so terrible. I mean, how could you watch a movie where you expected a conclusion that was so unbelievable... it just made me angry that people waste their time to watch this movie. And it didn't even make a good movie! I mean really, the ending is really lame. It is a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie had the misfortune to fall on the sword of a very powerful villain. In fact, if the bad guy could get to his destination alive, he would have probably fallen in the jaws of an alligator, had the movie not been so unbelievably corny. I do agree that the best part of the movie is at the beginning, where the hero is being chased by alligators, and the only one that he can't run from is a man with an ax. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is about an Indian girl who comes into a lot of money and finds that her family has fallen into the hands of the new king, and her sister and her brother are missing...so the Indian girl decides that she should look into it, and finds out that the Indian people are missing and she should go find them. Well, in the meantime she starts falling in love with the new King, and ends up losing the family she had known in her village.  It's pretty cheesy and boring. And the movie itself is just bad...boring. The only thing that made me not like the movie is the music, which is way too intrusive and intrusive. It was annoying, not good, and I could barely hear the dialog... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was for the music and the acting, but that didn't help. I just didn't care for the movie and didn't feel it was interesting enough to make it worth watching.  The plot was pretty boring, and the whole movie was a waste of time. The only good thing I have ever heard about this movie is because it is on so many different channels, I think I've seen it all! The main characters were boring, not really interesting, and had no depth or personality.  If you want to see a good movie, watch the one where the main character is drunk, then you'll have a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say this movie is just rubbish. If you want to see a good movie, watch "Dressed to Kill" - it's much better.  I give this movie a 2/10 for plot, characters and performances. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing that bothered me about this film is that it was predictable. It started with a great opening and I am really glad that I watched it.  The plot was terrible and the characters are boring, the script is boring and the acting was bad. This was not a great movie, but I do like the idea of a movie that tries to make a great story.  There was not one funny moment in the entire film, even a moment of unintentional humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a dysfunctional family in the small German town of Schoenauching. The movie is like an example of what happens when a movie becomes a cult movie.  The movie features a bunch of actors and an endless series of plot points. It's just bad.  It's really hard to believe that this movie actually took place.  Maybe it's the German language, the music, the script, or the director's political leanings, or it's just me.  I don't care.   There's just no way it's possible that this film got made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are bad movies. They're bad. And they're even more god-awful when they are bad. This was just a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with some friends and thought it would be a good, but the movie turned out to be a big let down.  The movie is about some kind of futuristic virus that has wiped out all of humanity and now the people live in giant cities and have to run for their lives. The movie isn't even funny.  It is like a made-for-tv movie with the movie acting being a bunch of bad actors and the movie itself being so bad I couldn't even pay my rent.  My wife and I gave it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's a couple of good things about the movie. First, it shows that the acting was reasonably good and that the plot was good, even if it wasn't as good as the other movies.  The best part of the movie is the opening scene. This is just an OK thriller with bad special effects. It is an OK movie with bad acting.  I would like to see the ending and the credits, and I hope they showed the director's home movies. The movie was OK, but I don't recommend it unless you are really bored. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the middle of the night, and I had a bad hangover the next day. I was watching the movie at 3AM, and at that point, I really felt sick. The acting was horrible, the plot was lame, and it was like the movie was all one big joke.  It was all because of the bad script. The movie was completely unbelievable. The plot was terrible. The cinematography was bad, the acting was bad.  The movie is one big, boring, clichéd idea. I will give it 3/10 because of how good the movie is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the kind of movie that is only watched by hardcore fans. I have no idea why people are complaining about this movie...I mean, come on, what are they? They're complaining about the movie because there is not a plot. So how could you complain about the fact that the movie has no story? If you're going to complain about a movie, do so with someone else.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch The Good Girl Detective. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only really funny parts are the end credits, which are all pretty much predictable, and the main character's behaviour, which is a failure to live up to the expectations.  This movie doesn't add anything to the story at all, and it makes the whole thing an absolute joke.  There are many jokes which are not very funny, which make the whole film look like a bunch of poorly written, badly directed, and boring.  If you want to see a funny movie that will entertain you, watch 'The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer'. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the main reason why I gave this a 4/10 is because I can't imagine a better horror movie. It's bad, the acting is bad, and I can barely even finish watching it because I've seen more bad horror films than this one. It is also the main way that this film tries to tell a story.  I really didn't care about the acting of the main character in this film at all. I cared about the little details that the filmmakers left out.  The ending was the main disappointment of the film, and if you want to see a good horror film, this isn't one to see.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are like me and love movies like "Titanic" and "At Last". Then this is the movie for you. I know that I am an old person and I watch movies for the plot, but this movie is really, really bad.   I guess I could say that I would really like to recommend this movie to anybody, and even if you like "Criminally Insane" movies, you can still see this movie.  The plot is weak and the acting is bad. The plot has a few good lines, but they do not make up for the poor direction, the bad editing, or the bad script.  I am really surprised that this movie has gotten such rave reviews.  My advice, avoid this movie unless you are really desperate to see something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman's life is turned upside down when she awakens from a dream and realises she has to go back to her childhood in order to find her lost brother, and all that she had hoped for is that she will find him and she will have her brother back.   As a result, the film becomes a muddle, a muddled mess, and a terrible film.  I'm just glad that it wasn't more painful than the movie was, because if it was I would have given it a more thorough look. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented the movie on Cinemax because it was so dreadful. It's pretty crappy. It has bad acting, bad script and bad music.  The acting was OK, so it should be great. I had high hopes for the movie.  If you like bad music with bad acting and poor, you will like this movie. There is really no entertainment value at all.  This movie was OK. I am not recommending this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a previous review I likened this film to The Blair Witch Project but the truth is that the Blair Witch films are far better. I have yet to see a single one of the three. The three films are like a bad soap. They all look like they are trying to be the other Blair Witch, only this time it is different.  If you watch a lot of the films I have seen you will notice that they all look the same.  The only difference is that each film has a different name and a different concept.   The concept is not exactly original and is not an attempt to replace The Blair-Witch Project with something more serious and serious. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a big fan of "Mork and Mindy", so I read the book when it was first released, and enjoyed the movie as much as the book. But then I saw it and I really didn't like it at all.  What I did dislike about the movie is that it wasn't all in the book, the ending could be a lot better. The book ends in a very short scene. A lot of it seemed like a sequel to the book "Witchfinder General" or something like that, so that's why it was so short.  The movie has not much of the charm of the book! It is like watching a bad TV show. It just didn't know what to do with the story.   The special effects were so bad, and the costumes and the music was so awful. I mean it was the Mork and mindy movie, not the The Mork-n-Mork-money movie.  My rating: 0/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I am a big fan of anime, so I went to see this movie with a friend and found it to be one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  The story is so weak and stupid that I am amazed that it managed to capture the imaginations of anyone who has ever seen anything else, so you may as well watch this movie.  I cannot believe that this movie managed to scrape the bottom of the barrel. The story of this film is so ridiculous, and the fact that the plot is so utterly stupid is so absurd I was laughing out loud at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the first film in which I have ever watched the acting of Cher (played by Cherie Currie) in which she is supposed to be Cher (in other words: Cher is supposed) the heroine and the heroine's husband is supposed Cher (Currie) the hero. I thought it would be something like "The Man In The Moon" or "Beauty And The Beast", with the same kind of plot and all. However, Currie, who played Cherie in "Beautiful And The beast" is completely unsuitable for the role, and so is the movie's writer/director.  I also find it bizarre that this movie was made in such an utterly unimpressive manner, even though Cherie has a very good body, the movie is so bad it is good. The movie is supposed as a romantic fantasy, which means it is supposed that Cher and her husband are going to win the heart of some beautiful woman. And the movie does not have the magic of romance that I like.  It is so terrible that I am actually angry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film features a young American woman, a beautiful, blonde European woman and a Spanish speaking lawyer, a young Mexican woman and an American woman in the same hotel room...   And the result is a disaster.    In this movie the acting is very bad. The plot is predictable and non-existant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm all for Jack Black, I don't know why, but I think he's been playing this movie too long. And the movie is just not that bad. I'm not even sure why he was fired. I've seen the movie at least 5 times, so I'm guessing he could be making a few bucks a week off this one.  The acting is bad, the story is bad and the movie isn't even entertaining.  I'd like to see a new Jack Black movie, but if he hasn't done something else, he has to do something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to go and see this movie, it's bad. This movie is terrible. I've seen bad movies. I had my hopes up. This was just horrible. This could have been great fun. It is not fun to waste your time on. I am not sure why this was a fun movie. I think the cast was really bad. I could see the chemistry between the girls and the guy was not as good.  I would recommend going to a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title, "Stolen Valor" is not something new, it is not an innovative work of art, and certainly not in the way that we have seen other films that have been called "Stuck in the Park" or "The Park Where Dr. Fu Manchu Lives"  This film fails in all respects. We have seen a lot of bad movies, but this one is so bad, that it should be removed from the IMDB ratings system. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As an avid viewer of horror films, I can't really understand why this movie was made. It could be that I haven't seen the horror films I like, or that I just like watching scary films, but I found this film incredibly tedious. It is not scary, but is not funny. It isn't interesting.  The only good parts are the ending and the credits. I'm sorry, I haven;t seen the credits since, so I don't know how to interpret them. The ending was not shocking, and the ending credits were not interesting either. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is like claiming that the US government is so corrupt that it can operate with a virtual army of armed drones. The movie is so bad it was embarrassing. I was embarrassed by the poor editing and writing.  The acting is the only redeeming quality. The acting was bad.   This is just a poor excuse for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on TBS a few months ago with my own eyes and I could not believe that a comedy about the Cuban Missile Crisis and the impact of the United States and Soviet Union in Cuba would be so unfunny and not to many people, not even myself, thought it was. It was very boring and predictable.  I found myself laughing at the stupidity of the characters.   The only laugh was from the guy sitting next to me, because I think the only people that laugh are those that are so extremely stupid that they give a crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this film because of its cast and the story line which seemed to be based on a TV movie with the same name.  This movie is so bad that I cannot even understand the words.  I do not know what story line this is, but I am so angry about it that I want my money back. I mean, it is not a story line, it just seems to be about some bored teenagers making stupid movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who reads the reviews I thought the movie was so weak and predictable and didn't have any good message at all, but just fell flat from the start. It is an all out war between the bad guys and the bad girls, and there is nothing more to say about this movie than a few comments saying how disappointed they were. The only reason I give this movie a score of 3 is because I didn't like the first one very much. There is a decent plot line and the movie is so extremely predictable that you know when something will happen.  I have to think of a way to rate this movie as 1/10. It was very disappointing from the beginning to the end, and I was surprised with the ending.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The first thing I did was to watch the movie after it came out, and after I was done watching it I decided to write this review. It's not worth commenting, but there are good reviews that say how much I hated it. This movie was a joke. The only funny thing about it is that people on here gave it a 10. I found myself laughing out loud at how bad it was.  I found that I could not stop laughing after the first 15 minutes. I kept asking myself, what kind of movie was this? The movie was terrible.   Please do not waste your time. If you like me, I'm sure you will be glad that I'm not a robot, because I'll still be asking myself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only reason that this movie failed to be in the top 250 IMDb's for the last week was because of the low votes.  There is not much of an acting talent, and in my opinion the script was poor and the plot was boring.  This movie reminds me of the first movie that i watched as a kid in a school play, it had a very few funny moments, it lacked in the plot department and it did not give the fans a reason to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are going to make a movie about this film, please don't. Please do not waste your time making this movie. Please, instead make something that actually works. This movie is so awful that you cannot even see how bad it is. This is the only movie that I have seen that I would recommend to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is terrible.  The director should not have been given this movie. The only thing that could have saved this movie was if the movie was entertaining.  If the director did not take time to understand the humor in this movie he could have easily made a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the title of this movie is a bit misleading because it was created by people who are still in shock over this horrible movie. The title could be changed to: The Movie That Should Have Been The Title Of The Movie 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts out promisingly and we see the beginning of a "nice" story of a family, a mother (a very attractive lady) and her daughter (an extremely attractive blonde woman) with a little girl. This story, however, is nothing more than an attempt to exploit a story that never really happens. Instead, we are left to watch our protagonist (a blonde woman with a very attractive and very attractive young man) be tortured by the mother and his daughter. This, too, is not really that interesting. There is not much to the story here, and there is no real suspense, either.  It has to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and that is saying something. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some good movies about a guy's life, and this was one of them.  In my opinion, this is the worst movie ever made in the world, but I think it should be put into the same category as The Rookie or The A-Team, where the two movies are far better.  If you enjoy a good laugh at this movie, you will probably enjoy The Rookie too. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the end, the movie failed to capture the essence of the story that had been so fascinating in the first part of the movie. Instead, the story just left me flat.  In my opinion, the director should have just let it go and concentrate on what he has in the film and left the story to tell us in the next sentence.  The cast was very bad in this movie. The lead was the most pathetic, the other cast members were flat. The movie is predictable, and the special effects were pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few good movies, but they are mostly just so-bad-they-must-be-good.  I am going to give you the plot summary, which is, of course, the only thing that can keep this movie from falling flat.  A cop is shot and killed by a black cop who is in for revenge for his previous murder.  The story gets played out very slowly, which I did not think is a good sign. The last half hour is completely senseless. There is not one moment that you do not think that it could have happened in the next 5 minutes.  But after that, I started to realize that it is not a movie, it is just a movie that is made with bad actors and the director.  My conclusion is that this movie was made with the intention to show how the US police can do anything to anyone, even black people. The director should be ashamed to himself and his entire staff for making this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've been a fan of a few of the "new" movies from this genre lately. I think the new ones are bad, the old ones just don't seem to know when to quit. I would suggest checking out the original "The General" and seeing how they've changed the title to "The Secret of Kriemhild's" and changed the name to "Reverse World War 2" to match the actual title.  If you are looking for a movie that's a good thing to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the only movie I have ever seen that I have seen that failed to make a point. The movie failed at every turn, with the acting and story making I have yet to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am just reading some other comments that say this movie was good, but I disagree. I really did enjoy it. I did like the acting of the main character. He was very fake. He acted very much like a 14 year old kid with braces. The story itself was very bad. I think this movie would be better if all the main characters acted like that instead of acting like a bunch of hollywood hams. The only good thing I could say about this movie is that I am surprised that people like that saw this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a film crew discovering a strange and dark place on earth and its inhabitants, is a typical Hollywood fare, even down to the sound track used in the movie, the actors speaking their lines and the way the characters act. In the movie this movie is shot in the typical Hollywood way, camera work is shot and edited in a way that makes the movie look like a real movie. This movie should be withdrawn from all stores and be kept away from the public. I do like the concept of a black hat, as used in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The plot line is a muddled mess, with very few details, and no real message is conveyed. I feel that the actors should have done a much better job. The characters are uninspired, the acting is unimpressive, and the direction is murky.  The movie has no real plot, no real meaning, and little or no sense of what is going on.   It is a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A young, Italian, and his Italian friend, are planning on revenge against the Nazis. They are joined by a group of Italian women and a couple of American women who have become obsessed with this movie. This is a terrible, boring, cheesy film, and the movie itself is boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is just awful. The acting is so bad I gave this movie a rating of zero.  I can't imagine how they could give this movie an 1 because of the rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a fan of the series, but this one... I mean... the story is bad, the acting is bad and there is nothing special about it! It just isn't funny! The jokes are... idk... idgy... corny! I mean, what are the chances of this series getting good? The special effects are the worst of all.  The characters are... what are they doing in this?? What a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with the movie is that the dialog is totally unbelievable. It's absolutely terrible.  I've seen worse dialog in my time, but this movie was completely pointless and pointless.   This is the movie that was really disappointing.  The acting is poor. The plot is stupid. The movie is not interesting.  There is no way that this movie made up its mind and didn't shoot it all in the beginning.  It's really, really disappointing, the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time in a row and I must say I was very bored. It was bad enough. The movie was slow and dragged and didn't have much action. It seemed like a movie about a train that was going to end the way that the train ended.  I mean, there's something called the "Stairway to Hell" and I thought that was cool. It wasn't, really.  There were several good lines in the movie that were stupid and dumb. It had a lot of them. It looked like they were trying to make something up, and that was fine.  Oh, and the ending was really bad, too. The end was very rushed, and I mean really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those movies that should be watched with a friend in a darkened room.  I do however like the plot line, it does make me sick to my stomach.  The actors are bad, I think the script is bad and the editing is poor.   This is by no means a horror movie, it is a B-movie, the acting is bad, the movie is terrible.  If I were a horror film fan, I would be giving this movie a rating of zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so bad it is bad. The plot is bad and so is the acting. The ending was awful. The story is bad, the acting is bad it gets 2 stars for the actors and I am glad I spent my time to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a terrible and disappointing waste of time. There is nothing interesting about it except for the story that is told by the director, who has nothing interesting or interesting to say the least.  I have to admit, I have been a fan since I was a kid and I can only imagine what the director must have thought when he made this movie.  The plot is a stilted mess of plot, and there are so many stupid moments that I lost count.  There is an obvious and unbelievable ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were expecting to see the brilliant and award winning performance of Gene Kelly and were disappointed, you would be very happy with the "Swing High" performance of Walter Huston. The movie was so overrated, I was laughing out loud in disbelief at how terrible the movie was. The plot was weak and had a few funny moments. The special effects were not realistic, they looked like they used a lot of glitter on the horses. The acting was so poor, it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The idea is a simple, but extremely muddled, tale of a man's life after his father dies in a plane crash. The movie starts with a small cast of mostly one-dimensional characters: a husband, his two children, and his wife's mother. These characters have a few interesting interactions, but they're mainly there to make the audience laugh.  The story is bad and badly directed, with characters constantly making comments about their lives and the various disasters they've been through, and we're supposed to feel sorry for them, even though we know they're going to die. The film seems to be getting more predictable as the story goes, and there's no reason to expect it to get any better.  There are some interesting shots, but it just doesn't come together in any meaningful way.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the absolute worst movie I've ever seen. The plot is stupid. The acting is horrible. The writing is poor. The jokes are just bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that struck me was the cast. They all looked like they just woke up, got in their pajamas and were going for a good time. This movie just looked like it was filmed in a day. I mean come on! The best thing about it was the music. The sound track was so distracting that you couldn't even hear what was going on. This was not the case with this movie.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "The Grudge" and have fun with that. I know that this movie could have been good, but I didn't think it was very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know, but I don´t know what this movie is, I dont even know how it is made. The story is a mess, no real story, and the movie is very stupid. The acting is horrible, the cinematography is terrible. The actors, the director, the producerthey all makes no sense. The movie is about the stupidest action I have ever seen, and if you watch this movie, you will have a hard time understanding what´s going on.  I can tell you´s a good thing if you don´s like to laugh at a lot of things, in that case this is not the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say that after watching this film I felt the same as when I watched "The Good Earth".  There is absolutely nothing new here, I guess the only thing that made me laugh was the special effects. The plot is not a masterpiece, just boring re-runs of the same old stuff.  I think that the actors are getting paid too much for this film, I really did not laugh once during the entire film.  Don't waste your time, if you are a real person interested in seeing this movie, I would recommend to look at "The Real World". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was horrible and pointless and it had nothing special about it except for one cool scene in the beginning of the movie where all the lights flash on and a car is pulling away with its headlights on and the car is running.  The ending of the film is just a disappointment. The story has nothing special and it is really hard to believe that the director had seen "The Man In The Mirror" with Richard Harris and he decided to go ahead and ruin this movie with his own copy of the book.   The acting was awful. The script is just awful. There is no convincing or interesting dialogue.  I would like to see a bit more of a story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a disaster from the very beginning. The acting was bad, and there was not a single convincing moment, especially when you consider the talent of the leading actors. This film is an embarrassment to movie lovers.  I can't recommend this film to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke. I mean, if it is a movie about a guy that wants to watch the movie because his friends have given him the movie and he is sitting in a hotel room, why does he do it? The guy should be locked in the room with the movie. Then the movie is good. If you have nothing else to do, watch the TV show "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" for 10 minutes. That will be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The story line is weak and has no meaning. The film is like claiming that a good story line can be told with a good director. The acting is very bad, the dialogs is good, and the whole plot is brilliant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a mess. The story was not that interesting. The acting is so bad it was funny. The plot was not interesting at all.  I think this movie should be canceled. It is not funny. It isn't even entertaining.  The only good things I liked are the ending and some of the minor characters.  My advice is don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a way, this film is a'so bad it's good' and a 'good film' as a result. The film is badly directed, acted out and badly edited (and the acting is also pretty good, but hey, this is supposed to be a comedy, not a drama). The plot is very weak, with very little character development. There is hardly any dialogue in the entire film, and it is all very silly. I think the director just wanted to do a good job, but he probably had some good ideas in mind. This film also lacks the charm of so many films made by American comedies, which are, in my opinion, very very much like the original American Pie series, and that's why it gets such a poor rating. It's a shame it didn't get a better rating, and I know it will not get better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a very strange turn of events, the producers of this film decided to release a film about a mysterious illness. They thought they would have a great film on this subject, but this movie turns out to be more like a horror film, even with the help of a few "special" effects.   I don't know how this happened, because the DVD doesn't do the film justice, it looks like a very poor made effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First, the plot. This movie could have been much better, if the director of the movie (WOW) had been a true story/character and not the director (BAD BLOOD). The story itself is completely unbelievable, and the acting is horrible. This is not a horror movie, it is a movie about nothing.   In conclusion, a very BAD movie with nothing good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am a big fan of the genre. It is not the worst movie ever made and i have never seen a movie so bad in my life. The movie was bad enough and i could watch it every day without getting bored. It was so bad it was good i gave up watching the movie after 5 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason to see this movie is because the title and the director don't want you to know the title of the movie. They will tell you that they are making a love story between a former soldier and a girl that they went to school with. But what you get is this: 1) the movie has the title "Soldier" in the title (for those that know it is a soldier) but it has the same title "Sniper" in its title.  2) there are no special effects,no special effects at all,no.you can watch this movie for 10 minutes and still see the effect of this movie.  3) the music is terrible. I mean,it is so bad,it can't even be played on a bad old turntable! The songs are so terrible,so bad,that it is,like a bad version of the "My Peanuts" song. I even like the singing of the soldier, but he is really annoying and the soldier is annoying.  4) the editing is terrible! the editing really is awful, the editing will make you hate your DVD player, your DVD will not support this kind of editing.  5) there is no script. there is nothing, I mean everything. It is so fake. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is very bad. It is just bad. No story, no acting. Nothing. I mean... it is terrible. I saw the movie because it is just terrible. The story was weak, the story is weak. I have seen movies with much better plot. The only thing I liked about the movie was the first 10 minutes... and that was because the movie is not good, the movie does not have good story, it is boring.  I watched it because of the music and the movie... it was very boring... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's hard to see how this movie is so bad. The acting is terrible. The story is completely pointless. The direction is poor. The sound is awful. The cinematography is terrible bad.  I will give 1 star out of 10 to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do you know, you are going to tell your friends about this movie.  I'm going to do it for you.  This movie is not funny at all.  The worst thing about this film is that it's really really really badly written.   I don't care if you like the first 20 minutes of this movie, or if you don't like the movie, you will hate me.  And I don' t know how many people are going find this movie entertaining?   If you want to laugh at the bad movie, don't waste your time watching this movie   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is very very very bad, with the script being more a rehash of previous Bond films, than the real thing. I had a really hard time understanding why they did this. There were a few moments in the film where they showed the bond characters in a realistic light, and I'm glad they didn't try and make the bond film into the Bond films of the 60's, as it would have been a brilliant idea, and more realistic.  As I said, I am very sad to see a film with such terrible actors, and with such poor writing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is absolutely nothing redeeming in this movie, unless you have no clue what you are watching. The only redeeming quality is that there is no story line. The script is full of holes and the ending is the most unsatisfying movie ending I have ever seen.  The director has no real ability to create anything other than an ending that does not make sense, because if he was that smart he would have realized that the ending was going to be the end of the movie. He has a bunch of really talented people in the film who can make this into a masterpiece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm going to have to say that this film was terrible. The plot was stupid and the acting was terrible, the script was so bad and the direction was so amateur that I couldn't stop laughing when I was watching it. It was just so awful, the only good aspect of the film was the soundtrack.  There was no realism and the actors were terrible.  I mean, c'mon, what was going on in the background of the characters. I mean c'mons, if you are going to watch a film like this, do your self a favor and leave it alone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing I have to say about this movie is that it is the worst movie I have ever seen, the only thing that is worth my time was the end credits. If that's not enough, I would recommend skipping it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that tries to be hard by trying to be sophisticated.  The plot is stupid and lacks credibility.  There are too many changes in the movie for me to remember.  This movie reminds me of one of my favorite movies.   The direction is not interesting and fails to make up anything remotely entertaining. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have never heard of this movie and I have been searching for it online. So far I have searched for "The Real Dandy Warhols" and I haven't found anything else.  The movie itself is just the opposite, very boring. The movie is a mess of tacky, tacky tackiness, very unimpressive and very, very, unemotional. I found myself cringing and muting at the acting, the script, the editing, the direction, the camera-work and the way the characters were talking. The plot was really bad and had not the slightest suspense, not at all, but the whole movie was so boring that it was not even worth watching. The real Dandy was a bad actor. The best part was when the movie started to slow down and I started to hear him say "I'm gonna take off now" and he said "I will take off after you." That was just plain dumb.  I was watching this movie with my girlfriend, and we both wanted to leave. We kept watching. We couldn't stop laughing. We were just talking about it in a non-committal way, because we were so bored by this movie.  This movie is really one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I have seen worse movies, but this is really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a rip-off of the "My Favorite Year" movies, and the "Country By The Cemetery" movies. I won't even talk about the plot of this movie, because I'm already very interested in that.  The movie is so bad, you may laugh at the characters.  So, it's not funny, it isn't interesting, and it's just plain boring.  I've seen a lot of bad movies, but this movie is horrible.  It's just so awful that I've been trying to laugh, but I just couldn't.  If you want to see a good laugh-a-minute comedy, you'll probably get it from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is about an alcoholic father who is killed in a bar fight, leaving behind a trail of his blood to show the "good" people of the world how bad he really was.  His death is followed by his resurrection as a zombie that takes the form of a child.  The film does not flesh out details of the gruesome process, but does little to support the claim.  As for the story, the film falls flat on its face with a bunch of unnecessary plot holes.  This movie is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the cinema (a.k.a. the cinema) and i couldn't believe how awful it was.  I couldn't see the movie... It was boring, it was just bad, it wasn't funny, it had bad actors, it's a complete mess.  The movie wasn't good, it lacked the wit and charm of a good movie.  It's an overrated, overrated movie with bad special effects, bad acting and a lack of good direction... The movie isn't funny and isn't interesting, it is bad and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was really bad. The script was really corny, the acting was bad, and the whole movie felt like an hour long. I mean come on.  The main reason I gave this movie a 10 is because the other main reason is because it doesn't have a story. The story was too vague. There was no real story and nothing really happening.  I guess the main reason why I give this movie an R rating is because you can guess where the movie ended. The ending is predictable, the characters are predictable, and it's really not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene in the movie is a girl getting raped by an old man while he is in a local cemetery. He is being led away by the girl's friend. The second scene is a cemetery worker getting a phone call from the girl. They are dead. They look dead, the dead look alive.  The last scene is the old man talking to the girl while he was dead. He tells her about the dead people in the cemetery and how he raped them. He talks about his life and gives his condolences to the dead ones. She tells him not to bother with them.   It is pretty pathetic and boring. I have to say I found the movie boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made me laugh was the performance of the two main characters of the film. The two were supposed to be from the same school in middle America, and it's the only school I know of in the world. The school was apparently the "federacy" of the Pianist.  This film is nothing more than a poor imitation of the MST3K version of Pingu's classic "Kukla, Fran" (although the film does look like a few different films with different plots). 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie isn't funny. It's not funny. The acting is horrible, the movie is so poorly done. The whole movie is nothing special.  The only funny parts are the parts where the director goes to his office and starts work again.  If you want to watch a funny movie, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is bad. The acting... well, if you can. I saw it on Showtime and it was... horrible. It had no real plot and just ended up with...  The story was stupid. I guess I expected a lot more from this movie. I mean, it could have been a good movie if the plot was interesting and funny. It wasn't. The plot was lame and at times it was dumb. I think the plot could have had some great moments and the actors would have done a much better job.  I give this movie a 1 for the acting and a 2 for the comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie was bad and the story was stupid. It was boring. The characters were cardboard and it could have been a great movie. The ending was... disappointing. I mean come on...it was the most disappointing movie I have ever seen.  I think it is a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, the story was bad. The movie is really, really bad.  I've seen some good comments from people who liked the movie, but I don't really agree with them, I'm just going to point that out.  It was just bad. I'm going to give this movie a 3/10 for the acting and the bad script, the bad direction, the horrible, the good directing, and the good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie and thought it would be good, but I was very wrong. It wasn't. It was just a very bad movie. It had one funny scene after the other and it went on and on and was completely boring after 10 minutes.  The acting was very amateur at best, the plot was a joke, and the characters were bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a bad joke about a kid who becomes famous and goes on to make his own movie about a bunch of losers who play in the park and have to battle it out.  What the movie is about is the "fame" of the kid who has to make a film to try to get famous.  In the end, the kid doesn't succeed and there's no one around to make fun of him for it.  But there's really nothing to keep a kid amused.  And that's why the movie can't work.  If I were to watch the whole movie, I would have to admit that it was boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's sad when a movie isn't made by a talented director. If your movie is made by someone who's in it for the money, then I pity the director who had to make this movie. The film is boring and it is a waste of money. The only thing that made me laugh during the entire movie was the acting of a couple of homeless people who spent the entire time just looking at each other and giggling. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a terrible story, bad acting and bad music. There are some good performances and the songs are good, too. I guess the music is good, but the rest is crap.  I'll give 4/10 for this movie, but I'd like to see how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst horror films I've seen in the last decade. The acting was awful. The script was terrible. The plot was so thin you could barely tell what was going on. The actors weren't even good.  The whole thing reminded me of a bad Twilight Zone episode.  It could have been much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the words of the creator of "Walking Tall" James Garner (of The Doors), I am a "walking Tall" fan. But I've never walked so many miles! Walking Tall is about the worst movie ever made. I've walked to the other movie "Hoover" (another walking Tall movie), and that movie is just about a mile and a half.  My recommendation is "WALKING TALL!" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, I don't understand why this movie was so horrible. The only reason I watched it was because I love Michael Keaton, and he plays a part in it, so I thought it was funny. If you want to laugh at people in a movie, and you don't want to watch the movie, then I guess it's okay.  I am surprised at the number of people who liked this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching this movie, and I found myself not caring one bit about the main character. I mean, you'd expect to find an intelligent, but compassionate, person who would care for the other character. But, it's like watching a bad television show. The acting was horrible, and the plot was just bad. The only thing that made me care was that it was so bad, and there was no point to it, and nothing really happens, and it's just plain boring. I don't think there's any point to this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen the movie, but it wasn't anything special. The only highlight of the movie was the cameo of a real actor, which I guess was because the movie is bad. I'd like to think that this movie was made to capitalize on the success of the first, as I was hoping to be the inspiration for a great, great, movie. It was so bad, I couldn't even tell where it was. It wasn't funny at all, but I didn't laugh at all. The jokes were too many, and there weren't enough in the movie to make the whole movie. I guess it just didn't fit together. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie because I was interested in something a bit different, and this was something that was very similar to the "Hundstage" (another movie made by the same company). But I found myself wanting to stop watching after a few scenes, and I was not really sure why, because I just didn't get the point of it, I just kept thinking I was watching some kind of dream. The acting is terrible, the story is boring, and the production is horrible.  This is the movie that you'd be forced to watch if you're a person who really hates bad movies, or if you have a friend who likes bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had one thing that bothered me when I started watching it.  It's that the story had a lot of holes. The characters are so uninspired and just plain silly that it is difficult to care about them, especially considering how many holes there are in the story.  And that's not to mention how boring it is. The actors, for what they were, didn't do that much in the movie, and there was hardly any special effects to speak of.  This is by far the worst movie I have ever seen, and the reason I don't watch films that are this bad is because I do believe that most people have not heard of it. They just don't understand the concept of an indie film, let alone an indie cinema.  I would recommend avoiding this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie i have ever seen. I watched it all. It was boring, and i mean boring. The acting was bad, the camera was bad. The story was horrible, the cinematography was bad and the script was just terrible. The ending was just crap. I mean what the hell was that last 5 minutes. The last 5 min of the movie were just meandering and pointless.  This movie is just bad. It had a really bad ending. If you want to watch a good movie, then this is it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing quite like this. I had heard of this movie but had not seen it. I didn't even bother to check. The movie was horrible and I felt embarrassed for the acting. It had the acting of a student film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an attempt at making a masterpiece of a movie that would be so bad that I would be interested in seeing it. It does not meet the standard of the movie "The only thing that made this movie good was the cast." The story of this movie is a mess. I would have given this movie a rating of 0/10. The director should have been shot, as well as the director's assistant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was one of those films that had some good entertainment value, but it had no redeeming value.   The main reason why I was so angry was because the movie made me angry.  The plot was bad.  And the acting was awful.  My main contention with this movie is that it was not a satire of Islam. It was a very poor effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of my friends who got it with me on DVD have left the theater with an "R" rating of 4 for the graphic violence and profanity and the lack of anything to say about this film. I'm sure you could make a lot better movies with a little more entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off well, with a great cast of characters, some great special effects, and some good dialogue. Well, that's it, I'm not going to go into the story of how the plot evolved, because it's something that is very hard to write. The only problem I have is that it didn't make the characters any better. There were too many situations that could have and should have been explained, like the plot of "The Dead Zone" for example, or the way in which things were connected to the characters, like how the entire movie was a dream.  In the end, you know the drill, you'll either laugh or you'll just wish I had. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  Aspect ratio: 1.85:1, 3/10 (C-)   Eye Candy: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10  Plot: 1 - 2, 4 - 5    Directing: 1st - 2nd - 3rd - 4th - 5th - 6th - 7th - 8th - 9th - 10th - 11th - 12th - 16th - 20th   Acting: 1 out of 10   Score: 1 / 10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been reading the other comment for more than 5 years now and I can't see how I could be so kind to the first comment. If you are expecting a great movie, make sure to look at the IMDb ratings.  The rating is right on.  I'm just glad that this was not a long movie. I do appreciate the effort that went into making this movie, as opposed to a short film.   This is a real shame because of the time I have invested in watching this movie. If I could, I would give it a rating of a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the worst movie I have seen. I watched it because it was part of a collection on "Dress to Kill," but I really wanted to see it again because it looked like it was an interesting movie. It is really, really, horrible, really bad. The plot is the typical, and it is really not interesting. I am surprised how bad it is.  I am really, the acting was really bad, and the story is bad. This movie is really dumb, stupid and boring.  Please, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am shocked that there is a show called "Survivor"... I saw the show in its very beginning and I have since watched it every episode, all the way to the end. I mean, if I had to, I would have left by now.    The acting is so bad, the jokes so fake and the story is so weak, that I am surprised I even watched the show.  In addition, there is not one cast member who actually shows any emotion other than boredom, and I did not even recognize any of them... I guess they are all a bunch of "New Generation" types...   In conclusion, I say, if you want to watch a show, watch "Survival Island" or "The Island" (the latter is better) 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The premise of this movie is that it is about a bunch of teenagers whose parents have a history of beating each other up and then getting into a fight. One girl gets killed and a boy gets blown away and she returns from the hospital to find her parents. What follows is a long series of ridiculous situations with bad acting, bad plot twists and bad music.  I found this film extremely boring and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is not just a mindless film, but is a movie about nothing more than bad acting, bad direction, and a bad script. The story is bad, the characters are bad, and the story is really bad.   The acting is awful.  The movie is not scary.  It's not funny.  I found the movie to be very un-scary.  If I were you, I would just walk out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been a huge fan of this show since the first episode. So many people have said that this show is rubbish. It's actually rubbish, that is, a show of bad acting, bad directing, bad music, bad cinematography and a show called "Gloria". I thought "Vigil" was one of the worst films ever made, it was bad enough to be funny and bad enough not to be. It was bad even for a show that was.  It started out good, with the acting and a good cast and the plot. But there was some good comedy moments, so I was expecting to laugh at the jokes. It started off good and it ended up being the most painful show I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are those that love a good old fashioned anime or the new Legend of ZU, for those that don't see it as a good anime. And those that like it as such a typical anime don't understand the appeal of a movie like this, a movie with an adult (male or female) cast that doesn't go for adult audiences.  This isn't the anime that many people seem to enjoy. It's the kind of movie that only a hardcore anime fan can enjoy, because it isn't that well made in any way.  ZU:  I just think I'm gonna give this one, it's a really bad movie, really boring, the music is pretty decent, the graphics are pretty good, and the animation is just okay.  I'll give this movie a 1.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I were a student in an art class at Haddonfield High School in Haddonville, IL I would have made a better film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It was the worst movie I've ever seen. The acting was horrible. The plot was predictable and all the time I was thinking "what the hell was going on?". The characters were stupid. The movie was dull. The cinematography was flat. I mean really, I was expecting a thriller.  And the last time I saw it, the only thing I could see was the good performance of Dolph Lundgren. It was awesome.  I'm a big Dolph fan, and I have to say that he was the coolest actor ever. I can't even remember his name.  So if you like watching the coolest guy in the world, then you will like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a big film fan, but this movie is a stooge. The only good part was when the last car chase ended and they ran out of film. This is really really not a good movie, it's really just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not gonna get into this because it's not a movie, it's a crap movie.   The plot was not original at all. The actors, the script, the direction... it was bad. It had too much going on and it didn't make much sense. It was not even funny. The movie was not good at all and I guess I could only say that it was a bad film... I wouldn't really know, and that's what's good about the movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found the film to be utterly awful. The acting is so bad that I found it difficult to sit through it, and there was nothing to recommend this film.  This was not a good film, and was not funny, nor was the plot, as I have already stated.  I really do not recommend this to anyone, I do not find it to be funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a bad rip off of the first two in the Bourne Ultimatum. In fact the whole thing is so bad it is actually pretty good, if for nothing other then a little bit of entertainment.  I have seen all the Bourner films and this one is worse.  The direction is a bit confusing and the characters are all so one dimensional I don't know how it was possible to come up with a plot this stupid. The story is badly written and the whole movie feels like a waste of time and money.  Don't waste your time on this film. It will only disappoint you as a person who liked the Bournes movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a disappointment. The story is really not good, at least the acting is good. The script is really bad, the story is terrible. The only thing that saves this movie is the good cinematography, good sound and good song.  I watched this movie because i was looking for a good story, but i got the best movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is really stupid. This is by far the worst script I have ever seen. The acting is terrible, the script is terrible. The special effects are not very good. The plot is bad. I mean, I don't know, just, awful.  The only funny parts are the first 10 minutes. Then the movie goes on forever.  This movie is like watching an idiot with a very weak sense of humor.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie is stupid - if you want to see a comedy that is not badly written with bad acting and a plot, watch The Daily Show.  The only reason I give this movie a rating is because I am not an American citizen, and I do not understand why this movie has a high rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is nothing more than a glorification of the US armed forces. It is nothing compared to the real military.  The movie was just a waste of time.  If I were a serviceman I would not waste my time to see this movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is not worth even a comment in this forum. It is one of the worst films I have ever seen.  The plot of the movie is so weak and stupid that you cannot even make a comment on how awful the movie was. The only thing that could have made the movie better is if the cast had been changed and the acting was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I am not a big fan of Stephen King and I am surprised to see this movie is on IMDb (I have no idea why) and I found the movie interesting in the title (that is no small feat considering the movie is called "The Gathering" I guess)  So I decided to see the movie. The movie is a mess. The script is a disaster. The characters are all wooden. And the movie just goes on and on and does nothing to make it worth watching.  And the music. Well it has some good music, but it is bad. It has nothing special. It doesn't make the movie worth even renting.  I guess it could have used a few good special effects to make the whole movie better.  The only real surprise was to see a few new actors in the movie that are really good.   Overall I think this movie should be removed from the list. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you're gonna watch this film, do so at your peril.  It is one big, poorly made and badly directed piece of junk that is more akin to a bad remake of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" than an original. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie the acting is bad and the movie is bad. The movie is a waste of time, it is boring and the plot is poor.   The only good thing about the movie was the nice music score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a disappointment... i mean what was the point of watching this movie. all i saw was a bunch of people that were so angry that they spent their time writing and making this film... but no one else. it was really really sad.  The story was... boring... it was terrible.  and it made me angry because it was SO predictable... i was like oh my gosh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a complete rip-off of "The Dead Code", an action adventure movie from the early '80s that had everything from the good guys on the side to the bad guys. And I've seen better films.  The story is weak. I've never seen a movie that could possibly be this bad. It's very predictable and boring. The characters are weak, and the dialog is stupid. The plot is very weak and it just doesn't work. I just do not understand how it could have been a great movie, given the talent involved.  It has to be the worst film I've ever seen. I don't even know if I've watched a movie this bad since "The Rookie". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and I didn't laugh out loud once.  The film was bad. The only good part was the part where the movie was supposed to be'sober' (it's hard to find a meaning for that) and when I laughed out loud, I didn'nt laugh at all.  This movie isn't a good comedy, its a comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD on Ebay about 4 years ago for about $7, and it looked pretty interesting, and the DVD is well done, especially the acting. The plot is weak and the acting is mostly bad. The only good thing is that the DVD has the audio cut, which is a shame because I don't care for any music at all, and there is not any.  I think this movie is a waste of money, and this could be a good movie if I didn't give up after 40 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you are looking for a serious horror flick, or if you are bored to death with a mindless movie, this movie will not deliver. The acting is dire and the script is so bad, I give it a 1 only because of the acting of the 3 main actors in the movie.  The movie is about a guy who finds a book about witchcraft and tries to find the book. Sounds interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this movie was about was this:   I am going to try and explain this movie, if I can.  The acting is very bad and the writing is...  awful... the main characters are all bad actors...  I mean, I have seen a lot of bad movies... but this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I was really hoping that this movie would get a 10, but it got a 1 instead of the 10, which was nice. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is terrible. The script is bad. The sound is awful. The plot is bad..  I think it is time for the producer to step up and start over. This movie needs to be removed from the "Friends" list. It is no longer "The 40 Year Old Virgin". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What was the movie about?  This movie is about two losers (one a professional wrestler and the other his friend) whose dream of becoming professional movie actors goes bad.  I think the movie was OK.  The storyline was stupid and the humor was pathetic.  My rating: 0/10  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was bad and the movie was bad, and I am a big horror movie fan. The movie had some good moments and was pretty boring overall.  The movie wasn't very good, but if you liked the acting or the movie, it was not a bad horror movie. I have seen worse horror films and I have never seen this. The only good part was at the beginning when the characters were introduced in the beginning. The other parts are good, and the acting was pretty bad, except for the music.  Overall, this movie is not good, I think, but the acting is bad, the sound is bad and I don't recommend this movie unless you like to watch very bad horror/sci-fi/horror films, or if you want to watch a bad but well made horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not in the least surprised at this film and would be amazed to know that it would ever be made, even if the script were a masterpiece. I was in the cinema and the film was terrible.  I saw the movie twice and I can honestly say that I did not laugh once. The jokes were not funny at all, the characters were very wooden, and I was not even bored watching the movie. The characters were not even the typical movie characters, and it made me laugh twice.  The story is not the most depressing thing ever, and there is not anything else in the movie that makes the slightest bit of sense. The plot is not interesting at all and there were no funny jokes in the whole movie. It made me sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am going to watch this movie and then hopefully I can tell you how I feel about this movie.  I don't think this movie deserved to be in the same category as the "12 Angry" series. I think they were in "Angry" because it wasn't an insult. I also think that the whole "Anger" series was just a way to show how terrible the situation was with the 12-13 year old audience, because it was not supposed to be taken seriously, it was a parody of the old 12-15 year old show, not a serious, serious, shocking thing.  The movie was just not good enough to actually be in any way scary, and I think that I am a horror movie fan, but this movie is just a mess.  If you liked "12 Unfortunate" or "12 Strange", I think this is for you.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, I was really looking forward to this film but I found myself wanting to see the sequel even more than the first. I guess I had a good idea but it worked out. The story is a poor imitation of the first movie. The characters are all just one-dimensional, with no depth and no real reason to care about them. I didn't like the first one much, and I don't think I like the second one at all.  I don;t really think I dislike this one much at all, and it will probably end up being one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought the movie at Blockbuster and it was the only movie I've seen on that site that is good. The acting is bad and the plot is terrible. The plot is not what I expected. It was not interesting. The special effects are not realistic. The camera work is not realistic either. The script is poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I thought this movie was pretty lame. It had no real plot, was very stupid, and seemed like it might be good. The cinematography was weak, there was not much action, and the lighting was dark.  All in all, a really lame movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a fan of a good movie, but this was wonderful masterpieces. The great story and acting performances from both sexes and the great acting for each actor was masterful and wonderful masterful. Excellent music, great special effects, great directing, great settings, great cinematography and great performances by the great performances and great music. Excellent movie! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the result of a horrible script and a horrible direction from a director who is a fan of Steven Segal.   The first part of the movie is interesting and seems to be in a dark cave with the sound of the animals' footsteps. The sound seems to have been edited down and the whole thing is badly filmed.  This is a really bad movie, the animals are really bad and the story is really lame. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some good things in this movie and the last half hour or so are kind of strange and really don't make any sense! In the middle of the movie is a girl talking to a guy who has a handkerchief with a picture of a hand puppet, which has its arms and legs. Then there is another hand puppet that has its eyes shut and its mouth open and the girl is making weird noises and other weird noises.  The worst part is that the acting is awful! The only good part is the music and the voice work, which makes it hard to understand what the movie was trying to say!  I recommend watching this movie for the sake of the music, the weird hand puppets and the creepy acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are willing to rent a DVD of this movie, please do so. Please do not waste your time on this one. Please don't waste your money at the video store. This movie is just another insult to your intelligence. The only way to watch it is if someone has your wife or girlfriend in a coma and you are desperate for your precious time.  I cannot believe how many people out there actually enjoyed this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was pretty poor, it was funny, and the script was boring. I mean it wasn't even interesting. The characters were not funny, which is why it didn't turn out to be the movie that i was expecting. The only thing that kept me watching was that it was so bad i had to stop watching. It had some good jokes and some very good performances, but overall i don't think it turned out to the best.   The movie wasn't funny at all, so the movie didn't worth it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was reading the comments for this movie, I found myself agreeing with most of them.  The movie is so bad, so bad and has so many plot holes that I can't even remember to stop laughing. I'm sure I did.  It is really sad when a movie like this gets released to the public. I am sorry, I am sick of bad movies, and I am ashamed to have wasted time watching this one.  I hope that whoever thought of this movie should be embarrassed to have made such a terrible movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I had seen this film on the Mplex channel and found it very disappointing.  The plot was weak, there wasn't enough character development. It also seemed like there was too much going on.   The acting was bad and the special effects were bad.  I really did not like the movie.  It wasn't realistic.  There was no plot.  And the ending...wow...there was no closure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a lot of ways this movie reminded me of something my kids have seen a million times before, but I think I could do a better job of it.  I did spot some nice looking cars and a couple of really good looking teens, but they were about all I could see.  In the end the movie was about an autistic girl that gets revenge on her tormentors, but gets what she deserves.  If you want to watch a good movie, then watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is a pity that this is not a movie that people will be interested in.  The story is not good at all, there is no real plot, no real direction, nothing.  People have to make up their own minds, make up with their own actions and their own thoughts.   My advice would be to stay clear of this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was very very, very bad, very fake, very artificial. The plot was lame, the story very uninteresting, the whole thing was very boring.    The movie is like watching a bad documentary.  The actors were horrible, the script was awful, and the story was so terrible.  This is a typical "American Pie" meets "Animal House" meets...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't see why this movie got such a bad rating, but I can only surmise that the movie had so many bad actors that it had to throw them in the mix.  I have to admit, I am a big Ramones fan and am very happy to see such a funny movie.    However, the rest of the movie is awful. It's nothing special, and I couldn't stop laughing because of it. I laughed out loud to the end of the film and counted at least five other people doing the same.  The movie was so bad that I gave it a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In a very short time, the movie went from bad movie to something much worse. It got worse when the movie got to the very end. The ending was very bad, the ending was bad and the ending could have been much better.  It wasn't even funny.  This movie is about a kid who gets his mom to watch a show with her friends. During the show, the girl he's with gets killed by his mom's friend's pet.  So the mom and the girl who's killed gets freaked out and kills them. Then the mom freaks out and freaks the mom out.  Then the dad freaks them out. He gets freaky freaky and kills the girl and the dad gets freakfreakfreaky freaked. The whole movie is not worth watching unless you're a teenager with no brain activity. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on TV, and the acting was awful. The story was weak, and at times I was hoping something would happen. I was not entertained. The dialog was terrible. I could not understand a lot of the scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was the biggest disaster of its time. I saw it with a group of friends. The movie was very very uninteresting and the actors and actresses did nothing for the story. The plot was really bad and could not follow.  I really did not enjoy it at all. I just left the theater feeling like a drugged person.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the first movie, you will probably like this one. This is not even a good movie, but just a crappy movie. I mean, if you are making a comedy, this is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I would like to give credit where credit is due. The plot is weak and the jokes are terrible. I laughed out loud during one of the jokes and my friend, my wife, and I all thought "What a waste of time." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well I am a very avid film buff and have not seen a movie this bad since I was 17.  I thought that this film would be good as a B-movie, and there was a lot of promise, but nothing really ever happened.  As a general rule the characters are all very shallow, so that is what makes a B movie good.  This movie was a very disappointing movie. I really cannot believe how they managed to make a movie that was this bad. I have seen far better movies with far more special effects and storyline.   The acting is the biggest disappointment in my opinion.  If you like the characters you will hate this movie. If you are expecting a good movie with a good story and good special effects like this, then I recommend you to steer clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big fan of Stephen Rea. This movie is, unfortunately, awful. The story is predictable and the characters are weak. The director tries too hard to make it look interesting, and the result is that the whole movie is a big disappointment. I really did not like it very much. There is no suspense, there is not development, it is like the story was told without any emotion. The performances are all flat, the characters talk like they are talking to themselves. I guess this movie was really bad, because the acting was bad. The movie could have been much, much better, I mean, just my opinion. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I'm trying to understand how this movie was made, the budget is small, the actors are bad, and I've never seen a comedy so ridiculous in my life!   The story was stupid. The story is bad. The characters are unoriginal. The direction is poor, the production is bad, the story is unbelievable, and the music... is bad! It's not funny.  I give this movie a score of 1/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I watched this movie was to see some beautiful cinematography. I have seen it all. I don't know how to comment any more. I only found this movie extremely dull and boring. I felt like I wasted time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film was awful. There was hardly anything interesting and the characters were all so one dimensional and one-sided. They talk like a bunch of hyenas who got lost in a snowstorm and who came up with a new name for themselves.  In the film's final scenes, they were all whining about the snow and the rain and how they lost their precious time. They're not crying about how they got lost. They don't even have that much to say.  The whole movie was so emotionally manipulative. The acting was bad. The script was bad and the direction was poor.  I was really mad that I didn't give the film a zero. I give it a zero for the sake of watching a good film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's unfortunate that a director who is also a huge fan of the likes of Lord of the Rings and The Chronicles of Narnia, as well as Lord of G-Strings, should be responsible for a film with this kind of lack of imagination, or else this movie would never have made it to the screen.  The acting is awful, the story is so predictable and boring I'm amazed that the same director who made this film as well, is also responsible for the hugely disappointing The Lion King 1 1/2. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like the first 30 minutes of this movie, you are in for a real disappointment.  The story is bad, the dialogue is bad and the movie is stupid.  It is also extremely predictable.  This is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie isn't funny. There are very few laughs in this movie, most of them are laugh at the horrible laugh track. The only funny part is the "Mystery Science Theater 3000" parts 1-3, which is funny as hell.  It makes one wonder why this movie made it to the public in the first place.   I do recommend this movie for anyone who wants to waste 2 hours. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is possibly the worst movie I've ever seen.  This is a typical, predictable, cliché movie with an ending that is never really surprising and the director's (Mancuso) acting is just bad.  The story is badly written and the ending is the typical bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was extremely disappointing. I'm glad I stayed for the ending, which was the only reason I gave this movie a rating.  I watched this movie with some friends and after 45 minutes we were so bored we left the movie and turned it off.  If you like to watch people fight with each other, or are too picky with your action sequences, or like to see a bunch of friends get blown away by a big, dumb, steroid trucker in a plane crash, then this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was so bad i couldn't sit through it because i was so bored... It was so stupid, i mean i can't even begin to describe how bad it was, or the story of it... The main characters were boring, and the whole movie was really nothing special.. I mean, really stupid... the ending was really really, really terrible. I mean i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone.. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really terrible. The plot is terrible, the acting is poor, and it's nothing like the 80's when people weren't allowed to act in public.   This movie has nothing special about it. I've seen a lot of dumb, mindless comedies.  This is the one good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who reads reviews, I was really looking forward to watching this film. I think I might have been the right guy. This film really isn't good, not really at all. It's not really well done at all, and I don't see why.  I think the plot is a really bad one, and the acting is bad as well. It just doesn't add up to anything. The whole movie seems to go along the lines of "I'll kill her husband, I'll kill them both," and "She can't go on this journey alone." It really makes no sense, and it really does not make any sense. The plot is really dull and just not that exciting, and they even talk about the end, which is really weird.  So, if you like a good old-fashioned horror movie, you will enjoy this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like to see a movie with your buddies, watch this movie. There are a lot of bad actors, and the movie is a total failure. I really don't know what to say. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this a rating is because of the acting and the script. All I can see about this movie are a bunch of clichés and the actors, who were obviously all professionals, just simply failed to come together and give the audience something to watch.  The movie is, simply, dull. It's not funny. It is not interesting.  If you want a fun and somewhat twisted film, watch The Naked Gun with Owen Wilson, but don't expect anything great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of this movie is really stupid. The whole movie is filled with unnecessary plot holes, and the movie is just a collection of cliches, clichés, and self-indulgence.  The only good comment i could make about this movie would be "Don't waste your time on this movie, you will be sorry." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title "The Good Life" is a misappropriation of "Good Times."  The plot is ridiculous, the dialogue is uninteresting and the performances are not even the good performances.  It is a shame that this movie was a masterpiece of several great actors and one of the worst films ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an awful movie. It has the potential to be a great masterpiece. I watched it because I am an avid viewer of all horror and I love a good film. I think the movie is good in the first hour or so. It is actually better than the first horror classic ever. The acting was good and there was the potential of great special effects. It really seemed that they used all of the special effects in great style.  The plot is very predictable. The movie could have been a great story, but it is really not good. The characters are not good, and the story is really dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the early '90s, I had seen a lot of bad horror movies, and this one was a big disappointment. I thought it was an alright horror flick, but was it?  I watched it for 45 minutes, and the ending was completely pointless. It's a real bore.  It's like the movie was completely uninteresting and didn't make any sense at all.  The movie's story is about a man who gets a phone call from a police officer. He doesn't know who to call, but he doesn't really care.  Then he gets stabbed in the chest, and wakes up in a hospital.  What happened?  Oh, that was the ending.  So the movie isn't worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is quite bad, really. I mean, it's a movie. A movie that looks like it could be one of those "Scream" or "A Nightmare On Elm Street" meets "The Goonies" meets a "B" horror movie with an OK soundtrack. So, if you enjoy those types of movies, I would recommend you to stay away.  I think this movie is a waste of 92 minutes and I'll never recommend it to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been over a year now since I saw this movie, and after seeing it again, I can't really remember anything more about it than that.  The plot was weak, and at one point the entire plot was stretched out and ended.   There was a lot of unnecessary gore, and there was also some nudity.  A few characters were very interesting, but the rest of the movie is not interesting.  My biggest complaint with this movie is that there was no gore, it was just boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not worth spending a second of my life, even though I would have given it a shot had I been around. I am sure that I would not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was the first film I ever saw that had a good plot and was entertaining to watch. I had been looking for this movie for quite some time and finally found it on the IMDb site.  I was surprised to find this movie to be so bad. It had a very low budget and looked like a really good film. The movie was very confusing, it had very poor special effects, and looked very real.  As far as the story goes, I'm going to have to say I don't know what to say. It's not believable and I do think the actors played it very seriously.  The only really good thing about this movie was that it wasn't funny. It seemed to be a very stupid movie. The plot was not very original and the acting was not bad.   It really does give a bad impression of a bad film and it really doesn't need to be that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not even a remake, let alone a sequel, but a remake with some new stuff, like new story lines, new camera angles, new lighting effects, etc. It does look like the remake of the original, and it is not even that. I did like the "new" music, and I was disappointed that the original had not been made any better.  The script was awful, and the directing is not bad.   The ending was not good. I don't understand how this movie was supposed to end. The only thing that made me happy was the new music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a terrible rip off of the other movie "Punisher" starring the legendary Bruce Lee, who has managed to escape the censors and get some major distribution deals. He's got this movie from the guy who made the original "Punch-Ass" and it's basically a remake of his earlier work. He goes over the top and has a group of people fight in a stadium and Bruce Lee is the greatest martial arts star of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning of the movie, there is nothing. I can't believe this movie could be based on actual facts. I am shocked at how many people are going to question this movie after seeing it.  The story is about an old man that comes across a website and he ends up seeing a lot of different things. The story goes no where.   I am not going to go on, because it's not the best movie I've ever seen. It's the worst movie I have ever seen in my life.  I do wish that there was more of a focus on what the story was trying to tell us. I have seen a lot bad movies and I've seen nothing as bad as this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I remember seeing the movie in the early '90s. It was a bad rip off of the original movie. The plot was dumb and the ending was predictable. I don't know what was up with this movie! I guess I'll just have to take the movie back and watch the original! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is not good. I've seen some good movies with the same idea, but this movie is so bad, it's good.   I'm sure that the people who watched it didn't see the plot. It's just not that good. It just wasn't funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a male, so I really had high expectations. I didn't really know what to expect but I expected to be able to enjoy it, which is one of the reasons I rated it so low. I found it boring and predictable and a bad slap in the face to the "boy's club" mentality. I felt like it was more like an old porno than a movie. I was bored by the characters. I think the movie itself is about a bunch of boys who are going through the same things as girls and the guys who were with them. The movie is boring. There is nothing special about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I watched this movie, but I don't know if it was a bad horror film, a horror comedy or a comedy. There are some scenes in this movie that are just plain strange. It reminds me of the "Silent Hill" series, except in this case the characters are the only sane ones in the whole movie.   As I was watching this movie I was looking for something more, but this is just an excuse for a movie that is supposed to be scary, and it really wasn't scary at all.  I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone except for those who want to see a good horror film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, the story uninteresting, and the script was horrible. There is no real mystery to this movie, and no real suspense, and you can not even recognize who is the good guy.  If I would have watched this movie in a high school acting class, they would have laughed at me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was absolutely terrible, and was even the worst movie i've seen. The acting was bad, the writing was horrible, and the story is awful. The plot is bad, and just boring. The only good part is the ending. I was really hoping that it would get better, but it didn't. The ending was a major disappointment. The special effects are horrible. I mean, the special effects were like they should be used for horror flicks, not a comedy film.  This movie is like one of those movies that was so bad it was good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole thing about this film is very stupid and pathetic, as far as I am concerned. The acting is poor, the script is bad, and the only real good part is the last twenty minutes of the film. The only really good parts are the last ten minutes of The Dead Code.  I don't know how this film was able to attract so many viewers to watch it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, the script of the movie is totally unbelievable. This movie is just about laughable. I know that there are some good horror stories that can still be scary, but the movie was just plain silly. I mean, it's just not scary!  I was shocked to see that this movie had nothing to do with the real "Night of the Demons". The script is like a completely different story and no explanation was given.  So if you want to watch a good horror movie, I suggest you watch "Night Of The Demons" instead.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you see this movie, don't. You will ruin the movie for yourself. I mean, I don't think I'll watch it unless someone has a gun to my head and then....maybe. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie on late night TV because it's a good movie. But I was wrong. I had the movie wrong. It was not a good, fun movie. It's just a pathetic little movie with a very few laughs and very, very bad acting.  The only thing that made this movie better than "Carmilla" is that the plot is a bit different from "Carnival of Souls".  This movie is a bunch of old people that just rented the movie for a few laughs. The story was a bit too old, but it still wasn't a good story.  I guess if you just don't laugh, then you will think it's stupid. It could be a good plot, but the movie is just a mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of time and could of been avoided altogether. I just saw it again today on TCM and could barely sit through it. It was so bad it was funny. I have laughed out loud at it. The movie reminded me of The Naked Gun and The Matrix. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is like an episode of a modern horror show with the same theme, a female ghost. This is not just a horror film with a few monsters and ghosts. This movie is a rip off of the "Strangers" series from the late 90's.   If you like to watch horror, or horror, this is not one to go. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off interesting as an adaptation of Stephen King's book, The Great Sorcerer. I thought it was a pretty bad adaptation.  I watched this movie for 90 minutes with very little enjoyment and ended up disliking it more than half of the time. It didn't make much sense. The main character is a young girl who doesn't seem to have much of a personality. Her parents are both dead. She lives with her father and his brother. I think the only thing that made this movie even slightly entertaining was the acting.  If you don't get bored by the horrible acting, you will not enjoy the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is really badly directed and badly acted. The script is the worst ever. The music is boring. The movie is bad.  I don't know if it was the director who made the movie or his assistant. The acting is bad as well. I really didn't care for any of the characters, the director made a joke about the worst acting he's ever done and the movie was terrible.   I guess I could say I watched this movie because it's a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are many bad movies in Hollywood that have been so bad they are good. This is one of them.  In this movie, an alcoholic father takes his son to a small bar where he is forced to pick up a girl. And, after the son picks up a woman and asks her name, "What's up?" The woman gives him a fake-life, with a girl that looks like a Barbie. And the movie goes on.  This movie is about a drunk father who picks up his daughter off the street, takes her home, takes a bath with her and has his child.  But after he's finished, he gets up, walks over to his daughter and asks if she had fun.  The father then proceeds to get into the bath with his daughter, who's now crying because of the terrible thing she did, and asks the father to come over.  Well, the father says, "I have not seen you since the day I picked you up, and I really am very concerned."  The drunk father then walks over and takes the daughter out and they get in the car and leave together.  After a few minutes, the drunk father tells the daughter that she should not have done this. He also tells her that he should never have picked up the girl.  He then takes the girl to the bar and orders her to get in with his wife.   But the drunk dad tells the girl he will take her home.  What the girl does next is a big disaster. She gets in the bar, gets drunk, gets in another car with him, gets a ride with another woman, and the drunk-dad leaves the girl alone with a bunch of drunk people.  And the rest is sadder. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main character (Nick, his partner Zoe and their mutual friend) goes out with a group of friends for a weekend to the beach and they go to the bathroom to take a leak (which is the first place Nick can get away from the group). They all get naked and Nick and his friends take their clothes off, but Zoe stays put on the bed. They go back to the house and have sex in the dark, in the middle of the night, in broad daylight, and in front of the group of naked people.  It is a stupid movie with bad acting, terrible dubbing, poor Direction, bad Direction and bad music. Nick should not have made this film. He has a good career ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm glad I didn't waste my time watching this movie. The script is very weak and the movie is badly directed. I'm not sure why they cut out scenes. It's just not realistic to show a person walking around with their head in their hands while watching a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie is so bad it is good. I am glad the first reviewer gave this movie a 2 because I am shocked by how much I rated it at. I have watched every movie this year but this one is the worst ever. If I can, I will stop watching this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a matter of fact, the director should have changed his name to: "I'm not even going to waste your time writing a summary of the film..."  The film starts with a bang bang as our hero and his buddies are making their way into the cave to get the Lizard, and you know what, it isn't going to end that well, as a group of them decide to take it in the jaws of the beast and take it to the mouth. The characters are weak, the film is weak, and the film just doesn't add up to anything close to the fun experience I had with it.  The Lizard was an alright film, and it wasn't a fun one. It was a really lame effort, and as such, I guess I should give it the benefit of the doubt, even though I'm not a huge fan of bad films.  If you like watching a really bad film, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't believe this movie was not banned in Sweden. The movie was shown on TV in 2006 and I was really amazed by it, the acting was horrible and the plot was stupid. It was so bad that I have contacted the Swedish police and the police are currently investigating this case.  I am really glad that they found out about this movie, I would love to see a copy of it. I have seen all of the other movies in this category and this one is no different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a sad and boring excuse for a film. The film starts promisingly enough. The first 5 minutes is exciting but is so predictable I almost fell asleep before it was over. The characters are so unconvincing of anything other than sex and money that I could not even begin to pay for this film... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not sure how this movie was filmed, or if it was even shot on video.  It is like the old American Pie movies, where a boy, who is still in a coma and dreams of the day of the big football game, and the end result of that dream.   It has one of the worst soundtracks I've ever heard. It sounds like a teenager's voice.  The acting is poor. The plot is poor, and nothing special happens. The only good thing in the movie is the ending. It seems to have a lot of potential, but not realized.  There is no character development, and there is no real plot.  I think this movie needs to be shot in a special way. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie about an Australian family in the country's most dysfunctional suburbs has been likened to the family drama "A house of mirrors". This movie is like a soap opera - bad actors, bad writing, bad direction, bad music. The script is like an Australian soap, with a very bad acting and poor story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm very impressed by the fact that this movie has a good cast. The story is very silly, the humor is very corny, and the whole thing comes across as a complete waste of good cast members.  If you like watching a movie that has a plot that is actually interesting (and it IS), then this movie isn't good enough.  This movie really isn't too bad and the cast isn't bad at all, but I don't recommend it to anyone who likes to watch a movie for the sake of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this film had been made as a 10 minute short movie, it would have been much, much longer.  The story is bad. I really think the movie was rushed and edited.  All the acting is bad, and the plot is... The movie is so bad, that it's good.  Please, do not waste your time watching this film, even if you want to laugh at it.  If you want a good laugh, watch a bad 10 minute comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on the Mplex channel about 3-4 years ago, so I was expecting something great to come up next, and was right. Well, the movie is nothing but a stalker movie. It's horrible. The acting is bad, the plot is non-existent, and the movie's main character is an old, un-dressed housewife with a long-hair.   So I'm giving it a 1 out of 10, because it has a good story, and it makes me wonder what made the producers think it would be a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has two good points.  Firstly, the cast and crew were not in the right state of mind to be able to come together and work properly. Secondly, the acting was so bad that it was painful.  All of these things are good, because the movie is a complete waste.  I have seen bad movies, and this was bad. I could not see any real humour or real feeling in this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say, this movie was awful. It looked like a very bad movie. The acting is bad, the movie is boring and it made me wonder why it made the effort to show this to the viewer. There were no decent looking people in the movie. No interesting shots. No special effects. The movie was so bad, I couldn't stop laughing. It was all over the place, I guess that's why it was so hard to take it seriously. It made me think of how bad this movie is.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie a rating is the fact that it stars the two main actors. They are the main reason to give this film such a poor rating.  It really seems that this was one of the worst comedies I have ever seen. The jokes are lame and unoriginal and the script is non-existent.  The acting is bad and the jokes are terrible. The special effects are OK and the movie is a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a terrible movie. It was bad, it was very very boring, and very boring. The characters were weak, I mean really weak. The plot was very boring and I mean not only that the story was boring, but the movie was bad.  I think it was better than the other movies of the same genre.  But don't go for the laugh.  This movie should be banned for all the laughs it can give. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some bad movie before.  and one of those bad movie was this.... ...  ... and I'm not a big one.  OK....   So.... The movie is bad. The music is OK, the acting is bad, and I really can't understand how this movie could get made and still be watchable.  But this movie was terrible.  And the movie was not good at all.  So... The movie just turned me off...   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was terrible. The ending is a bad idea. It could have been a great masterpiece, if they could have made it in the first place. The special effects are okay, the plot is bad, and the characters are boring.  The only good parts were in the beginning and middle of the movie. And I have seen better movies with more special effects and plot.   I do like how they played around with the ending. They should of just changed it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm not going to lie and say this movie is a masterpiece. It is not a film. It's a waste of time.  I am not going say that this movie was terrible. I found the movie to be very boring and disappointing.  The movie is like a typical bad movie.    I did like the fact that the story line of the movie was not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen some pretty bad movies, but this one takes the cake. The script is extremely weak, and the plot is poor, and most of the movie takes place at a shopping mall.  It's obvious that the mall is going to be shot up in the middle of the film, and that makes it even more pointless.  The movie is pretty boring, the characters are a bunch of annoying characters, and it takes forever before anything really happens. The characters are not particularly interesting, and you can tell that the director wanted to shoot something else entirely.  In conclusion, a waste of $6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, all of the acting was bad and the story was boring and had no real plot. So I guess it's just that it's bad.  In conclusion, if you like the movies of the 90's and early 00's, you will like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a waste!   I think this movie is one of the worst films I've ever seen.  It was extremely boring, with the cast talking to each other at the end of the movie. The movie was so very predictable, that when the movie ended, I had no urge to fast forward, but just sat there and looked at the screen. The story was too unbelievable, and could have been so much better.  The movie is so bad, that I'm glad I didn't spend money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you see this, AVOID IT! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The title should give you a sense of what I'm talking about.   I was excited to see this film and was really looking forward to it. It was so disappointing, I wanted to leave. It could have been a great film, but I think I had to endure it because it wasn't good enough. The plot was weak, the acting was bad, and the special effects were bad.  This movie was an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the story of a lonely middle aged businessman, Michael, and his wife, Catherine, who get into an argument.   When Catherine, a young woman, starts getting phone calls from her sister and her husband, she starts ignoring the calls and is ignored by Michael and starts to question his lifestyle and the woman he lives with.  When Michael starts doubting his life and the life of Catherine, he leaves his wife and sees a girl who looks like Catherine's sister.  As a result, his life spirals out of control and he becomes a victim of mental illness.  This movie is like a horror movie.  The script is so bad, it is not scary. The acting is so awful, the script is bad. The editing is poor.  There is nothing interesting at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie for $6.50, and I was not pleased. The acting was bad, the script was horrible. The whole thing is so predictable, I can't even go on. The plot is so weak, that I'm surprised that they actually spent any time on it. The movie is about a doctor that finds out that his wife has been cheating on him with another man. So the doctor and his family go on a road trip with some new found love and sex and the cheating wife leaves and he and his new found girlfriend follow her and get in a car accident with a car that is speeding away. This movie is so bad, I had to turn it off after 10 minutes because of the graphic sex and violence, and after the first half I had a headache. The only good thing about the movie is that it is so slow that it's painful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film with my cousin who lives near Lake Eildon and we thought that it was funny.  We got it from the local library and I just happened to be in the right place at the right time.  I guess I was lucky.  This film is not even funny. It's really just a bunch of boring jokes that are supposed to be funny. The funny parts were the most boring and the least funny. This is the kind of film that should have been avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What can i say.  This is the worst film i have seen and i have to admit it was boring. It is not funny. It was not interesting and i am unsure why i sat through it. I think it is because of the actors, the direction, and the script.  All of the main characters were annoying and I have seen worse and more humorous things. This film was just plain terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've always been into the first-aired American sitcom and i've always found myself not to like it. I find myself disliking this show more than once...and then some. I also found myself dislikng "Hud" & "The Honeymooners" when i was in high school...and "The New Toy Story" when I was in junior high school.  Now, in the last few episodes, we all know it's been a long time since then...I think i might have the answers to what this show has been plagued with. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just terrible. There are some scenes that look very funny and the rest is so boring, that it was funny. The story is just bad. I mean really really bad. The only funny parts are when they make fun of themselves. I'm surprised at how bad this movie was. The funny parts was so painful, that you can't even laugh when you see it. It is so bad that I don't even know how to laugh, the acting is awful. The movie has the same story as the first one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot is terrible. The acting is poor. The cinematography is awful. The story is terrible, the cast is bad, and the directing is terrible... The director should be ashamed to have made this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this film is as ridiculous as the plot of the first "The Grudge" in the series. The film is just a cheap rip off of the original. The original was a very interesting film, the sequel is a cheap "B" film. The idea that the entire film is made of a group of friends making fun of the Grudge, is a stupid and ridiculous idea that will not entertain even the most casual film-watchers. The result is a film with a very poor, very poor script, the very poor cast and very poor acting. The plot is predictable and has no interest, the script is very clichéd and the acting is horrible. The only thing that was good was the "G" ending, which was a fun one for fans of the series and an OK one for those who don't care for the story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film was a major disappointment for me, especially considering the talent involved. I felt that the story would have been a lot stronger if they had let the viewer know about some of the more interesting characters and their interactions with each other, and just let them get to know them instead of giving the viewer a summary of it all.   I have to say that the plot was extremely cliché, and the characters were all one-dimensional and uninteresting.  Overall, the movie is really bad. It is the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, but I have never seen a bad film, so I cannot compare. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A good start, I'm a big fan of the great Steven Segal, and the fact that he's made a movie that has no real plot is just a sign of how masterfully crafted this movie is. The film is full of plot holes and is really an exercise in poor craftsmanship. I really like the idea of the movie being about a man who is attacked by a bunch of mutated killer ants. I mean, who's ready to go after a bunch ants? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book first and was looking forward to seeing a lot from it, which is something a lot of the time.  This film was awful.  The plot was bad and the movie was bad.   I can't believe how stupid it was.  Don't waste your time. You will feel embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing about this movie was that it was so terrible and lacked imagination. I watched the movie for 10 minutes, then counted to 10... It seemed to last for 90 minutes, and it seemed like a real waste of time.  I watched it because it was bad and was so incredibly dull... and because it had a really really, really bad story. I felt like the movie was a parody of "The Godfather" from the same director...  I think this movie is so bad it is good... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, a small boy plays a little video game. He makes a game, but it gets much much much worse. The boy gets killed by an angry mob. Then he comes back to life. The rest of the movie is really a big pile of nothing. The acting is horrible, the jokes are bad, and the story is crap. The ending is the only good part of the whole movie.  In conclusion, don't waste your time on this movie. It will make you sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would love to comment on how much of the plot of this film is predictable.  If this movie is made on a budget of $7 million it will be a real disappointment.  My expectations were low because I am a movie fan, so the movie was very disappointing.  The movie is full of clichés.  Some parts in the movie are interesting and so the story may be interesting to watch.  This movie has nothing to recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was pretty good and the movie seemed to be moving at a decent pace.  The acting was terrible the entire movie and the story was completely predictable.  What really sucks is the movie itself.  I just watched this movie with my girlfriend and we could only finish it in one sitting because of the boredom we felt from the film.  It would have been nice to have had a good plot, but the movie had none of that magic and that makes it a real bore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the worst movie I have seen from the director of The Last Picture Show.    I would not recommend this movie to anybody except those who are very easily entertained by The Last Movie Show. I would give this movie a 3 instead of the 1 it so richly deserved. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As a kid, I was very impressed by the very different characters in the film, because they all seemed to be in the same class.  The only reason why I gave this a 2 instead of 1 is because the acting was all bad and not good, the camera work was horrible, and the editing was the worst I've seen in years.  What was even worse was that the movie was really dull, it didn't make any sense at all, and all the characters in it were one-dimensional stereotypes.  I gave it a 1 because it seemed like it could have been a 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is a bad rip, and i mean it, is awful. It is, in short, a stalker movie. It has a lot of gore, and the only cool parts are the cool parts and the acting.  If you want to see a good movie, i suggest watching the movie called "The Naked Gun". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is bad. It is very poor. The plot is bad, there is not much story. The script is bad...   I give this movie a 2 out of 10 because the actors are bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is very poor and the script is very incoherent. I am baffled why the director bothered to show such a small and pathetic plot-less movie on his resume when he had so much more to offer with such a limited budget.  The story is very dull and boring, the script has little suspense, the plot is very poorly developed, and I really think the director tried to show a lot of talent in his movie.  I think this movie would have been much better if it wasn't for the music and the beautiful scenery.   I recommend people to stay for the amazing scene when the bus drops the passengers off. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a bad mess. It's really not funny. It tries to be a satire of religion and is really just another typical B movie with bad acting and bad directing. The script is really bad, the plot is lame, and the acting is bad. The movie tries to do a satire on religion and fails. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The whole plot is about a group of losers who gather together at a bar, where the losers decide to play a game. The losers are told that their group has a secret, that the game will be won by whoever gets the most drinks. The loser takes to the stage and says the game is a bet. This is where the movie gets a little better. The first 30 minutes is alright. Then the guy in the middle says "let's all go out together and make a game." Then the losers all get drunk and start throwing stuff at the guy. They're lucky he only gets to throw a couple of beers. Then he says "hey I'm not drunk, I'll just watch the rest of it". The guy has his liquor and takes it to the guys outside and says "I think I have enough to make the game". The losers decide "let me just take this back to my room, I don't want to lose this".   They're all in the room and the guy starts playing the video game. He is a big fat drunk with a bad voice and he has a really bad body. The movie gets boring and boring. There is nothing exciting at all. The ending is a giant let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a waste of money, a waste, a bad film with nothing to save it, and that is the reason I did not see it. The film is an awful film with bad actors and bad camera work, and the story is the only thing that is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the acting was bad. The story is crap, and this is why I gave this a rating. The movie was a bore. I couldn't even enjoy the characters. The script is stupid, the camera is too noisy, and it doesn't fit together like the movie.  The only good thing in the movie was the movie's ending. It was not good, but I don't know how you can watch it with a rating of 3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie with some friends and after half an hour we had enough. The plot was stupid and the acting was terrible. The ending was so bad that it was a joke. This movie is like a poor version of a film which was just bad enough.  This movie was a remake of a movie which was bad. I recommend you to do not waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm a huge sci-fi fan and I am very open minded, but this movie is really, really bad, even for a sci-Fi channel. The script is a really bad one, with an incoherent story and the whole movie made with a really crappy and unemotional dialog.  The story is really stupid, the ending is just a waste of money and time and the ending was really disappointing.  This movie could have a good plot, but instead it just made me sad to think of how much time I had to waste watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting is so awful that it should be removed from the IMDb.com comment. I've always been a big fan of Burt Lancaster, even though he was a fine actor, he didn't look that great at the time of his movie, he was just plain bad. I don't think that's the reason I rated it, as it's a poor excuse for a film. The story was very weak and boring, and I was looking for something to do with my life. I found the ending to be a bad insult to the viewer, and the ending of the movie was even worse. The ending is just a terrible film with a weak plot, which could have been better if they had just used the ending from the movie to build up the movie, then it would have been great. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the last 3 years of my life, I was able to watch a good movie every now and then, and I enjoyed the movie and wished that the actors had acted a bit more realistically.  This movie was so realistic that it was almost painful. There were a few scenes that were not so believable, but nothing compared to the movie that I've seen.  I would like to see a sequel, because this is a movie that has taken a lot of time and you have to make a decision, and this one is a real let down. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have watched a lot of movies in my time, and I found this one to be the worst movie of all time.  It has some good jokes, but it was just so boring. The jokes were extremely lame, the story was weak, and most of the movie is nothing special.  My vote is one star. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went into this movie for the second time, so I thought, let's see, maybe I will be pleasantly surprised. After all, I am one of the most famous comedians in the world, but it was not even close.  I didn't laugh once, not even a chuckle. It just came out.  This movie is not funny, the acting is bad, and the whole movie is badly acted. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very weak. The acting is very poor. The plot is weak. I mean it could have been a great movie. The movie doesn't seem to know when to quit. The cast is not funny, the acting is not good, and the plot is not credible. I give this movie a rating of 0/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film in the theatre, and I could barely stop laughing when it was over, I kept on trying to look away. I couldn't, because there was nothing else to do, and that's a good thing. I really could not even laugh, because I was so embarrassed. The fact that I am a father to two little girls and my wife is a mother to two daughters is just unbelievable. The acting was horrible. The film was just bad. The music was terrible. The plot was bad.   There was nothing original or interesting at all. I am so glad I did not spend my money on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is bad, the script is bad and the acting is bad... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can't say I loved this film as I do not think it is one of the worst films I have ever seen. The only reason I gave this film the lowest rating was because of the acting and the script which are really bad.  The plot was really bad, the story is not very original and I think that the director could have used a lot better camera angles and edited it to be more effective. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason to watch this film is if you have a weak heart and really, REALLY don't like it.  As for the plot, I watched this film because I am a student of the art and it is art. The plot has no meaning, and I feel it should be cut and pasted and reedited to remove the artiness and make the movie more entertaining. The acting was terrible.   The director of this film must have been on something. The film is an amateur waste of time.  I gave this a 2 out of 10 for the art factor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is about a small town doctor (Jon Voight) and his wife (Mary Stuart Masterson) who take a trip to B&H for an appointment. While waiting for the doctor to arrive, Voight comes across the bizarre book and the book is very, very strange. The book is full of drawings and odd shapes, so he takes the book home and starts to read. While he is distracted, the book slips out of his hand and onto the ground. He finds the book in the woods and then it is up to him to try to get it back.  The movie is basically an excuse for a story that would have been interesting to watch, so the movie is completely senseless. I was really looking for something to laugh about, but the movie just made me want to throw something at the screen to break it up. The acting is terrible. Voight has never really been funny in his entire life, and the other two actors have never really had a chance to show anything. It's a complete waste of $3. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the first thing that strikes me about this movie is the acting... It is soooooo terrible that I can't believe how bad it is. There is not much in the way of character development and, the movie is filled with unnecessary plot holes. So, when the movie starts with an Indian girl and an Indian boy and their in love... I mean come ON! What's the deal with that??  The movie really just goes downhill from there...  I'm not sure if it's the script or the script that makes this movie... I would like to know. The actors are bad, the direction is poor and the movie has the look of a TV movie.  I really hope that this movie was a joke because there are a lot of movies like that and this one really should not be counted as one of them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is pretty boring, the story is predictable and I'm not sure what is the purpose of the movie. The acting is bad, the script is terrible, the ending is weak, and I feel sorry for the poor actors.  This movie is boring, and the movie is so bad, I could not stop laughing. The only good thing in this movie was the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a very bad, extremely boring and a terrible movie with bad acting and terrible camera work. It really looks like a made for TV film.  If you have a weak stomach, stay away from this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script is very bad and is about the usual stuff. There is a long sequence of random events and then there are some more random ones. And this time there is nothing new, except for the appearance of the doctor and a couple of new characters.  And the script is just bad and incoherent.   So basically this movie is not good at all, and it just goes off without a good script. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is the lowest of the low-budget movies. A good movie for those who like mindless, slapstick comedy.  The plot is bad. I had to rewind and fast forward a few times to make sure I didn't miss anything. I don't want to spoil anything, but I'll tell you how this movie was. The plot revolves around a couple of guys who find out they can make a video game together. The two main characters have an annoying habit of calling each other names and getting into fights when one is on screen.  It's very boring, and I was wondering how I was going to enjoy it. It's nothing special, and if you enjoy watching movies that are not bad at all, you'll enjoy this movie.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people here said this is one of the worst movies of all time. It's really not. The movie has no meaning. The plot is stupid, it's boring. And I even agree that the plot is very weak. There are too many characters and they are not able to act. And that's not the reason why this movie sucks.  I'd like to know how could this movie have been the 10th worst movie ever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies where everything is left to be desired and the story ends with no resolution. It's sad that it doesn't go in the direction that it could have gone. This is just a bad film that has very little entertainment value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie with bad acting and very bad story. The movie is not interesting or interesting, but the movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts off very well. The beginning was promising, and i loved the first half of it. Then all hell breaks loose. The acting was bad, the story was poor, the characters were just bad. And the movie ends with a promise to never come back. The ending could have been a lot better.  The movie was bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story was terrible and the acting was very bad. There was not much suspense, not much action, and not much character development. The story could have been great but there wasn't much action or suspense. I also have to say that the ending was very predictable. The whole movie reminded me of a crappy movie with bad special effects. It just made it look like it was all a dream. It is not good to see a movie that has bad special effect and a very bad story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is poor, the story is terrible and I would like to see a movie with some action. It is unfortunate when you see this movie with all the talent. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I saw this movie was to see the performance of the "good guys" and the "bad guys". They played their characters so affected, I felt like I was watching myself. The plot was so thin, I couldn't see the "message" at the end. I was so bored by the constant bad acting and just plain boring. It was really a waste of time and effort. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story starts out with a very nice-looking girl, named Mary, who is attracted to the young stud of a local school.  The movie is so terrible, that Mary's best friend is the teacher. They are in love and she is the girl who's "happily married" to the guy.  This movie is full of holes that are big enough to fly an airplane through. Mary is "haunted" by this. She wants to stay and get married.  I can't get the feeling that there are too many holes, and this is just one more.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a big disappointment. The story is not that original, but that of many "soapies". I mean really, this movie is bad.    The cast is really bad, the story is boring, and the movie is really not funny at all.  This is a very bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this movie thinking it was a typical B movie. I was wrong. In this movie, the acting is bad. The plot is weak. The movie is full of plot holes and is not funny. The film is boring. The characters are dull and have no real personality. I had to go to the video store to find something else to watch. The only funny parts were the movie itself.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first three scenes of the movie are not that bad, and after that I lost interest. But what is this, an absolute disaster? The acting is very, very terrible. The story is bad, the directing is bad and the camera is absolutely crappy. The only reason I can come up with that was the wonderful "movie" I saw, with the cast of the likes of Paul Rudd, Ben Kingsley, Tom Hanks, Natalie Portman and Chris Plummer, all with the same enthusiasm, the same plot, and the same stupid ending.  And if that is not bad enough, it's got a plot. A plot that is so bad, that it actually made me angry.  This is a film that should have been shown on television when I was a kid.  I'm sure some great actors, some great cinematography, but this movie should be relegated to the annals of history. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie a few times. I always enjoy movies, and this is no exception.  This movie starts off at the end of the movie with a bang. It's basically a B movie. There are some funny parts, but that's it.  The only thing I liked about this movie was the acting. The acting is bad, and the plot is poor. The director is trying to be 'Jackass' like Austin Powers, and his efforts to be Jackass are actually good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can't even write a summary about this movie. It is, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen.  I am truly amazed how bad it is. The story was not original, and it didn't make any sense at all. The direction was poor, and the script was poor. The editing was bad, and I mean bad. The sound was terrible. The cinematography was bad.  The whole movie was, in my opinion, extremely boring. I don't know how the director became a director of a movie that was this bad. How can you expect a movie with this much talent. I mean, just look at the credits of the movie "My Girlfriend's Back" - and this movie is, I mean - bad. I'm surprised that people didn't know.  My advice from the bottom of my heart: don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is not even the worst movie ever made. I have seen the movie in the last couple of years and I must say, I saw the movie the first time it was on TV in the summer of 2006 and I did not understand anything about it. I thought the movie was about the world of "Sushi" or something, and it was so strange, but I really do not know the details of this movie, so I will give an explanation.    If the movie had not been about a Japanese high school girl who is bullied by some American teenagers, then it would not have been scary. It is not scary, because it is not about the Japanese. This movie tries to make the American audience understand the Japanese people as American people, because that is the only way that the movie could have been successful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie in the theatre when I was about 14 years old. I am now 29 years old and can see how bad I was then.  I watched the movie in 3 parts, and I found it so awful, I cannot watch this movie with my eyes closed anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm going to say this movie was a disappointment. The story is predictable and the performances of the characters were not realistic at all. There was no real chemistry between the characters and no real insight on how to live.  I would suggest investing your time in something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie could be worse is if there wasn't enough music and not enough dialog to fill the empty spots with meaningless dialogue.  I'll admit that this is one of the worst movies I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first twenty minutes of the movie is a good thing, the movie was interesting, I thought. The characters are good, it's a good plot.  The movie is actually good. The acting is poor, the plot is weak, and there are good performances.  It's a waste of time and a waste to rent this movie, because I'm glad I didn't pay money for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think it was one of the worst movies I have ever seen, and I think I have seen a movie worse. I had to stop watching when it got bad, I had enough. This movie is not good at all.  I had the urge to throw up, and the urge came true, I thought it was just a horrible movie.  If you liked this movie, you will probably like some good horror films, but I would suggest you leave this one on the shelf for a rainy day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of "Gentlemen" is actually very interesting, but the whole thing is not a masterpiece. The acting is poor, the movie has too many unnecessary things to say, and the story is a mess of clichés and cliches. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a typical remake of "The Prodigy", the first one, that is to say. In the first two of the three, the acting was better, the story better, and the film was a bit boring and a bit of a bad dream. The last one is a classic, and it was pretty much all dream sequences and the story was all crap.  But this film is just about as bad as the other two, it has the same amount of music, the same camera shots, the identical editing. The only thing that was interesting was the plot, I had a very hard time understanding what was going on.  This was the biggest waste of time I've seen in the past few years, I mean, come on, what a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the early nineties, the TV series was a time when the entire concept of a "family drama" was a good idea. The plots were good, and the characters were somewhat real, but at the end of the day the network was basically a business, and it was a network that was completely and completely controlled by Disney.  The network used this time to try and get some good people involved, but they just ended up with a complete mess. Disney and the network were both so disinterested that they actually made "Hollywood Homicide", another networked series, which, in a way, was a very good plot.   The idea behind "Hollywoon" is not too bad, but it just wasn't good. Disney did not need to be a network to get good actors, because the network did not have enough good actors. Disney had a good network, and that network gave them a good show.  In this case, "Harmontown" is a bad show, and "Holland Park" is the network's failure. The network just made "Gone with a Hat" better, and had the network actually make good shows.  This network is basically a collection of Disney's crappy TV network.  "Hoodlum" is, of course, an extremely bad show. "Hoots" and "The New Generation" are the good shows, and I'm glad Disney and network gave the network anything decent to work with.  It's hard to recommend "Hallyway" unless you just absolutely hate the network, Disney, or anything to do with network television. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I agree with the previous poster that this is the worst movie I have seen...  This movie is like a bad horror movie, and I don't mean a good horror movie. The good horror fans will find it very creepy.  The acting is poor, and is at least very interesting. The plot is non-existant and is not interesting at all. The movie itself is not scary at all, and just boring.   In conclusion, I give this movie a 1 out of 10... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie twice, I would like to be able to say I liked the movie, this was not a great movie at all, the movie was not good at all but the ending was very strange. The movie is very boring and the ending made me laugh a few times because of the bad acting. I did like the movie I saw, the last scene was very bad and the acting was not bad at all. The ending is very strange and I believe that the director wanted to do the movie in a way that the whole movie makes a better point about a lot of different things. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is the poorest I've seen, and the story is so bad I'm not even surprised if you ask me. The movie is badly directed, the cinematography is so low-key, the score is so awful, the sound is so weak you can't even hear what's going on.  The only reason I give this movie a 1.5/10 is because I saw the movie the night before on my way home from work. So it's the sound of the movie that's bad, and there is really nothing special about it except for the soundtrack, which is so sad, I wouldn't even bother renting it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is terrible and it was terrible. There are a lot of plot holes in the movie. The plot was predictable and the movie just seemed to be dragged out to fill in time. I don't know how many people walked out of the movie theater with the same expression "This was sooooo... just stupid..." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is bad, the script is terrible, and the acting is bad. This is not a good movie. This movie is a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's so bad, it's bad. There's no real reason to go and see this movie. It's just bad. I really can't recommend this movie, because it's just horrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is somewhat good, but the execution is so poorly done that I can't even understand it. I think the director is trying to create a very, very black mark on the IMDb voters and he has succeeded.  I found the movie very boring, very uninteresting, and the acting is so horrible I gave it a 1.  The plot is so weak, and has nothing to do with the movie it's a complete failure.  There is not a single thing that made me laugh and that was the whole movie.  So basically I think that if you're looking for a laugh, this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read a lot about this movie. It is so bad and so empty, that I almost felt physically ill.  I was going to be embarrassed with this movie, I was thinking, after I saw it I would have gone on a killing spree. It was so bad, that it was actually scary.  It is one of those movies that is so low-budget that it is good, that you have to cut it down to a tiny amount to actually feel the movie.  This movie was a huge disappointment. I had to watch it because it is a big waste of time. I hope the producers will never waste another movie in their lives. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie had the potential to be great. I found the story to be extremely silly and the acting to be awful.  I found that the story line could have been very entertaining if it were written by someone with more imagination and sense.  My main contention with this movie is that the movie tried to portray the entire life of an autistic individual as being as hard as it could be to live with.  This is not a film about an autistic person living their life as it would have been if they just stayed at home.   I gave this movie a rating of a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of the movie is so dumb I had to laugh. It's so bad that I think you have to be a child to find the jokes.  I don't know how anyone can find this movie funny.  If you want to see a good movie, watch the old Casper Van Dienen Show. It will be funny and you will enjoy yourself laughing with a dorky sense of humor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has been made for about five years by an Australian director who apparently believes that he should be able to make an Australian movie with an Australian actor, or perhaps he should make a film with a couple of Aussie actors and then be able make another film. The movie is about an Australian woman who returns home from work and has to watch over a couple who have been cheating on her for a month, the husband has left Australia, and the husband's new life in Melbourne has changed her life forever. This movie is not funny. It is not interesting. The characters are not interesting at all. I think it is one of the worst movies ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are an actor or director, don't waste your time on this movie, as you will be sorely disappointed.  This movie should have been named "The Real World" instead of "Criminals." The movie is a complete waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to this film in the hope that it was going to be a great film. It was very disappointing and at times I felt that the characters were not developed enough and there was not enough action. This film is a joke. It's very low budget, very poor sound effects and very very poor camera work.  I think it's sad that so many people thought it was a comedy film and it was not. The script is very weak and the acting is awful.  The only highlight is the music and sound.  Overall I don't think the film was worth watching and I am surprised to see the comments on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie because my friends and I were watching it one night and we got to laugh so hard. We laughed so hard that we had to get up and had to go to the bathroom to keep from laughing ourselves sick. The only funny part was the "Dude Where's My Car" music video at the beginning. That was so lame. I would recommend skipping this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was the worst thing I've seen.   The script was very weak.  The special effects were pretty good, and the plot was not original at all.  So in conclusion, it was just a bad flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good thing about the movie is the beginning. I mean, you have the entire movie until it is over. It just makes me wish I was back home. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a fan of the first, i found this movie to be pretty disappointing. The script is very stupid, the cinematography is bad, the editing is poor. The acting is not so bad that it is good at all, the story is bad and you can even see the actors' faces...  It is very disappointing, and very disappointing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an interview with the BBC this morning, I had the chance to watch a few minutes of the film, and boy, what a waste of time. The first 30 minutes of it were fascinating, but I could see why, after that point, I really started questioning the director's competence. Why was the ending, as it were, so predictable? Was it supposed to be so dramatic, but was it supposed not to be? The acting was terrible, the direction was bad, and the editing was awful. I could barely watch the end, and was sick at the thought of it.  The story itself was bad enough, and so was the lack of any real plot. The ending seemed to be thrown in the wind, and I was looking for something to redeem it. It just didn't work.  I'm very impressed with the film's ability to shock us. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I do? I bought this DVD just in case the kids were bored, and left the room for a little extra fun. I was wrong. The DVD is just dull and pointless. It has no real plot and the kids left the movie before the movie was over.  The DVD could have used some fun humor, and the special effects could have been awesome. It is a very dull movie and the only good thing about it was the "hilarious" laugh track.  I would like to recommend watching this movie and seeing the "funny" laugh Track. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has two main problems:  1. The plot is predictable. There is no real plot. There are just a few scenes, but they are nothing to memorable.  2. The acting. I don't care how many times I watch the same actors in the same movie. It's a major distraction from watching the movie.   3. The Direction.  It's all wrong for the genre.  4. Cinematography.  No atmosphere, no realism.  This is the movie that I would like to forget about ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some funny bits in this movie, but they are so poorly written, and they are not funny.  The plot has been set up in a way that is so incredibly stupid that it failed to work as a joke. The film could have been a great satire on a sportsman who is the undisputed king of the hill, but instead it comes off like a tired and hopeless movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I can't believe I wasted my time on this movie, I know nothing about it and the fact that I went to see it in the cinema makes me wonder how I ever managed to waste my time in it. I wonder how could this movie ever be so incredibly awful. I think it could have used some good acting and a good story line and it shows in this movie.  I'll be glad to have gone to see something else. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing I can say about this movie is the acting. This movie is a joke, plain and simple. The characters are all one-dimensional and the plot is horrible. I have seen some bad comedies, but this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I think that "Dinosaur Rex" is one of the worst films ever made. This is the worst film I have ever seen in my life.  The story is weak. The cast is bad. The script is terrible. The special effects are laughable.  What is the purpose of "DnD"   - To show off?  - to be a "D" movie   But the purpose is not to show off. I just do not understand.  I would just like to see the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the first time at the local flea market. It was a dreary experience, with bad actors and bad direction. I saw the movie a second time, and there was no redeeming value at all. It could have been a great comedy if I hadn't had.  The plot is so bad, I was scared that the entire movie was a waste of time. The movie just goes on and on and there is nothing interesting. I mean, the movie had a plot, but that could have made a great movie.  I've watched movies with the same plot for a lot of years, and this one was no different. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts with a group of friends in their room playing a deadly game of dare with a dare devil. They had to guess the time and place of the devil's attack.  After watching this movie, the group freaks out about the horrible things that they've done and how their lives have been ruined.  There are no real horror moments, and there is a lot of blood in the hallways and bathrooms. It looked like the movie was getting boring and nothing special.  This movie is just a piece of trash. It is a piece that is so bad that it is good. The movie is so so bad, that I will give it a 1 out of 10 for being so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have a very negative review on this movie. The acting is horrible, the story is terrible. The plot is completely predictable and the acting is completely uninspired. The main character is played by Michael Ironside. This movie is a big waste of time and money.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad, the direction was terrible. It wasn't even good enough for the kids. The plot was sooooooo bad that it was funny. The special effects were lame, and there was nothing good to say about it. This was the WORST movie I have ever watched. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, if you are making a movie for your kids, you need to be able to make fun of yourself and your kids at the same time. Otherwise, you will be wasting time.  This movie is just a bad slap in the face to parents that make movies for their kids.  I watched this movie in the early '80's and found that I had to rush out and rent a DVD just to be angry at the bad acting and bad direction.  If you want to make a fun movie, then I would say go for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original story was of a man who was the first to be accused of murder after the death of his wife. He was accused by the coroner of having killed his wife in his bath. His defense attorney said there was evidence he could not account for the facts of the case, but they said the film was misleading.  The film was of the coroner asking questions of witnesses, one after the other. His final question was to the man who testified the first time, and he said "Why don't you take a lie for you are the only one who testified that night?" His final statement, "I don't know. I have to take another one now".  The man's story was the same. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm going to start out by saying that I am not the biggest fan of the series, but I did not like this at all. It was not that I disliked the story; it was that I did dislike the way they tried to sell it. The characters, aside from the lead character, were cardboard stereotypes of caricatures of the worst of the show.  The plot was very weak and the story was not even interesting. I think that I would like to be able to get a copy of the entire thing and just say that I have seen it all. The jokes were so fake and fake, it was just painful to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen this movie many times before, and I found it so boring and boring. I have never understood why it made it so hard to sit through, and this time it is not the acting. I was surprised to see it so many times. The acting is terrible. The script is bad. The characters are boring.  The only good thing about the movie was the music. The sound effects and music were so terrible, I did not laugh or even bother to watch the movie.  I think the reason I laughed so hard was because I was not expecting much of the movie, and the movie just did not live up to my expectations. The movie is so bad, that it was embarrassing to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much here. The movie is like one of those movies where you get a bad script and just hope something works out. The acting is awful. The music is horrible. The camera is so out of focus. The direction is amateur at best. The special effects are terrible. The characters are so cardboard and uninspired that I nearly fell asleep. I can't even recommend this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was the poorest I've seen from an Asian actor. The story is predictable and uninteresting, the story is weak and the directing was just plain bad.  The movie is only interesting at times, the music is boring and the camera is not steady.   The only good thing about the movie is that the song "Mong" by R.A.C. has the potential to be a powerful and effective anti-communist song. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the story is quite boring and predictable. This is probably due to the fact that there are very few plot developments and thus, a great deal of potential energy for the story to exploit. This can also be the case with many modern dramas.  In this case, there is an abundance of clichés and no real surprises. It is like every other movie with the same theme, that is, a modern tragedy.   The plot is so predictable, that you will be asking yourself how did it manage to be so disappointing.  The story has many unanswered questions. There is the obvious question, what were they thinking?  Also, what are the producers thinking? - were they expecting an audience to sympathise with the story or something like that?  The main story is not that bad. It's the standard, formulaic tragedy of the day.  I will give the final conclusion of this movie a '4' for plot and entertainment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    In a recent movie, there was much talk about this film, and it was hard to see what people were getting at. What I got was this: a woman gets a job at a bakery and her brother-in-law (the one that sold the cake for her) comes to the store and gets an earful of bread and butter, and the baker and her assistant (whom I think has to be the baker's brother-friend, as he was the one that made the cake) both have their own suspicions of the woman, and there's not much of anything else to it. This movie is basically a bunch of clichés and nothing special. It's boring, uninspiring, with a couple of really funny parts thrown in, and I'd like to see a couple more of the bakery workers come to the scene and explain their actions, but the movie doesn't deliver.  I guess I could be wrong. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I was watching the movie I got this weird urge to slap my head and say "I wish I could say that about a movie." The acting was horrible, the plot was stupid and the movie had no real punch line. There were no real surprises, no real suspense, no nothing special, no special effects, no good directing, no great acting, no very nothing.  What really was going on?  I mean the story was really bad. It could have been a great great story but the movie was so weak. The ending is really stupid and dumb.  This movie would have been great if it was a 10/10.  I would give it a 3 out of 10 just because of the low rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was watching a film at my local library and I saw this movie. It is not even that bad. It wasn't even that interesting, as the film seemed to be just going along, and I had enough, so I gave it a 3 out of 10.   It was actually better than the film it was supposed to be, but there was a lot of filler, and the characters weren't developed that well at all.  I just felt like I was at the beginning of the movie. The story seemed to go nowhere.  It wasn'nt the best movie I've ever seen, but the worst one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is an absolute disgrace. The whole movie is a collection of boring shots of a house. The camera is too jumpy and flash is too intrusive. It is not funny and not amusing, it is just boring.  I think this is the only reason I watched this movie. I think the reason I did is because I thought it would be a comedy. The film is not even funny and I don't understand why I wasted my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really did like the last half hour of this movie. The plot was bad, the acting was bad and I just found myself laughing at the horrible dialog.  I am going to watch a few scenes from the last hour and I will try to make sense of what is going on.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are reading this review on IMDb, I must add that I have seen no movie about this show since, and after watching this I can't even remember a single thing about it. I don't recall the last time I saw this show on TV. I have to believe that I haven't watched it since. The acting was horrible. I can only assume that because it was made so quickly it was all in the trailer. I even found myself laughing out loud a few times, which only made me want to watch the show more. The plot was terrible. I am sure that the show was not intended to be taken seriously at all, but that's what you'd expect from such a show.  It is a shame that they put it all in this trailer and made the show look so ridiculous. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of people have been complaining about how they're upset over the fact that this film is so bad, the way that it is set up. The way that the ending is set, and the way the characters are just there and there to fill the void with more stupidity. This film is not only bad in the fact of it being set up by the writer, it is just not well written.  The direction is not really the main problem here. The only good thing in this film are the characters. There are no real characters, and there are no good lines.   This is just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie started good. The cast was awful. The plot was weak and very very un-inspired. And the plot was even worse.   The only thing that kept me watching was the music, which was okay, since it was so forgettable and the movie was so boring. I could tell the plot is going to be predictable and boring after the first 20 minutes, but it didn't take long before the movie started to get boring.  The last hour is just boring and predictable.  This movie is so bad that I gave it a 3 out of 10, because I found myself laughing at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that kept me watching was the very short and rushed story that told nothing new. I just didn't like it and it didn't add any suspense or interest. The ending was bad, but the ending was really bad.  The best thing about the movie was the music. The music was awful, the acting was terrible, the camera was horrible, and the lighting was very bad. The actors were bad, the director and producer were bad. I gave the movie a 1 star, I'll stick with 1/10 for the sake of the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The problem with this film is that it was just so bad it didn't make sense. I think if you give this movie a 10,000 people and let them vote on it you will get the same result as you would with The Last Picture Show.  The story line is boring, and the acting is awful. This film is just about bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you want to see a good movie, a good one, watch "The General" starring Jack Black as the titular general who has a new name (Stonewall Jackson) and is planning to reclaim his "rightful" title as the head of the Confederate army in the next war. The plot is weak and the final fight is pretty weak as well, and it's probably the best fight the film has.  This movie is just bad enough, and if you want a good flick to see on a rainy day, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main idea of this movie is that this film was an independent production, it was shot in a day, and the lighting was bad, the sound was bad and the editing was poor. The movie was poorly made, with actors speaking in a very unnatural manner and acting in an absolutely stupid way. It is an extremely long movie, the only good thing about it was that it was not released with a DVD in the box. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie for people who think that the US has become so desensitized that it no longer needs to be 'American', it needs to start being proud of being an American.   I am a proud American, as proud as I am of my country's participation in the armed forces.  I think that this movie is un-American because it makes fun of our country's inability to learn from other countries' experience in war.  It is like making fun of the American soldiers who can't handle what the rest of the world has to live with every day.  As a matter of fact, I have never been as proud of my own country as I was in watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this was the worst movie I have ever seen. The plot was stupid, the acting was terrible, and the writing was terrible. The director should be banned from making another movie. The producer should be locked in a room and given a case of dry rot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie about an African American woman who becomes addicted to heroin. When she meets a man, she has to decide if she will use her blackness to get clean.  The whole movie is stupid. If you are a person who likes to watch movies that are not just mindless. But if you like to see stupid, boring, black women having sex with white men.  I am not trying to be racist. The movie is a complete failure. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read a review for IMDb (I know, I love that, I've been watching it for over half a year now) that said it was awful and that it wasn't even as bad as the other movies in this same genre. The only good thing I can say about it is, if I've watched it in the last half of last year and a half, I'd say I've gone to the dentist.  And just to make it all clear I've seen the trailer for this movie, I would say I have never seen a trailer for a movie that bad.   In my opinion, this movie has one redeeming feature, the music. It's not as bad, and there is no way the director or actors could have found better music for this film.  All in all, don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   A couple in a relationship with a little kid end up with a very serious case of POSSIBLE SPOILER.  This movie could have been a very interesting and enjoyable movie, but instead it's a dull, disappointing and badly directed and acted movie.  I'm going to start watching a few episodes of "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" on T.V. and my wife and I will start tuning into other episodes of the show.  We'll be watching a LOT of them.  The story has a very weak plot, that has a couple of interesting characters in it, and they all have the same name. The plot is predictable and could have really been interesting and fun. The funny parts are the ones that are not funny.   The ending is the only highlight of this movie, I give it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is not good at all, even if you have the sense of humor. I mean, I saw the movie with my kids (7 and 10) and they didn't laugh. The acting is awful, the jokes were bad, the movie is not funny, and the plot is very predictable.  The plot is not very good, but I can't imagine how this movie could be any better.  This movie is a complete failure. It's boring, badly directed, and just plain awful.  I have never seen such a bad film in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie starts off well with an interesting premise. It has the potential to be great, but instead it just seems like it's got too many plot twists and turns to tie everything together. The plot doesn't seem to be very original, and the acting is bad, especially the main characters who act very strange. I didn't enjoy the first two scenes, so I am happy with the rest.  I don't think this movie deserves to be taken seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are a few funny jokes in this movie and they are as follows:    1. My personal favorite movie of all time, ever. I have seen the worst of bad comedies and this movie is not one of them.   2. I like the idea of a movie with a guy who talks with a very weird accent, like his are not Japanese.  3. I think the main actors were the worst in the movie, not the actors.  4. I am not really sure why this movie was not released as a 2-hour movie like this movie.  I am going to try to find out, but if it is because of a Japanese curse on the English, then why was this movie ever made?   I think it is a shame that this movie never came out in English, so that people could laugh at this movie with people from all over the world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I've seen the "Road to Los Angeles" and "California Dreams" movies (I liked them both). The only other movie I've watched with my eyes is "The Naked Kiss" (I also liked that movie) and "The Shop Around the Corner" (another of those films). The other 2 are "A couple of Cajuns" and some other bad film.  I have seen all of these movies and the "California Dream" is the only one that I actually liked. The story has been done a million times and that is sad.   So if you like Cajun movies, you'll see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story has to be told in the most minimal and transparent manner possible. The movie itself is a piece of crap and not in a very good manner.   It starts out with some good dialog and a good cast, but soon it's no more than an excuse to make a movie.  In fact, it makes the movie seem like a good movie. It has all the elements that one would expect in a movie that were put together for the first time:   1. Good plot - the best and the most obvious one.  2. Good cast - good actors.  3. Cool effects.  4. Cool camera.  5. Cool lighting.  6. Cool music.  7. Cool editing.  8. Cool special effects. 8. Smooth movements.  9. Cool acting.  10. Cool photography.  11. Cool scenery.  12. Cool action.  13. Cool settings.  14. Cool costumes.  15. Cool makeup.  16. Cool characters.  17. Cool directing.  18. Cool direction.  19. Cool score.  20. Cool cinematography.  21. Cool graphics.  22. Cool colors.  23. Cool FX.  24. Cool audio.  25. Cool looking cars.  26. Cool cars. (for that matter.)  27. Cool vehicles.  28. Cool car effects. (not to mention cool cars.)  29. Cool ambient sounds.  30. Cool visuals.  31. Cool sounds. (although I don't understand the meaning of the sound.)  32. Cool sound editing. (the music is OK)  33. Cool soundtrack.  34. Cool actors. (I don't know of the ones listed in this movie.)  35. Cool atmosphere.  35- Cool action scenes.  36. Cool explosions.  37. Cool bullets.  38. Cool locations.  39. Cool cameras.  40. Cool animals.  42. Cool movie effects....  43. Cool story.  43 - cool cars. and the car is really cool. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I really think this film is like a giant, uninteresting movie with bad acting and awful characters. It's the kind of film you'd have to see to believe. I'm not sure if this was made for a bunch of friends or if the people who made it thought this was a good movie. The acting is the worst I've ever seen, and I can't blame the actors for that.   It's so bad that I'm surprised that it made it out to video as I thought it looked like a great masterpiece! I mean, c'mon, how does one go to a video store and find a copy? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad that I had to fast forward through a lot of scenes. The movie is so incredibly long that you can't even tell if it's supposed to be a comedy or a thriller. If you want to watch a comedy with friends, you will probably watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm an Muppet fan, but this movie is awful. It's not funny, it's not amusing, and it's just bad. The only funny parts are the scene where they're having a fun time in the house. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is nothing. It's bad. It can't even be described as a movie, since it's nothing more than an excuse to make an empty movie. I watched it for the first half, but it really doesn't make much sense after that. The only thing that was interesting was the acting of Claire Danes and the music of Michael Stivic. If the director had taken his time to watch Michael Stiviano's 'The Lonely Lady' and had that instead, you would understand why the movie is a boring one.  The rest is terrible. It was an OK movie that really should be avoided. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was excited to see a comedy about an ex-cop's reconciliation of feelings with his estranged wife, but I was let down. The first half dragged on too long. The characters, especially the one played by Jason Alexander, did a poor job of explaining things.  It is just a bad, dull movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts of good, i mean it's really good. And that's why i'm giving this a 1.  And yes, there's some pretty good gore scenes, but those are few and far between. So, i think it's fair to say that the movie was pretty good, but not good.  So, there are good gore sequences, but apart from that, i didn't think that any of the gore scenes were very good. In fact, i thought they were pretty interesting, which could be why i thought the movie started to be very good, it's because you were waiting for the movie to end and just the gore scene was OK.  The acting was alright, the movie wasn't good, and the story was a pretty bad one.  Overall, the gore wasn't really good, I think, and that's really all that matters for a movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is set in a futuristic Hong Kong, where a team of ex-Korean commandos (the special forces) are fighting for survival, with the Chinese military in support. The plot involves the Chinese government trying to prevent the world from falling apart by using the army as a weapon of mass destruction. This movie is so predictable, and poorly directed, that it was laughed out loud at a Hong Kong movie theater.  The characters are all flat, unmilked, and the dialog is so-so that you cannot even tell what's going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is very weak and very badly acted, the script is very poor and very unbelievable and the direction is very bad. I think I have seen the worst movie ever made in the world and I think it is a joke. I do like the movie though, I think that the story is a very weak one. The only thing that made me like this movie was that it had good acting and some good music, and that was all that mattered.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film as a result of a recommendation from a friend who thought that I was in for a treat. The film was pretty disappointing, and I felt that it was going to be'softer' than it needed to be. The plot seemed to have become convoluted as the end result was a little rushed and could have been written much more coherently. It seems to have lacked in every aspect of the film, but I did like the fact that the lead actress was a blonde rather than brunette and the script was so bad I felt the director should have stopped halfway through. It's just a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a very good movie, it's a very bad movie with a very very bad script and direction. The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the special effects are so bad I really hope that someone has the power to stop this film from ever being made. Please, please, save the money you've been put to good use on this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was waiting for something better to come along. The only thing I can say is that this film was very, very, not very good at all. The script is terrible. The story is bad. I'm surprised that this could be made by a movie studio. I wonder how much money they spent on this. It was terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is about a father who is trying to rebuild his family and the world he left. He has lost his family, his wife, his brother and sister, and is now stuck in a depression.  The family is run by a church choir who try to do the best with a group of people who are in a mental ward.  I'm just going to state, if I hadn't seen this movie I would have jumped out of the theater. The acting was awful. The music was terrible. The plot was very stupid. The characters were all the same and I didn't even care about the characters, I just hated the whole movie.  It was like a rip-off of the old "St. Elsewhere" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is poor, and so are the songs.  It's a shame that this movie was a waste of good cast, especially considering that they probably wouldn't get a paycheck for this movie.   Don't waste your time on this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As an editor, I find myself unable to find a movie which will not fall under the spell of the awful "Mystery Men" of the 1980's. I watched the original movie and was impressed by how bad it was. The plot of this film is about a group of New York-based "fans" who are fanatical and will not watch anything they see. However, one particular person has a history of making inappropriate comments which are passed on to other fans. The director, Ben Stiller, is the man responsible for the original. It's not a good movie, and it's not good. The original movie is a comedy about a bunch of fans who have nothing else to do. Stiller was a poor choice, and he should be forced to go on "The Incredible Mr. Limpet" instead of this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are really no surprises here, the acting is terrible. The plot is...boring...borING...borb...borbling...borings...borbles...borning...borry...borries...borrowing...borring...borner...borting...borred...borrying...borrowed...borrows...borroking...borishing...borvings...discovering...bought...discovery...harrying...humble...borrous...borly...borse...borrent...borrhy...borist...bornt...borve...borves...borvening...dont...borcy...boruse...borved...borvest...borvy...borvelous...borvil...borving...borfessional...borrel...borried...borrived...borren...borrible...boringly...borrr....borvig...borver...borval...borvent...borvd...borvet...borvolun...borvs...borvoiced...borvable...borl....borverly...brazen...borov...borvic...borunful...borVIC...borvv...borvey...borvery...borvt...vig....borve....borves....humble..borved out...borious...boriously...borvid...borvation...borso...boressed...borz...borised...bority...borished...borster...borish...borst...borsec...borrer...borndy...bor...borrest...borress...borris...borrot...borous...broom...borlandish...borri...borstock...borsel...borstylish...borment...borbly...borre...borty...borrum....borrows out...furniture...borosity...borishes...borrushes...borres...borrious...borsters...borroses...borling...borrowd...borlish...bri...chez...sick...soul...borliness...borrs...bortery...borrough...borland...s...borstapling...borousing...brought...borlands...borrit...stolen...borless...borson...borus...borward...fung...borrett...borused...borzed...borked...borrewing...stagred...thrown...borruined...boried...borfed...
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is absolutely awful. I saw it with my 3 year old daughter and after 20 minutes we said "I'll stick with it". I can't imagine a movie this poor. The acting is awful. The directing is terrible. The plot is bad. The whole movie is bad... I was so disgusted I wanted to throw up after every 2 minutes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a sad and disappointing mess, and it is just not that bad, and there are a lot of people who think it's great, and the director's got some really good stuff, but you can't have a bunch of people thinking it's a great film and actually believe that.    The plot is boring and not well thought. It has some good moments, but the director has to live up to the promise. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only good part of the movie was the end credits at the beginning, which were the only things that made this movie worth watching.   The movie has the same plot, very different from the first movie.  The acting is worse than the first one, and the story is just plain boring.  I did enjoy seeing the special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a movie that you would expect to be a good movie. The acting is bad, the directing is poor, the editing is poor. The script is bad. I can't sit through it.  It is not funny. I will give a comment for the director if you want to read mine, but I will not.  The movie is about a family that has a history of violent outbursts and abuse that the parents thought would keep them safe.   There are a few moments of comedy, but that is it. There are not enough moments of humor to make this a funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've read all the comments for this movie, and all of them were just thrown together in the same sentence. That's not an accident, that's the result of a good script. It was the result when a great cast of professionals from different fields (Burt Reynolds, J.T Walsh, et al) combined in a unique way to create a movie that would be worthy of being watched by the public.  It's sad to see this movie in a theater, the people there should just be embarrassed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What I did not like about the movie was the plot of it. The movie was full of clichés and predictable. There was no development of characters. The story was full, boring, boring. The acting was bad, and boring. And the story...well...just went from bad to nothing.  I just cannot understand how you can sit there and think that this movie is going to be great, but then it's going to suck.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "My Favorite Martian" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been billed in the title, "Tender Merciless," by the producer, who obviously has no concept of what a movie is.  A story about a woman who loses everything and finds herself having a child.  Well, that's all you need for a movie that's supposed to be about a child, which is it supposed to really be.   And it's just not that bad.  What a sad excuse for a film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very stupid. It's so bad I actually shed tears of happiness for seeing it. The entire movie is about a woman who falls in love with a complete stranger after a night of heavy drinking and takes her clothes off, goes home, and gets a call from her brother who says that he's coming over for breakfast, he comes, she leaves, and goes to the bathroom, when she gets there, she sees that the guy is a complete lunatic. This is not the story line of the movie. This movie was a waste of time, a waste to waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's not much to say, as this movie is so bad, I thought it would be a good idea to take my advice and avoid it. It will only make you sick and will probably make you angry as well, I suppose. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first 20 minutes are okay, but then things get worse. It seems that they tried to get the film together quickly and it's all downhill from there. It looks like they tried for 90 minutes and it was OK. The film is basically the same thing as "Wedding Crashers", only better.  The film tries to be shocking, but the plot is weak and the ending is terrible.  Don't waste your time. The acting is bad, the camera is bad and the story is not funny.   Watch this only if someone has a severe case of insomnia. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that bothered me was the portrayal of the 'young'. It was the old, tired and haggard 'young' that the film should have been about. This would have been the film that would have a great story and good acting.  The cast was weak and seemed to be having a bad hangover. The characters were flat and uninspired and there were hardly any moments of real humour.   There are some scenes that are funny and quite amusing but the film is not funny.  It really made me sick to my stomach. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so horrible I have to go see it.  It has been a long time since I last saw it and I am shocked that I wasted my time on this film.  I am a big horror fan and when I saw this film, it was very disappointing to me.   There are scenes that are so bad, they are painful to watch. It is so bad I almost fell asleep.  The acting is so weak I am not even mad that I waste my time commenting on it. The special effects are terrible. The script is terrible. And the direction...I think this movie is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie for $7.50 and thought it would be funny. So, I rented it and I saw the movie. It was so awful, it was funny. I guess the budget had to be cut because the movie was too much of the same thing over and over. The movie is really not funny, is not entertaining and is not funny. The plot is so bad, I cannot believe it is good.  The only funny parts are the parts where the main characters are supposed to be talking to each other and the ending.  So, if you want a good movie, watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the book when I was 10 and I thought that it was a very dull book. The movie was much more boring and disappointing.  I am a very big Michael Moore fan. It is the biggest mistake of his career.  He really has nothing to say about this movie. He can make more movies with his mouth.   This is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A movie should be judged by the same standards as any other movie made by the major Hollywood studios. The actors are not major stars and there are not many people that could act with any degree of believability. It is so bad that I am embarrassed that I even write this comment. This movie could be so much better than this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I rented this movie after seeing it at the preview screening, and I was really looking forward to it after seeing the opening scenes. The story was too weak, the cinematography too noisy, and the characters didn't have enough depth to it.  The ending was a little disappointing, as well.   The whole movie is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a very bad movie that lacks all the charm of a few of the recent offerings.  The acting is bad, and it is only that, in the absence of good cast, one could believe that the story was really that bad.  It is unfortunate that this movie was made in such a way, and not in the most flattering way.  As far as I can see, this movie is not funny, and is very very stupid.  There is no good humor in this movie, and that is really sad.  My recommendation is that you will leave the movie after 15 minutes, and you will have a heart attack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script of this film is incoherent and uninteresting and I found myself wondering why it was shot so intensely in a day time lighted environment, with only the occasional flash of colour in the woods. I am glad I did not pay to see it, as I have been waiting to see the real version for the past few months and I was so disappointed.   As a result of this lack of vision, I find the film very disappointing. It's not that it is not a bad film, but it is dull and devoid of any kind of action.  The movie is shot in a very murky, dark and often completely dark night, with very little light sources being able to penetrate the forest floor, making the film even more difficult to look at.  What this means is that it makes it hard to see what is happening, even when the actors have flash back scenes.  I think it's possible that it could have been a great film if there was no background light, but I'm glad I didn't pay to have that added to it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw this movie in a friend's home. She was laughing at me when I was trying to figure out how to get her to laugh at me. I couldn't stop laughing. My friend and I saw the movie in the theater. We just saw a lot of "jokes" and "joke" throughout the movie. The only thing I can say is, there were some great moments in the movie where the acting was good.  If you want a movie that's funny, watch "Comethings" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all I am not going to criticize this movie. It is not bad at all. The only reason why I even watched it is because my friend had a really good laugh. The film was badly paced, the acting was bad, the jokes were bad, and the direction was terrible. The whole movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is about a guy who discovers that he has been cheating on his wife for years. While the story is weak, the director should not be blamed for his bad directing. He should be blamed on the actors, who failed to give a believable performance.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am very happy with this film and think it is very boring. There is no real action and the film is very dull. The acting is bad and the plot is very weak.  I really could see why it got so much rave reviews. If you are expecting something like me, you would think this film is a masterpiece. I guess you would, it is not. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It starts well enough, it seems a pretty good horror flick, a well made but badly executed one. I am left puzzled why it was not released until such a low price was put on it, and why did it have a budget? It was a cheap film made for the hell of it. The cinematography is very bad, and the acting is poor at the end, which is strange considering how good the performances are. It really is a waste of time, which really sucks. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I had heard the other reviewer say that this movie is just a movie about the Iraq war. I'd like to agree. In fact, it is just the opposite. It is a movie that is nothing more than an attempt to whitewash the war.  I was disappointed with the film, which seemed to try to be something more than that. I am still waiting for the next person to tell me that it is about Islam and that the war is a war between the United States and Islam. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad I've seen worse movies and this movie is bad.   I just saw it with my girlfriend and we both found it a very boring movie.  The plot is boring, the acting is terrible, and the plot is the same old story I've watched a million times before. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to see this movie...it was bad, very bad...it would have been better if it was made in 1948, when it was shot in 1948. The acting was bad. The cinematography was bad...  The only thing that was good was the cinematography...  And the story was not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is horrible. The acting is poor, the plot is predictable and nothing special happens, and I mean nothing. The movie is so bad I gave it a 2 out of 10, because of all the "special" things that happen in it (like the "dinosaur attack" where a dinosaur jumps out at you and kills you, or the "raccoons" from the movie where a big old black rat jumps out and kills a rabbit. But the "nice" parts are the best. I'm not kidding.  This is a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is bad and it's really very very predictable. The acting is poor, the movie is really really bad, the characters are completely unsympathetic and the whole plot is stupid.  I found this movie extremely boring and the plot was poor. The special effects are really quite good.   I'd like to see a better movie with good acting and better special effects. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on a whim last night after seeing it on cable. The acting was terrible. The plot was weak. The direction was so choppy and the story was weak to the point that I couldn't stop laughing after 10 minutes. The story was all a bunch of clichés. I mean come on, there's no story in this movie that was memorable at all. The best part of the movie was the ending, where all the characters are played by the same actors (obvious, right?) and it was just so dumb. I can't imagine how this movie would have been any better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What's going on?? This movie is awful. The acting is bad, the plot is bad and it doesn't come close to capturing the flavor of "Fiddler on the Roof" (another film starring the same two guys). The two lead actors do an OK job of playing the characters, and the rest of the movie is a repeat of the same old, boring story.  This movie was awful... I think the acting is the worst I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I just rented this movie for the hell of it's movie rental, because it was a bad flick with bad special effects and a bad script. It wasn't worth the $7 I rented it for. It was bad and the special effects were bad, but the movie itself was the most boring movie I have ever seen. I am a horror movie fan, and a huge fan of all horror flicks. I found the movie boring, the ending was bad, and the story was not scary. The acting was bad. The direction was bad... the story is bad... and the last hour is just plain bad.  This movie made me sick.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not that bad movies are supposed to be that good, but I am glad to see them made.  I was hoping for something that would be good, because I am a real movie fan.  There are many movies that are good, and this is one of them.  This movie is nothing more than a poorly made movie, and nothing more.  If you want to watch a good movie, you should see this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was so bad i mean i'm not gonna waste any more words, but i will say, it was terrible, i mean the acting is awful, the script is horrible, the plot is crap and the ending is just, all in all just awful.  All i have to say about this movie is, I would love for it to end, and i don't want to see it end.  I watched this movie with my best friend and it was so stupid, I mean if you have the nerve to watch this movie, then you're a moron.  This is the movie that i would have to write an ending to.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is so bad, I'm surprised at how bad it is, but the movie is just so dull, and that's saying a lot.  The movie is a failure of imagination.   It's not interesting, and doesn't seem to have any real meaning.  I'm wondering why did they waste their time on this crap, and why does it get so bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are so many movies that are bad enough. In this case the movie is so bad I had to give up. It's really bad. I mean really bad... The acting is bad, the movie itself is bad. The movie was not funny. The jokes were lame. The plot was bad, and the characters were boring.  My advice is don't waste your time with this movie, it's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen. It is a bad attempt at horror, it is boring, the characters are cardboard and the script is crap. I give this movie a rating of two for a few reasons, the acting is bad, the script and the plot are poor and the ending is bad.  I give the movie a two because of the acting, and the bad ending makes it a four.  The movie is really about a doctor that saves a bunch of people, and when the doctor discovers what he has done, he kills everyone and himself.  This movie was really terrible, I give it a 1. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is the third installment in the Bad Movie franchise. The story focuses on the life of a woman (Johanna) that is engaged to a guy that is also engaged. The two meet on a bus when they arrive in a small country town. The movie takes the couple to the countryside and they have to spend the night there.  This is the first time the film makes it clear that the movie is not supposed to be about the love story, but about a couple who meet on the bus and are forced to spend two hours at a local church. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was watching the movie with my 16 year old daughter and the movie was absolutely awful. I mean, I could have told a much more interesting movie.  This movie is the WORST movie I have ever seen. I really think that my daughter was screaming for the movie to end because of how painful it was. I think she really wanted to see a good movie and it was the movie she got. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this film for $2, and I thought I'd finally find the right movie to watch, which would be a great relief.  It wasn't bad enough. It didn't have that much of an ending, and it just ended with a bad twist that was pretty much non-existent.  The story is predictable. The characters are not so wooden, that I think it's really not supposed to be a movie, but more a collection of clichés that are done so often, that you know what's going to happen the moment you watch it.   I was really disappointed by the ending, as I thought it was a bad one. The story just ended and the ending is what really sucks.  I'm not sure why I watched it, but I guess that's my only way to see the movie, so it had my expectations high. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's like a low budget remake of an old 80's black porn movie. The acting is terrible, the story is bad and the acting is bad.  I give this movie a 2 out of 10 for acting and a 1 for story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had my expectations low, so I wasn't expecting to like this movie, and I was right. This is a poor attempt at a movie that could have been an interesting thriller. The acting is poor, the plot is silly, the pacing is slow, and the editing is bad. I'm sorry, I was hoping for a fun, interesting movie. It ends up being the worst movie ever.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just saw "Buddy" and I was very happy with the plot. This is not one of the "classic" films. I think this is a rip-off of "Fiddler on the Roof" or "On Golden Pond" (I don't remember those films, either). I am glad that I did not pay for it as I am a fan of Michael Keaton. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a very ordinary one, the characters are all so-so ordinary...and the ending is very...bad...but the movie is boring...I mean really boring...like the movie was a real waste of time... I give it a 1 out of 10... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    It's pretty bad that this movie is made in a few short days and all that. So how can it be a masterpiece of such low quality.   The only way this movie can achieve such a low quality is if they make a good story, then it will be good.  The story is about a group of ten people that get together in a hotel in Melbourne for a weekend and they want to stay there and have a good time.  There are only two things that this short film does well:  1. A good cast of ten actors, because this movie really lacks the qualities that you need for a good movie.  2. A decent script, because the script is good, and you need that in order to be able to tell a good script.  3. A well done soundtrack, and that is really all that matters in this movie. Well I guess I have to give it a 4 for that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me state that I don't know how anyone can take this film seriously. This is the kind of movie that's so bad, it's good. I was laughing at the "funny" moments because the story seemed so forced. It's like I've seen every episode of Scooby-Doo ever, and there was nothing new. It was very dull. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are reading this, then I pity you.  This movie was bad enough, so I guess it just had to get the "W" stamp.  The acting is bad, the movie was weak, and the script was bad.  There was too much plot, too much, and not enough good directing. I don't know why it didn't get a "W". It was so bad, it made the whole movie worse. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really can't recommend this movie to anyone, since I've seen all of the movie titles and it's all the same. The movie is so uninteresting, I gave up watching the whole thing after 40 minutes.  I'd suggest to watch some funny movies, like The Smokers, The Naked Gun, American Pie, The Last Picture Show, House of Games, The Proctologist, or even the TV show The A-Team.  This movie is a waste of my time, and I really hope that it's not the final movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am one of those people who does not really read the reviews of movies...but I just saw this movie and decided to watch it anyway.The thing is I am really surprised at how badly it made it to the bottom 100...the acting was awful,the story was poor and the directing was terrible.I do like the ending,it seemed to me that there was too much stuff happening.It was not funny,and it could have been much better... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I bought the movie and after watching it for the first time, I really don't know what to say. I can't even come up with a coherent summary of the movie. I have a feeling that it might end up being a movie about the US, as it has been in the past.  I don't think that I have seen any movie in the history of the world, that has the same plot and the same name, that was more exciting and interesting than this movie. It just makes no sense and does not even make sense!  The story, the characters, the jokes, and the jokes all fall flat in an embarrassing and embarrassing way.  What is really surprising is that the story is not a sequel, not a remake, not even a remake of a remake is that good.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The acting was bad. It had very little acting, no character development, and the story was lame.   The ending is the only good thing about this movie. The ending just goes from bad to good.  The only good is that it did not have the feel of the first film, nor did the first movie not have such feel to it.  I guess I would have to say that this movie had a very weak plot, which just made the movie better.  Overall, I give this movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been over a year since I've seen it. I'm sure that most people won't understand this movie by the end of this movie, and perhaps will be too scared to watch it again.  There are some good moments in this movie and the ending doesn't seem to be the worst ending I've ever seen.  It really doesn't come close to the original story in "Whale Music" or "Whole Music".  If you are expecting to see a good movie, I'd recommend "Whaling Music" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I am surprised. This movie was horrible.  The acting was awful. The script was not good at all. The ending was really stupid. The story was not really good at the end. The people who did the movie don't deserve to have their name put on the movie.  I give this movie a rating of 3/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is a big disappointment. It looks like a really bad movie. It was very tedious. I mean, it wasn't even funny, I mean the humor was corny. The movie is about a guy with a huge, unwarranted mortgage who gets suckered with an offer from a big bank and is going to accept the money for a little vacation money, when the bank tells him no way, what do you do?   I give this movie a 2 because I'm not the greatest actor in the world but I'm just a little frustrated.  The plot was stupid and predictable and the movie wasn't funny.  I think the only thing that was funny was the beginning and the end. The other actors in the movie were so bad that they should have stopped doing it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If this movie had come to life in the 80's, I might have felt that it was a good film, but I don't.  There is nothing special about this film, it is just poor trash.  This is the kind of movie that will be shown to a small group of high school students who are too dumb to understand.  If you want to watch a good movie, watch "Swing High" instead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only real story this is about was the time it was shot. I watched the entire movie in my driveway and found it to be very boring. It was obvious to me that the director spent a lot of time making the movie. I have to admit that.  If the director didn't know how to make a movie that was good then I don't know what to tell him. I'm sure that the cast and crew had a good time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie at least 3 times, but this was the only time it was in a cinema.  The only thing that could make this a funny movie would be the fact that all the acting was bad.  This movie is all about fart jokes and just trying to make them.  I found this to be boring and dull.  It was funny, boring, and just not funny.   It had not one funny scene, and not one laugh line.  All in all I give this movie a score of 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this film for the second time and was very disappointed. I think this film is one of those 'Funny Games' type of movies with the jokes being so bad and unoriginal, that I could even laugh. I don't know if I've ever laughed so hard in my life. I can't think of anything else that was so painful. It was the most pointless comedy I've seen and it made me want to throw something at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like seeing people get shot with paintball guns, this movie is for you.  It stars the same people who played in "The Avengers" and "Avengers", and has all the same plot.  I don't know why they decided to do this movie.  There is no story, and no real action, just slapstick and cheap special effects.  The paintball is boring, the paint is cheap, and the characters are boring.   The only good thing about the movie was the "futuristic" ending.  This movie is a waste of time, and there are no redeeming qualities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is just a short comment. I mean, you have to understand that this is a movie about a girl who gets a call from her father that she has to go home and has to stay in her room until the doctor comes to visit her. Then she runs into a strange guy with a strange history and she has no idea who he is. So, she goes to his house and finds the strange looking mirror and she is completely confused.  Now, there are a few things about this movie that are good, and the movie isn't too bad, and there are some really cool scenes. I guess you just have to see it to understand it, because otherwise, you're going to hate it and hate me.  Oh, and if you liked "The Omen", I have the "The Prophecy" version as well. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't know what to say about this movie. It's a shame to waste time watching such a movie. If you like watching a boring movie then this is not one. I found it to be a dull and boring movie. I don;t like the idea of a movie that has some great actors and the plot is weak and the ending is just plain bad.   The movie is not good at all, it's not entertaining. I mean come on.... the movie was not interesting and I don't think I' m going to spend more time talking about it. The only thing that was entertaining was the acting of the female characters in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie with my kids (ages 10-12) and they liked it. It was not that bad, there was not one funny scene, it was dull and boring.  The ending was not what I expected it to be like. It had no meaning, and the ending was just strange. The rest was not good, and I think I could take the movie in my hand and shoot it.  I did like the movie, I don't really care for the rest of the movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As a big fan of the old B.W. movie, I was pleased to find out about this movie. I was a big B.L.S. fan back in the late '70s and the first ever "B" movie I ever saw. I found the movie boring and uninteresting. I didn't even bother watching it in the '80s. The acting was bad and the direction was bad.  So I thought, OK, now I want to get my money's worth. Well, I guess I was disappointed. This movie had a few good scenes and it was pretty disappointing.  I'm glad I didn;t spend the money to see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is absolutely crap. The movie is not funny. It is not entertaining.  I have to admit, I laughed a lot of times throughout. The humor is pathetic. The characters are not funny at all.   I am glad i wasted 2 hours of my life on this crap movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    Well, I really didn't like this movie. It was so badly written, it was really boring. The acting was bad, the script was terrible. It could have been a great great movie if it was well-directed. It wasn't. The only reason I give this movie a 3 is because of the acting. The special effects were not that great, I think. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the film is shot in black and white (the cinematography is awful, the lighting is terrible and the film-making is amateurish), the story is bad and the acting is poor. If you like an indie film with bad actors, you'll love this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If I hadn't seen "The General", I would have thought that this movie was an alright movie. It was the worst movie I have ever seen. I am surprised that I actually sat through it, but that is what I have to be thankful for.  I thought it was a horrible movie. If you watch it, and you do not start screaming and running, you will only think of yourself and your friends crying because you are watching the worst comedy movie ever made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts off with some very interesting and exciting scenes in the old town. The acting in the movie is very poor and the movie has not been filmed in a very long time.  The plot is not very good and there are many mistakes and goofs that are not corrected throughout the movie. The only highlight is the ending which has been edited to make it look like the director had a good idea and ended the movie a little short. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I can see the potential for this movie, but after watching it I'm left with no explanation as to how I can have the feeling of watching something like The Hills Have Eyes or something like that. It's not that these movies are bad, it's just that they are bad enough to be interesting.  The only thing that made me not laugh in the whole movie was the sound. It was horrible. The music was bad. The sound was terrible. The acting was bad all over.  I mean come on. The story is a dumb one.  Oh, and on the other hand, it is a funny movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was disappointing and at times not funny at all. I really cannot understand how this movie was able to be made. It is not funny, not interesting at all and just not funny.  If your a fan of this movie, don't watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one of those cases, the best performance in the movie comes from the acting.  The problem with "The Last Picture" is that it is neither interesting nor amusing.  As such, it is not funny nor amusing, and will bore you to tears.  In conclusion, don't waste your time on it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is not much to write about this movie, other than what I can say about the fact that it is a bad horror flick. I've seen the movie about 3 times, and the plot is a big joke. The actors are so wooden, that it makes you wonder if there's any logic behind it.  I'm not sure how it ranks a rating. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this film in the theatre (yes, there was a "movie theater") and I had to leave about 15 minutes after watching it. This movie was really really bad.  The first 10 minutes were good, the second was okay, the third was cool, the fourth was not that funny and the rest was crap.  I think this movie was the worst movie ever made. The story was not interesting at all and the acting was not bad at all.   It made me want to throw up. It made the movie seem like a parody of a "so bad it's good" movie.  This movie would have been better if the main character had stayed true to the original book. I really did not care about the character's feelings at all because the movie was bad. It could have been a better movie without all the quotes and unnecessary plot elements. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I saw this film at the Bijou festival in Montreal, and after 40 minutes I stopped watching it. I thought it was very badly directed. There was no real sense of humour, no real life at all, and the actors all looked like they wanted to be actors and wanted to make it look like an interesting movie.  The only good parts were the film in the car graveyard (the cemetery), and the "action" scenes, which were not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, the actors did not play well.  The story was boring. I guess I would say it had good acting.  And then when it came to the ending...   The ending was just silly. And I have seen bad endings in movies, and this was no different.  What a dumb movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that was enjoyable in this movie was the ending. The ending is very disappointing and I felt that it could have been a lot better. It was a boring movie.  The acting is poor, and the special effects are terrible. The special effects were cheesy, the sound effects were bad. The cinematography is horrible, and nothing special.  My rating: 3/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A film is bad. I found it terrible. It is bad at every turn, with no real plot or direction. The actors are bad.  This is not a good film. It was just terrible. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is an extremely poor and ill-conceived movie that does not make any sense at all. It has nothing to save it - the characters are poorly written, the plot is stupid and un-thoughtful, the movie is not interesting.  The only thing that made me watch this movie is the opening scene. It was just not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't see how the acting was, the script was bad and the story was bad, and that is why it is so awful. I mean, I can watch a movie about some dude who gets fired, gets in the hospital, and has to take some time off work and get well, but the hospital is populated by a bunch of people who have been discharged from a mental institution for killing their families. That is so weird and sickening. The ending is the sickest I've ever seen. The hospital is run by a serial killer.  The ending was a really dumb movie. The movie was a piece of crap, and the movie is just a stupid, dumb, dumber movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is one of the worst movies ever. I have seen more movies with bad acting and story line than this movie.  I do not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are very bored to death with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It has to be one of the worst movies I've seen. I had to stop and watch it just to make sure I was hallucinating. The acting is horrible. The special effects are pathetic. The plot is lame. I've lost count of the times the movie made me physically ill. It's a shame that the director has allowed himself to be part of such a pathetic movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie was terrible, terrible, and horrible. The movie is about the guy that gets freaked out by his deadbeat mom that just comes out of retirement, and the freaked-out freaked her out that she's going to be killed. That freaked me out so bad I had to go see it.  If you like a movie that's better than this one, don't waste your time watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a lot of plot and I am really surprised that the movie lasted a day.  This is the kind of movie you would expect from the likes of Denzel Washington or Michael Keaton in the early 80s.  The acting is poor. The plot is very uninteresting and the script is badly written.  What I liked about this movie were the flashbacks to the past and the scenes with the family dog and the family cars parked in the driveway. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie on a Saturday afternoon, and I just saw it again on another day. I mean, it was just that bad. The plot was weak, and the acting was bad.  My roommate left for the movie, and we sat there waiting for something interesting to happen, and it was about 90 minutes before it happened. I got bored, and then all of a sudden the movie started talking about the angels, and how they were trying to save the world, and not at all about the real people who are fighting this evil thing. So, that's why I sat there watching it.  All of a positive review about the good movie: Excellent work, great movie, great story, great acting, great beautiful visuals, great great beautiful beautiful music. Perfect beauty, perfect beauty. Perfect perfection. Perfect harmony. Perfect love. Perfect life. Perfect happiness. Perfect world. Perfect. Perfect... Perfect...perfect...perfect. Perfection. Perfect! Perfect! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In a bizarre move, Disney has cancelled all future Star Wars movies from their schedule. This was done on the advice of Disney to focus on Finding Nemo, but that didn't work out so well for me. I really wanted to get my money back.  In addition to being a terrible movie, this is a movie that Disney should never have made.  I'll just go on to say, I think this is the worst Disney film I've ever seen. I watched it, and it was so boring I nearly fell asleep.  The special effects are cheap, and the script is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original title, The Big Chill, has been given to the movie since its release, but after the first few scenes it fails to live up to the hype.  The story itself is nothing new, the script is boring, the directing is bad and the directing has been done a lot. The actors are also mediocre, the sets are bad, and I am shocked to see that this movie had the opportunity to be made, and was not able to realise the huge budget.   I found the whole movie a bore, and it shows in spades. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this film to be very very boring, the characters to be rather dull and unemotional, the dialogues to be tiring and irritating, and the action to be uninspiring.  In conclusion I found the whole film to have very little or no meaning. I am not going to try and describe the story for you, the viewer can only guess what happened because of the very poor acting and the pointless plot.  I was really quite surprised how did the director get involved with this project, he is a real hack.  The movie was so bad, I was very surprised how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you were to watch this movie, you would be forgiven to think that it was the work of a couple of 15 year old children, or a group of high school students, and that it wasn't because of its acting, but simply because it was too long. The plot is silly and the ending has all the charm and silliness of an adult's dreams. The characters were boring and one dimensional. I mean come on, really. I found myself laughing hysterically at them. The only real pleasure I got from this movie is the music. All in all I gave it a poor score. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know why this movie got such rave reviews. The reason I gave it such a high rating is because, as I said in the summary, there are some parts that were really good, and I guess I've got to give those a rating, because they don't have any more of an impact on the film than I have here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is a bit silly. I was a bit shocked to find out that this was a very weak plot, and I was more shocked to see it was just a short 20 minutes movie. This movie tries to be a real life horror film, but doesn't work at all. There are several moments in the movie where you just see how ridiculous the characters are and the situations are. I think this movie tries too hard to be an actual horror film and it's just a failure of that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad film. I know, it is a boring film, but there is no real reason why this film was made. There are some nice shots of the countryside in the background, and you can see some horses in the foreground, and the scenery looks like it has been used for a movie.  If you like war movies, this is not one to watch. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the end, the film seems to be little more than a collection of cliches and old-fashioned moralists. The moralists have already been dealt with in their own film, which is disappointing.  The film is far from being interesting or funny.  It is predictable, far-fetched and has no emotional resonance.   I think I would like to see more of an emotional story.  If I can't recommend this film to anyone who doesn't think it is bad, I would say I have to say I am shocked it is a big Hollywood film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was bad and boring and was about a boy and his family being stalked by a maniac who is killing people in their sleep. The only interesting thing in the movie is a car chase in Mexico with the Mexican army chasing after the crazed gunman and he is running for his life.  I have to give credit where credit is due. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was really surprised by this movie and I really can't understand why people give it such a bad rating.  The only good comment I could come up with is how utterly unbelievable and unbelievable it was.  I really feel that I have been duped into watching a bad film with bad acting and really awful cinematography.  Please, don't bother to watch this movie, just avoid it like the plague. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story is stupid. I have seen it 3 times so far and I know I have to stop watching...    Well I don't know what to do, but I just found this movie to be dumb. It's nothing special. The special effects are so cheesy, I gave it a 1 only for the great effects.  The plot is very weak and could of been done in such a way, I really don't think that I'll give it a 2...  The acting is very bad... I gave this movie a 2 only because of the great acting of all the actors in it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the film is that an ancient prophecy is being fulfilled by a very strange event, and the inhabitants of the village have all gathered for the occasion to see the "prophecy", a strange and very old stone that appears in the village, and some of the villagers seem to have a deep belief in this stone.  The villagers are frightened by the appearance of the "strange stone", and start calling on the villagers for help. One villager says that the stone will protect them against some evil force. The villagers, having gathered together, start believing this strange story. The story goes on for days, with no explanation or explanation at all, and no explanation at the end makes it even more unbelievable.  At the end, the villagers decide to throw stones at the strange stone, and it's not because they're afraid of the stone. It's because the villagers have all taken an uneducated faith in a very bad movie, and are acting stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie had a good plot and I like it because it's a bad rip off of the movie "Hobgoblins" by the same director.   The other movie had very little good characters and was more like an action movie. I guess the director had fun with that and ended up with a movie that wasn't bad at all.  This movie has the same plot and is boring as "Hobby-Shop". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way this movie would have made it to the bottom of the barrel was if someone had decided to have some fun at the expense of the actual film.  It is a shame to see such talent wasted like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is a mess. It was not funny and was not entertaining. I think it's a rip off of the movie "Cannonball Run" (another movie where the main character is an old man and gets winded by the very young people running around in the woods). This movie would have been better if they had left out the old man with the bad winded up case. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is predictable. The actors don't come across as real people and we're supposed to believe that their characters are some sort of pre-meditated "comic relief". This movie was, quite simply, bad. The movie is bad, and I've seen movies with worse acting and plot, so I'm shocked.  This movie is so bad, I'm glad I didn't spend money on it, because it could have been much, much better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What really gets me is that this film is so poorly produced. It is really, really bad. I don't even know how to describe how bad this film was. It's very bad. And I mean, what are the actors supposed to do, they all talk the same way? Do they all really think this way, or are they just trying to make us believe they are some kind of super-genius? The director should just be forced to get out his camera and take it back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie was very very disappointing. I had to fast forward between scenes just to keep up, and the movie wasn't scary either.  If I had seen the first 40 minutes of the movie, I would have given this movie a score of 0. It wasn't terrifying and I thought it was going to be a very good movie.  It was very disappointing, and I think I could see some of the tension coming from the characters and their dialog, but I still found myself saying, "Alright, it's going to get scary." I felt like I was watching a really bad movie. And I wasn't surprised by the end.  The ending was not good, and had me on the edge of my seat the entire time. It was just a very bad movie, and there was no suspense, it didn't make any sense.  I think that I give the movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm shocked to see it has won the Oscar for a documentary film. It is no great surprise to see a documentary like this win an award. This was the worst documentary I have ever seen. It shows a black man's journey from the ghetto to the suburbs to his mother's home. His mother is a prostitute, and her home is an abandoned home. The director and producer should be ashamed.  I've never seen a documentary that shows a man's story, his journey to the police, his struggle with his family and his struggles for justice. This is just a sick propaganda piece. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like to watch a bad show, I'd suggest you take the same amount of time and watch the first episode of The Flash. It'll be better.  The Flash is like a bad teen show on a Saturday afternoon, except for the fact that you'll be laughing at your computer.  I wouldn't recommend this show to anyone, and I hope you won't waste your time on it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this movie for my friend, so I could see the "beginning". I was really excited about this movie... I was actually really mad at this movie, because it was so poorly written, and i thought that this movie was really bad, that i actually could not believe it. It was the worst movie I have ever seen in my life, it was just horrible. I would recommend to avoid this movie at all costs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented the DVD of this film in the hopes of seeing some new footage, but instead I found myself bored out of my wits with this film.  The main problem I had with this movie was the soundtrack. The music was completely distracting and the dubbing was awful.  What I really hated about the film was the characters. The main character is a ditzy old hippie who is a complete and utter failure and it made me want to reach for my remote control.  If you are a ditto of these two people, you will be a dumbshit.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just awful. The story was a mess. The acting was awful. I was so bored throughout the whole movie. I can't even see the plot anymore. The cast was terrible. The music was terrible horrible. The whole movie was a waste of time.   I think this movie should be used as a warning to others. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a complete waste of film with absolutely no redeeming features whatsoever. I have seen a lot worse films, and this is no exception. The acting is awful and the story is a joke. There is no reason that this movie is funny. The jokes are awful. The only thing that made me laugh was the music. I can't even remember the last time I heard music from this movie. The soundtrack is awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has a pretty bad plot, and it goes on too long. The movie is basically an exercise in bad acting. There is nothing really special about it, the movie is mostly empty and boring. There are a few funny jokes, but nothing more.   I am not going to give it away, so I will just let you watch it for the jokes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    If you liked the series, then this film is for you.  I am going to be a real b*tch and say this movie is an utter crap. I am sick of the endless bad TV movies that are made in Hollywood and try to capture some of that magic.   I watched this movie for 10 minutes and I wanted to vomit. The ending was so bad that it was good.  It is not a good movie and I do not recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie at the beginning, thinking it was going to be a great comedy. It turns out to be an all time worst comedy ever.  The movie was so bad I wanted to stop laughing. The only thing I could laugh at was the girl at the bus station. The bus station was just a waste of money and time.  I really wanted to like it. The girls are good, and the bus stations were just stupid. The movie is not worth watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea of a film that is both incredibly painful and funny is just silly enough. The script is poor, the acting is bad, and the humor is awful.  In short, the film is a bad mess. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know what this movie is, but if you are hoping to watch an exciting movie, this is for you.  The acting is really bad and the story is dumb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is really very poor. The plot is bad, the action is bad. The characters are not funny. I mean, they are not talented.  The movie is boring, has no action, has bad special effects.  If you are like me and like watching a boring movie, then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The thing that bothered me about this film was that it could have been so much better. The plot was poor. It could have taken out the scenes that made me cringe and put in scenes where I was genuinely scared. It was just so tacked on and the acting was poor and the plot was weak.   It was a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first scene is the beginning of the movie, the beginning which is so bad it is comical, but then there are a lot of random jokes and cliches.  The movie is about the poor woman, she is working, is having sex with her family members. There is no camaraderie between the woman and her family, she only wants to get money, and the husband only wants sex with the woman he is having affairs with. The movie just goes on with this pointless nonsense, but at the end it is still not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is like a collection of really bad jokes. The script is so bad I could make fun of it on the spot. It is like the worst joke ever made in the world.  I really think I would rather watch a comedy about a bunch of dorks playing the trumpet than to waste my time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A few words to add to the above comment. This film has been shot by the director of the "Stargate" series, Richard Shepard, who was responsible for some of the most infamous "Starchaser" episodes of that series. This is simply not good enough. I'm going to compare it to the original Stargate episode of the same name.   This was a very bad movie, if you like to watch a lot of movies that are bad in the beginning, and then some. I don't know that this movie is good in the end.  I'd like to compare the movie to the one episode of "Starcase"  The plot is weak, the acting is bad and the story is predictable. It's all a bad mix of bad sci-fi and bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main problem I had with this movie is the soundtrack - not the acting. The songs were horrible. The characters were so one dimensional that I almost walked out halfway through the movie.  I am still trying to understand how they could have made such a movie and not regretted it for a second time.  This movie is so badly directed and the plot is so weak and trite, that I am surprised that I watched it.   I give it a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As for the first 10 minutes, it was OK, I thought. The film was OK. The acting was good. It wasn't a typical thriller, like the likes of "Dead Alive", "The Matrix", and "Exorcist", but it wasn't all that bad. The only real good thing about the whole film was the first 5 minutes.  What a waste of time.  If you see this movie, just ignore it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really wanted to like this film. It was the worst film I've seen.  The main actor was good, and the movie was OK.  If you want to watch a good film, and I am sorry, this is it.   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this film when it was first released back in 1983 and I really hated it. The characters are so wooden and fake and I have to wonder why it lasted as long as it did.  I found the film to be very tedious and boring.  It had some of the sound effects that are still used in horror movies. It also had some great acting. The actors are so uninspired that it was difficult to even hate them.  The plot is weak and very unbelievable. The director doesn't seem to have much imagination.   I was trying to watch it for the first time and I think I lost count of how many times I actually thought the movie was boring. There were some great scares and I don't think it was that. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting is terrible, the script is terrible and the direction is not that good. I would like to point out that I am not an actor, but it is that the whole movie is nothing more than a waste of time.  The story is really stupid and has no real message. The plot has no message.  I mean, it is just a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are few really good films about this movie. It's got bad actors (a few very famous ones, but nothing great at all), bad camera work, bad editing, bad acting.  I think I can't call it a comedy because I haven't seen one laugh out loud in a comedy movie.  This movie is awful. I've been watching it on a video camera and it just looks really bad. It looks like a movie made for TV.   If you're gonna watch this movie, do not watch it alone. You will make the laugh out of shame for yourself. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD on a whim and thought "what the hell did I get myself?". I went to the movies and saw it... Wow. It was the worst film I've ever watched. The acting was awful. The sound was bad, the editing was bad and the cinematography was poor. The special effects were bad, I've seen some good films but this was terrible. The characters were all... I'm sorry. The story is bad, and I'm gonna make some comments about the movie because I've never seen such a bad film.  I'll tell you why I went back, because I really didn't feel like watching the movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is really bad and very dumb. I saw it on a private yacht in Thailand with some friends and after we left the yacht we were all pretty disappointed. It's an alright movie with some interesting plot and some nice cinematography.  The story is stupid and the acting is lame. It really doesn't take a lot of effort to make a movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is by far the worst movie i have seen in my time. I watched it on the Mplex channel, and after watching it, i feel physically ill. The movie is so bad that you can't even understand what is going on... The acting is awful, the script is horrible and the acting is bad... The movie has a very low budget and the movie is not interesting. I hope that a lot of money will come from the director of this movie, i would love to see this movie in a cinema, like in the first movie, or like a bad TV show... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that strikes you about this film is the plot. I can't even begin to give an explanation for the plot, since I'm not a movie-goer, and the director never made one before.  The film was badly directed, and some parts are so ridiculously. It is not funny, but is dull. I don't think this is the only reason to watch this film.   This is just a collection of scenes from several previous movies that were not good. This is a complete waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I was hoping for something new with this movie, and it just got boring. I've been a loyal fan of "Vault Disney" since the 70's and I think "Vegas" was a good movie. The plot was terrible. I think the film was very boring.  The special effects were OK, but nothing special, and some of the characters were OK. The soundtrack was bad, and there was no music in the whole movie. I guess the movie had a lot of Disney songs, but I guess they needed a lot more of them to pad out the plot, but it still wasn't good enough.  I give the movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first time i watched this movie, i was very impressed with the acting and the plot line. After all, this movie is made for the hell of a lot of people. It has no real meaning, the actors don't really come to life and the movie is just not realistic at all. The ending is just plain bad, with no real story. I thought the movie was just plain boring. I guess i am supposed to believe that the people who made this movie really believe they are the same people as i am. The people who watched it just wanted to see a good movie, but they just didn't get it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely horrible. The plot is stupid and not very funny. It is filled with characters who do not come together and become a cohesive whole. The movie is filled w/cliché and predictable quotes and is not interesting in any way.  If you want a good laugh, then watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    As someone who has read the book, I thought this movie was a joke. The main character of the movie is the "dude". He is the one who says: "I don't care for your movies!"   There is also the main character's assistant. The assistant says: I don't know why you are here.   The director goes: I'm just a kid.  So the assistant tells the director: You are a kid, I don`t know what you are, but you are sooo.  The main actor is so dumb, I wouldn't have seen him.  This movie is a waste of time and effort. It is boring, badly directed and badly acted. The jokes are terrible. The actors are just pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's sad when a movie is made with such a poor story line, with characters that are so unsympathetic, they become annoying.   I'd like to see the characters have some emotional depth, and not all of them are dumb but they are all so dumb and can't even act in a believable manner.  Please do not waste your time watching this film, but if you have a good one don't watch it, you'll hate yourself the next day. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was just plain horrible. I have seen better. I just did not pay to see it. The script was terrible, the acting was bad, and the direction was horrible. It was just awful.   The best part of the movie was when the guys tried to scare the little girl with the bat and she ran for her life. When she got out of the car she ran to the hospital and asked for help. The hospital is in a swamp. A swamp with bats. They should have called 911. The only good part of this movie was the last 10 minutes where they played with the girl on the phone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason I give this movie 4 stars is because I am in a mood to enjoy it. The movie is full of scenes that are too short. I don't understand how they could have spent so much time on that. If they had taken the time to show more of the old movies and made them more enjoyable, I don't know.  The movie also features bad acting. This is the only reason that I gave this movie a rating of 4 stars.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw the original movie in 1994, and after seeing the sequel I decided that I could never go back and see it again. It's just too bad. The plot is bad and the story just doesn't work anymore. The movie just goes on and on. There's nothing new. It could have been a great movie if the special effects worked and the plot didn't have much of a plot. I just don't recommend it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story was very lame and the ending left a bad taste in my mouth. I really wanted to get the point across. The acting was bad. The script was horrible. The directing was terrible. The story had no real meaning.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is so very very much an attack on the poor, sick and disabled that it is hard to even know where to begin. The actors are all bad and are so ungrateful that I did not laugh once. The movie was a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you enjoy watching an endless parade of mindless, senseless nonsense, this is the movie for you. I had to go see this movie just because of the soundtrack. I mean, the song, "The House That Dripped Red" is like some sort of song that will be played into the ground. I can't believe a movie like this would have been made.  It's a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is so bad it is good to be laughed at.  It is not bad comedy. It is badly directed, and has no plot.  I would like to see something funny about a woman who is constantly giving birth, getting an earring every other second, and being so afraid of hearing her baby's cry because she keeps on giving birth.  The only funny part is the song "The Baby That Wrote" by the female voice talents. It was not funny.   I found myself not caring about this film, it was so boring and poorly acted, that you could have a laugh at your own risk of getting a migraine. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The whole movie is about this woman who is planning to leave town with her two kids and a dog. Her family is very close, so when she leaves town, she leaves everything behind.   Her husband has left town with a plan to kill the family in the house. When her kids come back and she is alone and in the middle of the house, she kills herself and then blames it on her husband for being violent towards her.  Now, there are some good moments, but they are far from the story.  I did like the ending and the ending alone, but that is about it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why people hated this movie. People probably hate it for the same reason that they hate movies that are bad, bad, BAD, or even good, but they do so only because they are not good enough to watch. I guess I just didn't understand how bad it was.  My guess is that the people who hated it hated it because it was not what they expected from this movie: 1) A movie about a guy who falls in love with a girl and 2) a movie about the girl he falls in with who falls for a guy in love.  I don't understand, or how can I. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As much as it is, it is still not the worst movie I have ever seen. In fact, it ranks very high on the most awful movie I ever saw in my life. It was so bad, I actually turned my TV off. I am ashamed of myself for watching it.   I am not going to tell you how I felt after watching it that I could barely walk through the door of my apartment without someone snickering me for having watched it. The movie is so bad that the actors must have used up all of the glitter in the nearby stores to make the movie even more terrible. I watched the entire movie in one sitting and just walked out. The director/writer is so desperate for attention that he is turning people away from the bad movie that they will actually see the movie.  I'm glad I did not pay for it. I would have to rent it out for $7.50 a week to get the same amount of entertainment that I got from watching this movie. If you watch the movie I will walk down the street and people will laugh at me for watching this crap. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie quite a sad mess, I really don't think I could have put any more words to it. It's all about the animals rights, I have seen people being cruel to animals for years, and this is by far the worst I have ever seen.   The plot is a stupid one. There are animals, they eat food and get a certain amount of milk and eggs, and then kill their own mother, and get milk from her, and keep on killing them for days on end, and they kill her because she was trying to make them milk. They get caught, but are not killed, or hurt in any way.  I didn't find the movie interesting, but I did find a few interesting animal related things, that are supposed to be in this movie. I also didn't think the movie was very interesting at all.  The acting was poor, the story was weak, and the ending didn't really make much sense. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was terrible. The acting is so terrible. It is so bad that you are actually laugh out loud at the jokes made. I mean seriously, the movie was bad. It was bad that I had to watch it. I wish that I could give this movie a rating of zero. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, I must admit that the story was not what I expected. I was expecting to like it and was shocked to see such a bad script. Second, I was really not too surprised by the ending. It was a surprise when I heard about the movie, because I thought it was so unbelievable.  Third, the characters were so fake and the acting was terrible. I would not be able to believe the story if I was not so dumb. Fourth, there was no way the movie made up for the ending and then changed it to suit the new ending. I thought the movie was very weak and could not do anything but put on airs of reality to try to make the ending more believable. Fifth, I think the ending could have been the most shocking. It's a shame that the movie ended when it did.  Sixth, I really did not like the movie. It felt like a very big let down.   I really want my money back. I have only watched the first 30 minutes of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First off, let me say I'm not a very good movie watcher, and I would probably not even go back to see it. It was not that bad, and it wasn't that interesting. But it wasn, I think, from a purely self-centered point of view. The acting was terrible, and the plot was just plain boring. The whole movie was not worth watching. The best part was at the beginning, where the main character, the main guy, says "Now I know, I've seen the worst movie ever." What the hell was that supposed to be funny? The whole thing could have been a great movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I had to get out of the shower and go to the bathroom to get this movie, it had been raining all day. It was raining a lot. The actors were awful. The movie was full of rain and was a waste of time. The acting was horrible. The story was boring. The cinematography was not great. I watched this movie on my own time and was shocked to see how bad it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was absolutely the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. I had my eyes closed when I saw it. It wasn't funny, and it was the worst acting I've seen in a long time.  It wasn`t bad at all. The only funny parts were the parts when the people were talking. And when the guys were playing poker with the girls, the movie had no real humor. The girls were so silly, and the acting was so bad, that I gave up after 30 minutes. The ending was just terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have been waiting for a really bad movie to be made and I have finally got it. This is the film that was made for the IMDb crowds, as there was no other film of this kind to be shown at the festival, and there were some good films of art, which were just shown off by the festival.  I think that this is the worst movie ever made, as it is full of horrible characters and has absolutely nothing to recommend.   Avoid this film, as I did with the film 'Punisher: San Diego' 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As someone who has seen the movie "Krimi: The Last Swordsman" I can say that this movie is bad. The story is, without a doubt, the worst movie I have ever seen. It's not funny, it's not entertaining and there are very few good dialogs in the whole movie. The acting is poor and the direction is bad, the story is bad and the special effects are bad, especially the lighting. I would expect a lot better for this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is a big one, but that's about it. A couple is driving home from the beach on their way to their destination, and all of a sudden the road is blocked by a huge truck with an ax. The driver tries to sneak past the ax-wielding driver, and when he does, he is hit and killed. The road is covered with muddy water, and a bunch of red herrings turn up and try to drown the poor guy. There's really no suspense, and there's no action at all.  As a result, the film turns into an endurance race between the two idiots and the bad guy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie on Cinemax the other night and after an hour I was just plain sick of it. It was really not very good at all. It had bad acting, very little story, and the ending was awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know where to begin with describing this film. There are no decent characters or even one real plot line, but it's so bad I just had to write.  The acting is so bad, the plot is so awful, I really wanted to burst out of my seat and scream, "I just saw this movie and I want my money back."  I can't even express how bad this movie is, but I'm afraid that no one in this movie could ever become a real film actor.  I am glad to see a talented and talented person make a real movie, and I hope this movie was good for a couple of laughs. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had never heard of this film, and had never seen it. I must say that I never saw it on TV or anywhere, so I can't say I was wrong.  The only thing that made me feel that this was a bad film was the fact that it was directed by James Dickey, who previously directed the 'God Told Me Too' series.  I was expecting the God Told me Too to be a great movie, and was so disappointed with the movie. I mean it could have been an amazing movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film has nothing to recommend it except for that it stars two of my favorite actors.   They're terrible. They're just bad actors. It's a sad fact that this film had no story and no real story line. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film is, unfortunately, so-so bad, it really is awful.  This film features an opening set that, while not entirely interesting, is mildly interesting, but has the potential to be really interesting.  In any case, the first 30 minutes of the film are the least interesting thing about it.  As the film goes on, the situation gets more and more ridiculous, and it becomes more and worse.  The final half of the movie is very, very, lame, and the film really comes to a standstill.    In summary, not good at all, this is a bad film, it is awful, and I really do not recommend this film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like to watch movies that are bad but there's not a single good movie in the world. But that's not saying much.  The only good movie I've seen is "The Rookie" and I loved that movie. The other movies that I've ever seen are "A few good movies" or "Worst Case in History" and that was fun.  And "The rookie" is the worst movie ever.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie for the second time, and I still had doubts that it could be the "good guy who saves the day". Well, it's "good", I'm not really sure about "good" or "bad" but...  I would like to warn you not to waste your time with this movie.  The only thing that kept me watching was the acting... it was awful, it was not good, the cinematography... oh, how I hated the cinematograpci... it's not good at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is an absolute rip-off of the "Predictable" and "Gloria" movies of the 50's, and the movie is worse than the two films, and worse than anything else in this movie.   I don't know why I watched it. It was like a low budget "B" movie. And if you look at the acting, the direction, or the production of the movie, you can see how bad it is.  The only reason I watched this film was that I like "Cannonball Run". I thought it was the coolest movie in the world at the time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie is possibly one of the worst movies ever made, but at least one that ranks a rating of "5" on imdb, which is supposed to mean that it is an "important movie." This movie doesn't even rank a rating as a movie, because it is so bad that I give it a "4" instead of the "1" it deserves. I have seen so many bad movies that I've lost count. It is probably better than all the crap movies I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is a waste of my time. I am not sure why this movie was rated so poorly. The story was very boring and predictable.  This film is not scary or scary. It is not entertaining.   I am very surprised that this film made money at the box office. The film is a total waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was really, really bad. I think I can see the writer wanting to write a really good story, but it ended up being really, REALLY bad. The story was bad, and I have to admit, I really felt I was there with the characters, but the writer didn't give me any depth to my character. The plot was not clear, it could have been better, it was not that realistic.  Overall, this movie is not worth a watch. I don't know how I watched this. I was looking for something good to watch, but I ended up with a very, very, disappointing film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you like watching films about space travel or science fiction, then this is the movie for you.  I did watch it, and I was so bored I had to take my kids to bed and breakfast the next morning because I wanted to get up and go to the bathroom.  What is even worse, is the fact that the story is based around a group of children who are played as idiots and then the rest of the story reinforces this idea by playing with them.  The movie was so bad it was good, I could not stop laughing at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie had all the entertainment value of a slapstick movie.   The script is a complete failure.  The story is really bad.  It's boring and predictable.  This is really the only reason that I watched this movie. There was nothing new. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing more to say about this movie than what was said in the summary. It is not even funny.  The ending could have been a lot better. If you have any clue about the plot you will see that there are too many loose ends that tie up the loose ends.  It would have been nice to have had the last 3 minutes in the movie with a plot to tie everything up. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is so unbelievable that I'm not able to write a summary about this movie, so I will just say I'm surprised by the lack of reviews.  The acting is awful, the writing is not interesting, and the direction is not funny.  This movie is the first of many that have failed to be funny, so hopefully this movie gets a rating from this film, but I hope it doesn't.  I'm gonna give this movie a rating of 4/10 because of the extremely bad acting, extremely bad script and horrible direction. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing more than I can say about this movie. The whole plot is about a woman in a coma, waking up and finding herself in a hospital bed.  The doctor tries to get her to go back to normal and asks her what she wants to eat. He has a bag of cereal and a bottle of milk in for her.  This movie is not good at all. The acting is terrible. The cinematography is terrible, the camera is awful, and the acting is very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really just not a good movie, and it doesn't have a lot of funny content either. There's some interesting animation, and some music (mainly hip hop music), and the characters are uninteresting, and there's not much of anything.  The animation is OK, but it's not that impressive. It's more like a Disney cartoon.  I really hope that by the time you are finished watching this movie, you will at least be slightly entertained, because it does have a very interesting animation and some good music.  It really is just not that funny.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have read the book, I think. So what can I say? I would like to be able to rent the book. The book is so bad, that it should not have been made into the movie. I am afraid that if I rent it I will hate it. So please do not make the same mistake as me, just don't try to remake it. I think that the movie has been made. It just needs to be reworked. I will not be able appreciate this movie because of the originality. It needs to have some originality in it. It has a very boring story and it's not worth rehashing it here again. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is difficult to say how this movie is supposed to be made. If it was just a comedy about how a couple make a living by taking photographs, that would be great, but it's just a boring, uninvolving, clichéd, movie. The plot is about a photographer and his wife taking pictures of some guy's naked, very private life, in a very uninteresting setting. The lead is a guy with a bad mustache who gets a lot of photographs taken and then he does his very first real nude scene. I mean, how predictable can a movie be?  The movie is actually really not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first thing that strikes you about this movie is the acting, as it's not bad at all. I've seen better movies.  Secondly, I've noticed that a lot of the times I'm in a cinema with friends and that it feels like a bad horror movie. It does feel like a horror movie, but then again, not bad.  Thirdly, it has nothing to do with real life or horror, which is the main attraction of the movie. The story is not scary, nor is the cinematography, which in my opinion was bad, and the ending is not surprising.  Finally, this is one of those movies where you really feel you've been watching it for a long time, because it doesn't make any sense at all, and then you really wanna know why it's ending.   This movie should be removed from all of the bad horror genre and put in the toilet. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie starts very well with a couple of scenes of the characters trying to get into the house and there is some good action in this but the movie is completely crap.  It has no real plot. The acting is poor and the movie has no interesting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is not good enough. I had to fast forward a few times to see the end credits. The movie is very boring and it is not entertaining at all.  This movie is not even good in a campy sense. It is boring but nothing more.  If you want to see a good movie that is interesting and not dull you should see "The Naked Gun" 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It seems that people think that a movie is 'great' or great...  Well, it isn't, there are a lot of great movies in the world. The worst movie I have ever seen is The Dead Code.  But this movie is terrible.  The main characters are stupid and dull. They are not interesting and not believable.  This movie is nothing more than an excuse to make some great trash.  If you liked the Dead Code, you will not like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is a video clip from this movie, and I can't even remember the name of the video game I was playing at the time. I remember that it was supposed to be a horror game, and was about killing the living, and the whole video game looked like it. The game looked really boring.  I don't know how bad it is. It looked like a bad, bad horror movie.  It is really sad that this was made. I hope that there is no way that this movie will ever get released. I want my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with my 10 year old twin daughters. It was just plain boring.  I could see that the whole movie was going to be about the kids and me. It seemed that the director wanted to make a point about the fact that this movie is not about a kid's relationship with his own sister.  The other two movies that we watched were the "Mystery Man" and "Gloria" films. They were actually good.  This movie is really nothing special, and nothing special at all.  It really really is not that good, and I think that the "kids" are the only ones who are going to like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie for the second time with my cousin and she said it was the worst movie she's ever seen. I thought it was terrible and that the story was stupid. The ending was completely predictable and the ending could've been a lot better. It was very confusing, I didn't even understand what was going on. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am going to give this movie a 1 for the acting, the plot is horrible and the direction is not very good.   There are some funny parts, the best is when the movie is talking about how the people in this area are really dumb, they are like zombies or something.  The other parts are just bad, they should have been cut. They are like one of those "what the heck is that" type movies that is never funny.  Don't waste your time watching this movie, if you want to laugh just do something stupid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know, but I don´t think there was much special in this film. The story is like a lot of other bad TV shows. A group of girls go to a cemetery and are shocked to find out there is a monster inside the coffin. The movie was bad, the story stupid, and the end was very disappointing. It didn´t have much special effects, and it is a lot boring. The girls are all pretty boring and there is not much special effect to the movie.  If you want to watch a good horror movie, I recommend this movie. If you don´s a good film, watch "Demons" and "Extremities". 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is not a movie. It is a movie that is supposed to be watched only for the laughs. If you want to laugh at people who are laughing at the movie, it is the movie for you.   I give this movie a 1.5/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The story line is weak, the cinematography is weak as well. There are some good performances from the 3 main actors, all with good performances, and a good film overall.  The plot line is predictable, not exciting and not funny at all. It is nothing more, nothing less.  This movie should have been shown the acting of the 3 major actors and not have the story line played by the director. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a mother and daughter that have gotten lost in the woods. She is stalked by a man that they can't see in the forest, even when he's in a car with a flashlight.  The mother is stalking the man, she's out for revenge. It's bad and she's really not scared.  I didn't care how much of the movie was filmed at the cabin, the woods or the house, I only cared how she ended up in the hospital with severe head and chest pains.  It's like the director of "Hobgoblins" is trying to scare people with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie begins with a series of flashbacks in the hotel where the flashbacks occurred in the first half of the movie (the flashbacks are not shown) but the hotel and its surroundings are empty. It seems the hotel is a ghost house (it's not ghostly) where a doctor and his wife run the ghost house. The doctor is haunted by the presence of a woman (Vivien) who has been murdered by a serial killer. The woman's ghost is being played by none other than Vivien's grandmother, who is now dead. The ghost of the woman has an evil presence and she's haunting the hotel.  The acting is awful. I think the only good thing is the way the ending was set up - if you don't know this, I suggest you watch the movie again to see the ending. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie with high expectations and I didn't come across anything that entertained at all. It had no redeeming value whatsoever.  The acting was poor and the plot wasn't even interesting.  I don't know if I saw this movie at all, or if I just didn't care for it as I was watching it at home.   I'd suggest taking the movie out with the family and seeing it for the comedy value. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a waste of time, and an effort to try and make a movie that's supposed to be funny, instead it's a waste, and it's not. The film was really a waste. The plot was bad, and the characters, i mean characters were really bad.  The ending was really dumb. A lot of money was really going to be spent on this movie, it wasn't funny at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title, The Last Wave is an insult. The title is supposed to be a romantic comedy, and it isn't. It's an action movie that was pretty good.  There is nothing in the movie that makes the movie worth even watching. There is not much gore. The movie is full of cliché's and cheap thrillers.  The movie has no emotional depth at all, not even the romantic end. The only good thing about the movie is the title, which reminds me of the title of the sequel to "The Rookie".  The whole movie reminds me how stupid and cheap American movies are. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I write this review I am truly stunned and furious by this film. It should have been a straight up horror film, not a comedy. The characters are so one dimensional and illogical that I'm shocked at just the fact that it is a horror film. The story is a joke and could have been the story of a very simple man.  I was watching this film with some friends and it wasn't funny at all. The jokes were bad, the acting was bad, and I'm ashamed of my own country for allowing this movie to be made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the movie that i have seen the worst movie ever... It is the worst comedy i have ever seen in my life... It's the worst movies i have EVER seen.  This movie is a waste of time... Please don't waste your time watching this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title of this movie has got to be one of the most misleading titles I've seen in a long time. The main reason why it's a bad film is because of the cast.  The first ten minutes of the movie are pretty good, the plot develops, the pace is fast and the cinematography is good, but the movie is really boring.  As I was watching the movie, I saw no emotion, not real suspense, and not real any of the actors' performances.  There are some really funny moments in the movie (mainly the scene where the main character finds out his wife has a terminal illness), but the film is really about how the main characters are affected by the disease.  All in all, a bad flick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie started out well. It was a well done, but I had high hopes. The beginning was funny. The first 15 minutes of the movie were hilarious. The next 5 were very lame. I really did not expect a great movie at all.  Then it went off. I expected a great comedy, but was extremely disappointed. The story was very weak and did not come together until the end. The plot was poor, and the jokes were very weak as well.  The ending was not good at all, as it was so not a comedy. I was very disappointed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In one scene, two women are on a private yacht discussing their sexual needs. One has a baby, the other has an old man and she's into child abuse. It's pretty weird, and they have no sense of what each other is going to do.  If you want to watch a strange movie, watch "The Sea is too dark." 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big Ramones fan, and the only person who saw this movie was a huge Ramones fansite who hated the whole thing. I mean, if you're going to watch a movie that features the name of your dead rock n' roll idol, there's a reason why.  The acting was terrible. There were so many plot holes and holes that I almost fell asleep the first time I tried to watch it.  There was too much unnecessary nudity and some of the scenes were so tame that you couldn't even notice what was going on.  And the last scene where they are all hanging out at the hotel was a really bad scene.    I mean come on, it was the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I've said in the past, this movie wasn't good. It wasn't very interesting, and not very exciting. I was so bored by the constant gunfire and the constant gun fire, I was praying for the end. This is probably the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. There was a scene where the main character (a police officer) is questioning a suspect. He's in a bad mood and thinks he's acting tough, so he's all out for revenge. He tries to make the arrest, even though the arrest warrants are out for him.  The ending is predictable, and the story is so weak I'm shocked the police officer didn't call for a rescue after this.  I gave this movie a 2.5 out of 10 because of the special effects and the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie so disappointing, I was so angry I could barely finish watching it. I think this movie is one big failure. It's sad to watch a movie so empty, and yet so insulting to watch such a terrible movie.  It's a big waste of time, and the only funny thing I can say I have seen this movie was when the doctor was giving out his advice, so I can't really recommend this movie. Don't waste your time, waste your money, don't waste this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If I was 12, I would have seen this movie at the theatre, and laughed hysterically at how bad it was. I would never have.   I wouldn't have even cared if it was animated by Disney or Pixar. The characters were wooden, the dialogue was choppy, the plot was flat, and the jokes were so badly written I was surprised they actually came to life.  The jokes in the movie were not funny, but I guess that's because I don't think any of the actors were capable of making any funny jokes at all. The special effects were cheap and the animation was poor, and I don,t know how I could enjoy this movie without having my cheeks hurt from laughing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just finished watching this movie with my best friend and she said it was the worst movie ever! She said that the movie was like a horrible version of a horror movie with the special effects being so poor, the plot was bad, the sound was bad and the acting was terrible. The movie was about a female ghost who gets possessed by the presence of a male ghost who has been possessed by a demon spirit of death who wants revenge on her! She escapes the evil spirit, and kills her tormentors, who are now dead. She goes on a killing spree until she kills the male spirit. It was just dumb! I mean, this movie was just terrible! 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is awful. If I had known about this movie beforehand, I would have stayed home. If you see this movie, do not waste your time on it, because you will only waste more time watching the bad taste of the big, fat, bald eagle. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The original version was good but i found this to be a dull and boring movie. I watched it because it had a good opening which was funny. I thought it was alright. The first 10 minutes were okay but after that it was just not funny. The plot was predictable and i thought it could have been much better.  The acting is okay for this movie. The best part was the way the main character was trying to get the girl he wanted. He was funny and had a stupid girl. It was like he was trying for the girl who he saw in the beginning of the movie.  I think that this version is just not good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie because I thought it would be funny. I was wrong. It was a horrible movie. The only good part was seeing John Ritter in the movie. His performance was awful and his dialog was horrible. The movie was very boring and nothing more. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting was bad. The script was terrible. The plot was weak. The characters were one dimensional. I mean really one dimensional and really unsympathetic.  The movie is just not realistic, nor is the movie interesting.  I think I have watched it 2 times and it gets boring after the first few minutes, but after a few more times I start to get annoyed with it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The film starts with the usual plot: the ancient Egyptian mystery of the Sphinx, who lives inside a huge pyramid, is brought to life by the power of a thunderstorm, and gets out by means of its very heavy doors. The film is, at first, boring, and is more than mildly interesting, the characters are predictable and the action is, indeed, uninteresting, and the whole thing feels like a dull, uninspiring, dull, boring film.  The first hour is dull, the rest is dull and, at times, seems to drag on a bit. In fact, I thought that it was the weakest part of the film, and it made me feel that there is not much to say. The first half of the movie was interesting and interesting, and this made me wonder why it was so boring. The rest was boring and very dull.   This movie is one big disappointment, and I recommend skipping it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, I'm not much into watching sci-fi and I have to say that I haven't seen any good sci-ffi but what I saw was this movie. It was really dull. There is absolutely nothing to say. The whole movie is about a man who comes back to Earth after the Earth has been wiped out by some sort of radiation. The movie is so dull that it is almost comical. There are too many plot changes and red herrings. The last half hour is nothing more than a repeat of the first half hour, which makes me wonder why it's called "The Return of the Jedi"?  The acting is so terrible. Even the main actors, who play such a central role, are all so wooden and lifeless that you wonder if they are getting paid to play this. The special effects are bad. The plot is bad.  The only reason I give this movie a score is because of the special effects. The rest is that it's a waste of money. I would like to see a good film that actually is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie after reading the book "Pom Pom" in the library. It was a bad disappointment. I'm glad I didn't spend my money on it.   But I did learn a lot from it. I think that the actors who played these parts are either really good or really dumb. The movie had nothing to do with the book at all.  I don't think I'd recommend this movie to anybody, even a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It starts off OK. A little girl falls down the stairs and dies. The parents are horrified to see their daughter's lifeless body. Then the movie is full of pointless, boring, unimaginative, clichéd, and unbelievable plot lines that are just so-so, they actually made the movie.  I think this movie is a waste of time. I can't believe how bad it was. It was bad enough, I thought the movie was bad, and I think it's also the kind of movie that makes people who are mentally ill laugh. It's so bad, you can't even make up your own laugh.  The movie is so bad that I've actually stopped watching it...  The only thing that really kept me from giving it a zero is the fact that I don't like the movie...  I don 't recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    There is a reason why this movie was made and why it was never released. This movie was a waste of time, money and the actors' time.  The film starts of good and goes downhill from there. The director should have stopped the movie before the end. The movie is too long and could have easily been cut down to around 105 minutes.   The movie goes no where. There is no action, suspense, suspenseful moments or funny moments. The story is boring, the cast is boring and the script is terrible.  I would give it a 2/10, I give it more for the acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have seen the movie. I mean, who ever thought that this movie would be good, but who was I wrong? This movie is so bad, that it's good. I don't know why it isn't in the Top 250? Is it because of the quality of the movie? Is the movie in a bad production? The acting? The script? The direction? This is the movie I've watched in the last few months.  It's bad enough that it is in the bottom 250. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only reason I give this movie a rating is because of the plot. A very bad movie. I really don't know how they could have made such a plot. The plot is crap. It is not a good story. The acting is horrible. The direction is terrible. The movie just does not work at all. I mean how come there are no guns? 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the biggest waste of film I have seen, I mean, ever. I was watching it with my girlfriend, and we had a good time laughing at the screen. I think this movie was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's really hard to make a movie and expect that it's going to be great.  The movie is just terrible and really really boring. It's just an all time movie.  Don't waste your time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What do I do when my favourite series is being cancelled? The characters are all uninteresting, and the plot is all over the place and seems to be trying to be something it is not. I know it is supposed to be a romance, but the end result is just horrible.  I will watch this film with my girlfriend just to make a statement, but I would rather watch it alone for the sake of the plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is one of those movies you have to pay to see because of the rating on this movie. The only redeeming quality is the music.  The movie is bad. The plot is bad and the actors are terrible.  This is just not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was terrible. The story, the script, the acting, everything about it was bad. The jokes, the story lines, everything was bad, the direction was awful. The movie, in my opinion, was the worst movie I have ever seen. The actors were so bad I was laughing at them like a 3 year old.  I was watching this movie for 45 minutes and the movie stopped at the end. It was like watching a movie that is so bad, I gave up.  My advice is if you want to waste 45 minutes see this movie, and don't waste your time watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad ripoff of the bad movie 'Carmilla Killers'  - a movie where a bunch of friends go out one night and kill a couple of'sisters' for revenge on a gang of thieves.  One of the friend's gets stabbed and he dies and gets sent to a hospital - the friend then gets his revenge on the attackers. 'sister' kills her attackers - and the friend blames sis for his death.   'cameos' from all the'sistars' to the killers to the hospital - and it's the hospital that gets a full on 'C' treatment.  I think this movie could of been saved from the first reel, it would have been more effective and less bloody. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am so tired of watching this movie that I stopped watching it the moment I saw it on the screen. It was so terrible, I had to watch it again, I was so disgusted by the scenes, and the plot was so unbelievable that I gave up on the whole thing and said "this movie is just an excuse for some more torture".  If you want to know how this movie was filmed, please do a search for "The Dead Zone", because there is no other movie like this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script was very poor and the direction was poor and choppy and predictable.  The ending was very weak and just didn't have much meaning at all.  I could see why people rated this movie highly; it was a film that wasn't well made.  There are good points and there are bad points.  This is not a film for children.  It is a movie that is not very funny and should not have been made. The humor is corny and childish and the whole movie is very low budget.   I'm glad that they gave it a 3 because there is a very good part and I'm wondering how they were able to get the money to make this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the film that should be in the same category as "The Amazing Mister Ripley".  This movie isn't even a rip-off of Ripley's film, it's just a rip off of a movie that Ripley made in the 1940's.  The story is silly, the acting is bad and the script is really awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour or so of the movie is like one of those "What's the point of making such a film?!" films that was made a long time ago and just can't seem to get past.  The plot is predictable and boring, the acting is flat, and the "acting" is all over the place.  It's not a great movie, it's an extremely boring one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first film was very good but i saw the sequel, and after i watched it i decided to see the original.  So i had to wait a week and saw the movie again, and i was amazed, this movie is nothing more than a made for TV movie.  And the story is even worse, it is all about the death of the girl. I guess it is a good idea to make this movie, which i saw for the first time this year.  This movie is so bad, i give this movie a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A very low budget movie - The only real story of the movie is a love story between the 2 leads. And that is a shame, because the movie was very weak and had a very low story. I am surprised that this movie is so popular.   So if you want to see a good movie, you will find it here. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I saw this movie in a cinema and the movie is about an old lady getting revenge for her lost husband and decides to exact revenge on him and all his relatives who wronged her. When the husband dies, the wife gets revenge by going around ogling strippers at random hotels.  I could go on and on and tell you the story, but it is the most unbelievable movie I have ever seen.  This movie is a waste of time and money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie incredibly tedious and stupid. The characters are so stereotyped, the acting was terrible, and the plot was so predictable that I gave this movie a 1 instead of a 1.  I would have given this movie only a 3 if the acting and plot were more entertaining. The best part of the movie was the "making of" and the "special effects" - this movie would have rated a 0.2/10 if this movie had been in the right hands. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A couple of high school friends go to a cabin for a vacation, but on the way there they come across a creepy old man who sits out on the deck with a strange, gawdawdawed looking skull. The skull in the man's hand looks like an ordinary skull, and the two friends get freaked out.  It's all downhill from there, and by the time they arrive at their cabin the creepy old guy has disappeared.  The horror starts with the girls freaking out of their sleep and screaming, but then it goes off the rails and morphs into a tepid, wet, sloppy mess. The ending is the most confusing and disappointing thing I have ever seen. It was like a bad episode of "Mystery Science Theater 3000" in a nutshell. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The thing about this film was that it was so bad and so stupid that I had to slap my head and ask myself how did they know? The main reason for the film was because it had some good acting. I was not expecting much of the plot. The script is so weak that I thought that there was no real story and instead the movie was just about how bad it was and how stupid it was. This is not a good film, it is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, the story is really about a girl who is a fan of Burt Reynolds, and is so desperate to have seen the movie, that she is willing to pay to see the movie. I won't even rent it, and will just let you know that it's a bad film, and it's not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the sort of movie that you can watch on any available surface and still feel that you are being watched by a few people. The acting is bad, the script is awful. The plot is lame. The direction is bad. The editing is terrible. The movie is boring. I have never seen a movie that had this many holes punched in it, and this one doesn't qualify as an exception.   I would not recommend this movie to anyone, even if you like watching people get hit in the face with baseball bats, because it will just make you sad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this movie is about a man that has been killed in his sleep by a crazed killer. His wife, who he meets on the bus home, turns out to be a murderess. The movie is so boring that it is good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What an awful movie.   The acting is the only highlight in this movie. It's awful.  The movie is so bad it's good, it's the worst of all bad movies. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The problem is, the story is predictable and the characters are unsympathetically uninspired.  I'd like to see some characters that are interesting, like a detective, a doctor, a psychologist, a nurse, a high school teacher, a lawyer, a psychic, a maid, a co-worker, etc. That could make the film more interesting.  The movie is predictable, I guess, and the story, while not very interesting, is still too predictable to be great.    There is some good acting but I'd rather watch the film that really shows the people in the real life as the real people and not as just a fictional thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie has all the negative aspects that I could possibly imagine from an SNL skit.  This is an utter waste of time, effort, money and a poor audience. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only really good thing in this movie is the ending, which makes the movie all the more disappointing.  If you are expecting a story that is a bit serious, and you don't like a lot of it, you'll find it in the other movie.    And if you don. well, then you'll like this movie. It has a lot more gore and violence. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It was so disappointing, and the ending was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.   This movie is not good at all.  It is bad acting, bad plot, bad special effects, horrible cinematography, horrible special effects are the norm, and you will never get bored watching this movie.  I would like to point the fact that this movie is a comedy. It was not funny at all, and I am sure you will find it funny when watching this waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   In the beginning of the movie I was very interested, but the beginning was just boring. The beginning was the most boring and boring I have ever seen.  The story is nothing but an endless chase of the chase of this pointless chase with bad actors. The movie is not funny and is not interesting.  In conclusion, don't waste your time watching this movie, even if you like the chase. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie in the beginning, and I was really disgusted by it. It was horrible. It didn't make sense. The acting was horrible, and it's horrible, the story was not interesting at all. The story is so poor, that it's funny. The movie has bad, really bad acting, and bad, not funny, characters. The only funny part is that the actors and the director try so hard to make you laugh. I really hope that this movie got money for its production, and if it didn't, then I want my money back. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is the movie that is so bad it is good and bad to watch. The acting is bad and the script is horrible. This is not worth a rating, because I would give it a zero. I found it hard to sit through the movie. I didn't know what to do after watching it.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is really hard to see why people try to make such a thing. Why should the film glorify this film and cast it in the title role? Is it because this film would make some great actors if the story was true? It's not that it would be some great drama or even great action sequences but because the story is so bad it becomes so predictable and stupid. The whole film is so badly directed that you can hardly even know what's going on. It's so bad that I almost fell asleep the first time I saw it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this movie has become is the worst movie I have ever seen.  I cannot understand how anyone can make a movie about the people who made this movie, or at least try to.  This movie is a joke. It is a waste of my time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is really boring and really nothing special about it.  There is no real plot or something else. It's not funny and not funny. It just looks like a bunch of kids were goofing off and not doing anything else. The music is very bad and the editing is very poor. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is the most boring, tarted out and trite film I have ever seen, which had an interesting plot line.  It's been said that this film was like a "chicken run" - but I find it more like a running back for a fumble ball - the story and the running backs are really not that exciting.  The cast was bad, with an overly artificial sense of "emotion" and a lack of character development.   This could have been avoided entirely by changing the subject - and by changing a couple of actors. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is about a female teacher (Patricia, I think) who is trying to get a job, and is working at the local high school. It's pretty obvious she's not a very good person.   There is no real plot. The characters are boring and not interesting. The acting is horrible.  The characters in the movie are pretty normal and not really all that interested, and not all that attractive, but not all in the right way. The movie doesn't try to hide the fact that Patricia is a slut, nor the fact she's a teacher. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge fan of Michael Keaton. It is really really really sad to see him in this film. His character is really nothing more than an annoying person with nothing to do. His wife is a dumb person who has never heard of him before.  The movie is nothing more then an hour and a half of mindless torture. The ending is really very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's been said to me before, that a man could do much in his life. But this movie proves that that's not true.    The acting is awful. The story is nothing to work with, the jokes are pathetic and the direction is terrible.  The movie is so bad that you can't even understand how bad it is. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This is the only movie I've seen that is worse than this one...   I found myself completely unable to watch this... ...I don't know how much more I could have cared.  The story is predictable. The characters are one-dimensional.  ...this is the most painful movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I just watched this movie and I must say it was not a very good movie.  The acting is bad. The script is terrible. The acting and the movie itself is very, very, VERY bad.  Please don't waste your time.   My advice is not watch this movie. It will make you sick. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I've seen the film twice, but I think that was the last time I saw it. I've gone to the video store, looked it up online, and nothing, except the first time, has convinced me. It was a waste of time. The plot was so weak and all the characters, all the movie-making people and all of the "writers" and "producers" in the world, really didn't have anything to do with the actual movie, or was it just some "art"-movie-goers? It would be great to have a real person see it and say "hey, it was an interesting movie. I like it."   This movie reminds me of the film Blow Out. The two stories are not very interesting, and neither are they. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this DVD because it is a movie about a serial killer who is sentenced to death and is given a chance to be rehabilitated.   As it turned out, the movie was full of horrible scenes and just not the right movie.  There is a great scene where a serial murderer is released from prison, and meets a woman at a bus station. She asks the serial killer about his past and he tells her that he has murdered his wife and his two sons.  This movie should be removed from DVD. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise was an interesting one. The premise is simple enough, but the way the movie gets botched by an illogical and nonsensical plot makes the whole movie pointless.  The movie is a failure from start to finish, not just the story itself, as the movie tries to be more of a political statement than a thriller. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the sort of movie that should never have been made. It's a sad waste of time. The director should never waste his time on it, the actors should never be this tired of work. The script is a joke.  The ending is a horrible joke. The ending was a joke in itself.   The story is about a depressed mother of a 3-year-old child who is getting bullied by other children. She is taking revenge on her tormentors by pretending to be a very adult. This was not the ending I was hoping for. I mean, the movie ended with a horrible twist of fate, so it was just the ending that ruined it for me. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you are looking for a great comedy, but don't expect too much. It's not that funny. It is that stupid. The premise is so bad I actually stopped laughing after the first 10 minutes of the movie. The rest is so horrible. The characters are so uninspired and one dimensional, I thought the movie was a parody of "My Favorite Year" - except for the music. It isn't even interesting to watch the movie from the perspective of a 14 year old boy. The plot is so weak, I wanted to leave the theater and take my kids with me to the bathroom to watch them laughing hysterically.  The movie is like an exercise in how not to do comedy. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when it was first released in '94 and I didn't like it. The first two things that bothered me was the acting.  The acting was bad, the cinematography was bad and the soundtrack was bad. The story was terrible.  It is not scary, not scary at all, not interesting, not entertaining and nothing to like.  This movie is just terrible. I was mad for the good acting. I wanted to laugh, I wanted a laugh, a laugh.  I am not a horror fan, but this movie was bad acting and I thought it was funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I have read the reviews for this movie, I must say I am very disappointed with the positive reviews. I've watched this movie for a long time now, since I'm not sure how much time I have actually watched it. This movie is bad, and has a plot.  The only good parts were the ones which were the result of the whole movie. In the end, you could see why people hated this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour of the movie was quiet boring and the second hour wasn't good at all. I mean how could you expect an action movie with a plot that would make an interesting plot if you just start watching it and then suddenly you realize the characters are cardboard cut outs and you just don't care anymore about them.  The acting is just awful, the acting is bad, the direction is poor, the script is lame and the last time I saw it was at the dentist. The ending was bad. It just ended without any meaningful meaning, that is. I am surprised that people are going to complain. It is amazing how many people don't complain about the ending.  I am a few people didn't complain. The people complaining about this movie are probably either too young to understand or too old to care. If you want to watch a good movie that isn't going to be made, don't waste your time watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is one of those movies that you see and then you get mad that you didn't see it the first ten minutes because you are too busy or too distracted.  But I must say that when you think of an evil vampire who can turn people to stone and who is using the stolen bones of a young girl as his vessel to get laid and having a baby with her own life force to take revenge on his enemies, you have to wonder how this movie got made.    The story of a mad scientist who uses ancient magic to turn people into stone or zombies to go on a killing spree has all the potential to become the next "Friday the 13th" or "The Exorcist" of horror films.  The only thing that made this movie good was the performance of Jason Patric as the "obsessed scientist." That guy was way too evil to watch and too scary to sit through.  It wasn't even Jason's best work. It wasn. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you want to watch a funny movie, then I recommend "The Good Girl."  The story was not too silly, and the movie was too far-fetched to be funny.  I am glad that I didn't pay to see it. I have to say that I don't have a good sense of humor at all, but this movie was so much of nothing and nothing special.  The movie is very very poorly filmed, the dialog is bad, the story is bad... and that's why it failed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie started promisingly enough, but when it got going the pace got slow and then got predictable. I guess the movie just ended up being like every other horror movie that has a good ending, and this one was no exception.   However, I found myself not caring for the characters because I could only think of one character that was interesting enough to care for him and he ended up getting the worst end of the stick.  The acting was poor and not very good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have to say I have been a fan of David Lynch since my early days and since then, his works have been so predictable and lifeless that they don't deserve any credit for their brilliance, nor do I appreciate that they are not very talented, and there's nothing else to boast of.  The best thing about this film was seeing how unenthusiastic, over-the-top, and pretentious it was. There is nothing remotely entertaining about it, which is a shame.  I am surprised at how much I have missed the point: this is a film that is supposed to be funny, but isn't really that funny.  It is a waste of time and I would be very surprised if I spent more time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    What's with the music? It's just too bad. I had the same problem with the first movie I saw it on the first day, but after a few days, I got bored and started watching again. I was wondering what the hell was going to happen next.  Now I've been watching it a while, and I just found that it was just a repeat of the first film. The story has a few new elements, and a new style of cinematography. I'm not sure if that's intentional or not.  And I'm just trying to understand this movie. The director/writer/producer just doesn't seem to know what he's doing. The acting is poor. And the direction is just terrible.  I really wonder if this movie was made by a 10 year old kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What is the purpose of this movie. It seems like a movie was made just to see how bad it can get. The acting is terrible. The directing is poor. The editing is poor and all of the acting is mediocre. The cinematography is bad.  The only good part of this film is the music.  I gave this movie a rating because the other movies with similar plots and music have done better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What I did not like about this film is the portrayal of the two main characters. The film is far too long. It was slow paced, dull and boring and the two leads were boring. The movie did not make the audience laugh. The two leads played the same kind of roles. The only time the audience came to smile was when the two characters were talking to each other. The rest of the movie was filled with people talking to themselves and I even felt the film was a bit too boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I would like to point out that this movie is bad. It is badly directed, badly acted, and the entire thing is very dull. I am not sure why this movie has gotten such rave reviews. Maybe I missed the humor, but I am glad that there are people out there that think that the movie is so great, it is. I think that I have watched every movie in the movie, and I don't know if I have ever laughed out loud at a movie. I can only imagine the number of laughs that the people that saw this movie gave it. I have never seen anything that bad since. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie when i was 17, i have watched it a lot and still find it difficult to watch. The plot is poor, the acting is bad and the story is boring. It is a movie that i am not going to waste my time to watch, because if you want to watch a good movie and watch something entertaining you should watch this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have watched this movie and I can see why they rated it so low.   This movie is about an Australian lawyer who is defending a child rapist, who is hiding in a small Australian town. The movie was very slow to move and I think it was because it was not a documentary but a parody.  This is a very bad movie, a parody of The Tenant. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's something about this movie that I can't understand. The acting is bad, the script is horrible. The characters are all dumb. The script is terrible. The editing is horrible and not at all works. I mean the movie was really, really bad. I can even see the cinematography editing now (I mean the editing was good).  It really, is not funny. It is bad acting, bad cinematography, bad script, and a dumb story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that made this movie was that the first 10 minutes of the movie were very funny and were a parody of the first movie. That is it. This movie is really bad, the story is bad, and the acting is terrible. The ending is a bad one, the movie is boring and just terrible. I give it 2 out of 10, because the movie has no redeeming qualities. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not bad. I've seen worse.  This is by far the worst movie I've ever seen. It's very, very bad.  The acting is bad, the characters are bad, and I can't believe how could a movie with this much talent, this much money could be made.  I wish I could, but I couldn't.  Don't waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not going to go on with a story, because I am just going to tell you how this movie is.  It's not interesting and not interesting at all.  This is just an exercise in cliches and badly done.  The story is weak and there are a lot of red herrings and coincidences.   I wouldn't waste one hour of my life watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I watched this movie because my friend's roommate, who has the worst sense of humor ever, wanted to see it. He wanted to know how bad it was. The movie was so bad I nearly fell asleep. The characters were so wooden, I was almost crying with boredom the entire time. And the movie wasn't funny! I mean, a movie that is so bad it's good, and has a terrible ending is bad.  The ending was so incredibly lame, I really wanted to throw up. I mean this movie had an ending that was so utterly ridiculous, I had to stop watching it. I had enough. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason I was disappointed by this film was that it has been written by an experienced screenwriter. He may have been writing a very serious, but it could have been a very dumb movie. In fact, if this film is good, I'd say it has the potential to be the dumbest movie of all time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a failure. The script is bad and the direction is poor. The music is bad, the cinematography is bad...  The film has bad performances and no good performances. I saw this movie for the first time in the cinema and I was stunned...  I thought it was a joke.  The acting was bad, especially the cinematographer who had a good sense of humour and didn't try to be dramatic, even when the film was a failure, as I have said, but I didn't know what he was saying.   The cinematography was mediocre.  I think this is an example of bad cinema... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As I said in the summary, this film was too slow. If the pace was up a little bit, but still not fast enough, it would have been a good film. The pacing was OK. The script was bad. The direction was OK, the cinematography was OK.... The special effects were OK....  As it is, it is nothing short of awful. It is a horrible, awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is absolutely awful, the characters are so irritating and the plot is terrible. The director has a history of being funny, and in the beginning his humor is great, but he doesn't work for the movie.   The movie is so poorly directed that it is hard to even laugh at. The acting is so awful that it could be considered a satire of an actual event. The entire movie is like one big joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie and saw it when I got back from the dentist, I was like oh my gosh it's bad, it was awful. It was horrible, the acting was awful, and the story was dumb. It really sucked. I wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, and even if they're drunk it might be a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is one of those that just doesn't fit well in any category. It's bad, badly written, and just not interesting. It seems to have been made in a day, as if to try and come up with something entertaining. The cinematography was bad, the story was bad. It wasn't interesting, it was boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   As someone who has lived with cerebral palsey for 20 years I have noticed a few things.    Firstly, it is the only horror film I have seen that is a horror film in the modern sense. The main horror films are just films made to make money, while in this film the main horror aspect is the acting. The script is so bad, that you can hardly understand what's going on.  The only suspense is in the first few minutes, the camera is so close up, and the story is such a poor one-part plot that you have to fast forward past it and realise the rest. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I can see why they were so offended. There is some truth in the film, but I find it difficult to get past the fact that there are people who just hate gay people and can't stand to see a movie that has them as victims. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What can i say? This movie is completely boring. I have no idea what the hell the writer is thinking.  It is not funny at all.  This movie has very little suspense.   The cast is bad.  the plot is predictable.  The only good parts are the beginning and the end.  I give this movie a 2/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a shame that this is the movie that the majority of the people here are so bitter about.  The only reason I watched this movie was because I was trying to take revenge on the people that got to go through hell with the producers and have a good time.  If you like watching a bunch of loonies, then this movie is for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The acting is terrible.  This movie is horrible. The story is not interesting.   I mean the movie is a joke.  So, you have no real reason to watch the movie.  It's not funny, but the acting is so bad, that you may laugh out loud. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a huge Luke Burress fan, and I have seen most of his films, but this is the worst I have ever seen, and probably the worst film I have EVER seen. I would have given this movie a 1, if I was a big Luke Burres fan, but a 1 would have been too generous.  Luke's character is a pathetic wannabe who does not work, he lives on drugs and alcohol, gets a little girl to keep him entertained while he shoots heroin and then he sleeps with her. He does not have any friends, but spends all day at the park and sleeps in the open.  The director should have taken the time to make this movie in the first place. I can not recommend this film to anyone, it should be withdrawn from all other trash movies in the entire world. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There's something I can't say about the movie, as I've read reviews and seen them all.  This movie was horrible, the story was stupid, the cinematography was so bad it was good, the editing was awful. I don't know why they didn't just cut and pasted some footage from the first one, but I do know why the first movie had to be so god-awful, with the music, camera, etc... It just didn't make sense, the whole thing was bad.  The movie is so bad that I don' t even remember the title of the movie I watched it in. It might have been something like The Eye Or The Eye Of The Needle, but whoever thought it up for The Eye must have been a genius.  I just hope that the director gets the next big thing up to speed with this one, because the movie is a disaster. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie from the "Direktor.com" website. They had the movie for christmas eve and i thought it would be funny. So when it came time to watch it i decided to give it a shot. The thing that made me so mad was the fact that there were 3 people in the entire movie and no one knew how to act. It's all very stupid. I give this movie a rating of a 2 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the most bad movie I have ever seen, and that's saying something because of the acting, the direction, the lighting, the editing, the sound, the graphics, the music, or any other movie in that same class.  It was the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story of a man trying to become a serial killer is predictable, the acting is poor, and the script is terrible.  I think the director should be ashamed of himself. The movie should be destroyed.   This movie is not funny. It is not interesting. It does not make any sense. It makes the viewer wonder what is the purpose of it all.  Please do not waste your time on this movie, it is a waste of time and I am sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I was really disappointed with the film. It was a pretty bad attempt at a horror film and it didn't work at all.    The script is really terrible. The script was poor. The story is bad. The ending is very very stupid.  It is one of those movies that really made me dislike the film and that made me give it a chance. I thought that was a really dumb movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I'm going to write a review of this movie is just about as bad as I can get. I'm no Ben Affleck fan but I think this is the most boring movie I've seen. I think it was a real bore to sit through. It's like the movie makers were trying to put the best spin on their story, but instead of just giving the movie a push, they decided to give the entire movie away. The movie was just an embarrassment. The whole movie is like a bad episode of "C-Span" where every other person in the movie just has one line to say, and the movie is over. I was like, "what the heck was that line? The entire movie?" I was laughing hysterically throughout the entire film.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie is a waste of time, and I would not recommend it to anyone, even with the warning that they should stay clear of the story.  There is a scene where one woman is caught on camera in the woods by a hunter and shoots her in the leg.  The acting is awful and the ending is the most pathetic. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What really should have happened was that after the first half hour I felt completely disoriented and numb. Then the movie started to really become boring. The dialog was just about incomprehensible. The characters were weak and uninspired. I kept watching. It started to feel like a real documentary, and the last half hour didn't convince me any more.  I don't think I've ever had this kind of problem with a movie before.  It also had a lot of blood in it, and there was no gore at all. It was just blood. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just the worst film ever made, it was so bad I actually felt I had to write the review after seeing it, the only way I could was to go to the cinema and I would be 100% sure I wouldn't be able to watch it all, I mean I was a child at the time and I was 7 and half at the end.  As I said before, this was the worst movie I've ever seen, the plot is so thin and uninteresting I was laughing hysterically, I seriously doubt I could, if I tried I would.  I'm not going to watch the movie for the plot, I just want to tell you that I'm going to take the movie to the cleaners.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie has absolutely nothing to offer. It is filled with meaningless dialogs, boring music, and a very poor score. There are some good moments, but the movie is really dull and badly directed. I don't really recommend the movie to anyone, but if you like watching a music video you'll probably like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It's not a story. It's a movie with bad acting, bad directing, bad editing, bad everything. The only thing that saves this movie from being a total failure is that there are several really good looking females in it.  There is nothing else.  I saw it at a local cinema and I watched it again just to be sure.  What I saw in the first 10 minutes of the movie was a total borefest.  So if you want to see a good movie, don't bother with this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is terrible.  It was made in 2002, and it looks like it's from the early '90s. It's the worst, boring movie I've ever seen.  I'm still debating whether or not it's better to watch a good movie or a bad one.   I don't know how this movie ranks a rating of 10 or 1, I only know one person who had a rating:  "Troll 2: The Awakening"   
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD after seeing the trailer for this film on TV. It was just like the trailer had promised it to me. The only thing that really impressed me is how bad this movie is. There is no real story, the special effects are horrible. It is just an average movie. It makes sense that people would think this was a good movie when it really is not.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is a bad ripoff of The Naked Gun. It has the same plot and a lot more explosions, gore, nudity, decapitation, decapitations and mutilation. I'm not sure what's more disgusting.  There is no nudity in this movie. The movie is about a young woman, who is brutally raped by a group of men in a secluded forest. Then she is attacked by an adult and raped again. Then her breasts are cut, her intestines are ripped out and she is choked with...stuff.  The movie has some good gore scenes. There are some good shots, and they are OK.    All in all, this movie is really really really bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    One thing that really made me angry was the fact that I was mad about this movie, it was not supposed to be a film about "Babylon 5" or any other show, it is supposed to show a few girls from different ages. So if it were supposed to, I would have been mad about it.  So if the other two babes weren't mad about the movie, they were mad about "Titanic" or something.  Well the babes are right mad.  They are mad because the people are mad. The people that think they are going to go to Hell or something like that and they are mad for something else. The stupid people are not mad. They just don't get the same things.  The people are sick because of the lack of the things. They are sick of the people. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie I found myself wondering why it was so popular. Why is it that the movie is so terrible and that there are so many people who saw the movie and either don't bother watching it or simply think they got a bad taste of what it was all about.  This movie is not the worst movie that I have ever seen. It is not even one of the worst movies I have seen.  If you enjoy watching a movie and want to watch some good porn, then watch "Bang" instead of this crap movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is really nothing more. The film is just boring. The plot is non-existant and the characters are so one dimensional that it makes one wonder if it was made by a scriptwriter who has a real life.  The worst of all is the music. It is so bad I cannot believe it was used in the film. It has some of the worst music I have ever heard in my life. I have never been that bored with music and this film is no exception. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts out well, but gets progressively worse until the last third. I felt like the director tried to portray this movie in a very, very fake, very pretentious manner. I really hope he got the sense of humor of real people because it would have been great.  The whole movie reminds me of the movie Blow Out Your Veneer, and that movie blew out your veneer in a bad way. The movie is about a guy who works in an office and his boss, who gets up and comes down to the office and says, "Hey, I need you back for work."   After he returns from work he starts to work. He's a computer expert. He goes home and his life is empty.   It's obvious he's not happy. The last person he meets is his co-worker who is getting a massage. When they start talking, he's still talking about his work and he's happy.  So, this movie is OK, but not that bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The script is really, really bad. The actors really suck. The director is really bad, and he is very easy to understand. The plot is bad, the acting is bad and the story is not at all good. I can watch a lot of bad movies with a lot less effort and less time, and this one is a joke.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   There is absolutely no story here. The acting is terrible, the script is terrible and the script has no real message. It is really very sad. I have never seen such bad acting in my life. The story is very stupid, the cast is very boring and it is full of all the stereotypes from "Animal House" (e.g. "Werewolf Girl" meets "Boomerang").  If I ever needed a good laugh, this would be it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit, I never really liked this film, but if you want to see a good, funny and utterly stupid movie with a few good jokes, then watch this. It's really not too bad, but not a bad film, not that good, but it was definitely not bad at all. It has some good jokes and isn't very boring.  The acting was OK, especially the three main characters (Bobby, a red-haired biker, and Eddy, a lanky nerd) who don't really have anything to do.   My rate: 0/10 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I rented this movie because I like the sound of the movie, and the idea of this movie was interesting, but I thought the story was lame. It was strange how the characters were all one-dimensional, and I think the director ruined it for me.  The ending is stupid. The movie was a joke, the jokes were bad, and it was disappointing that it ended so abruptly. I am glad I stayed. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I don't understand how you can have the same type of characters and characters that are in other films and expect them to change in any way. The acting is bad, the plot is bad. The plot is the same. I mean... It's just a bad idea.  I have to say I don'nt see how the same can be good. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is so bad, I was really surprised at how bad it was. I was supposed to like it, but I really did not. This movie was so bad it didn't deserve to be called a horror movie. I mean, the first one was a decent horror movie, the second one was just... well... horror. The only good part of the movie was the ending and I thought that was very disappointing. If you like watching a scary movie, I recommend the third one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is an absolute disgrace. The story is very poor and the ending is totally pointless. It was an absolutely stupid movie.  It had all the emotions of a 3 year old child. The characters are all one-dimensional.  I'm sorry. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In an attempt to be faithful to the book, I read the book again this time around and I did a lot more research. I found that the book was pretty faithful to it's source, but I didn't really find any of the characters or their interactions with each other. In fact, the book is so much not at all, that I was angry at the end, wondering why the characters didn't interact like the book did. I also find that the movie was just an excuse to make the movie more boring. The movie had many plot twists and I think that's why it ended up being so long. I didn'nt like the movie that much, but after the first hour I still found it pretty dull. The last hour was just a bunch of stuff that didn't happen, and I didn´t like the fact that there were too many characters to keep track of. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is just about bad bad, bad, and boring. The film is filled with meaningless and clichéd plot, and I just couldn't finish watching it. The main story is about an Indian woman with a family who wants to get a little peace and quiet. That plot has been done a hundred times before, but I've never seen that same movie before. The movie really isn't interesting, nor it makes sense.   I just saw it again, and decided to watch it again. I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is absolutely crap, bad, awful and just plain bad. I don't know how or why this movie got a rating of 4.2, when the rating was only.001.  I am surprised at how this movie ranks a rating for the entire movie. I found the entire thing a real bore.  This is possibly the worst movie I have ever seen, and it is the WORST movie I ever saw in my life. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, I am from England, so my summary is not going to be great. It was a bad film and I can see why the film was so bad.  The script is a big mess, I was watching it as soon as it started and I thought that it was bad. I was wrong. I found that the script was awful. The movie was very badly directed, it was very very poorly filmed, I have never seen such poor acting in a movie. I will admit that I had a good laugh when the first half of the movie started.  Second, I thought the main character was an idiot and I was not in that case. In fact, I don't think the main characters in the movie were all idiots, I think the director/producer was a very good person.  Third, I felt like it was the same old thing that a lot of the other reviewers are talking about, and I would agree with them, I didn't enjoy it at all.  Fourth, I could see the point of the story, and although I didn;t like the movie, I would still like to read the book.  Fifth, the story was very old. The acting was OK, the music was OK. The script was OK and the movie just didn't have the right feeling at all, and it didn't fit the story. The only thing that was really wrong with the movie is the music. It wasn't the best ever, and the soundtrack was very poor.  Sixth, the plot wasn't too original, and there was not too much in it to make me angry. I thought it was not that good.   Fifth and last, I had the impression that it had a very much to say about a story that I am not that knowledgeable about.  I also think that this movie is very boring. The cinematography was not bad. The story itself was too predictable and had very little character development. The ending made me angry for the writer and director.  This movie is not worth renting unless you want to waste money and time watching it. I give it a 1/10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought the first episode was a bit boring. Then the rest were OK, but nothing special. The plot was pretty weak and there were a few good moments, but overall, it wasn't a good movie.  My advice from the beginning is to skip this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you like the good old days of Scooby-Doo or Scooby Doo, you will like this movie. It's not even bad!  The plot is bad. The action is bad, and not fun, and you don't care about the characters. The only good things are the flashbacks that show the day the Scooby's are born and the day they die.   I'm glad I watched this movie, because it is the only movie I've seen that was better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, the story. There is nothing new. It has been said before, it is the usual movie. And yet, when I watched the movie I realized I was watching a movie that was the predictable "Worst movie of all time". It was really disappointing.  I really could not understand why it lasted so long. I am not a big fan of anime or special effects. But the movie wasn't good at all. It was way too long.  And then there is the story - well, this story really is just like the story in "The Simpsons". Except, it was not funny at all, and I did not like it. It had no special effects, and it was boring.   The acting was awful. I have never seen anything like it in the history of anime.  So, to conclude, the movie is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As far as i'm concerned, the movie is an incredibly low-budget affair. The actors are badly, badly cast, badly directed, poorly acted, badly filmed, badly acted, and, worst of all, just plain awful. The script is not funny. The plot is not interesting. The characters are so, i wonder if i should give up and watch some good, funny, interesting stand-up comedy, instead of this trash.  I just don't know how to get out of this movie, I mean, just my thoughts...  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The first hour of the movie is very dull, as a group of people are driving through the desert. The rest of the film, however, is nothing more than a confusing mess. I have no idea how the movie made it's way to Sundance.  I am a huge Drew Barrymore fan, and I can't imagine the movie got more boring after the first hour.   This movie is an embarrassment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I like "Gentleman Jim" movies and I have seen "The General" many times but I can't imagine anyone enjoying this film. I did enjoy it because I was annoyed with how many times I was insulted by the characters. There was not a single person in the entire movie who could act in the least bit like the character in "The Prodigy" who was both arrogant and played the part of the loser.  My favorite scene was the scene where the main character is making out with the girl who works at the diner with his girlfriend and her mother comes in to his table and starts giving him tips about a good movie: What a great scene. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is very, very, extremely boring. The movie has not a single interesting plot line, not even the beginning. The only interesting thing I could see was the very end of the movie.  The movie was, without a doubt, the worst movie I've ever seen.  I give the movie a 1 out of 10 for being interesting and boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only positive comment i can make about this movie, is because it has one or two good laughs. If you are like me and like watching bad movies, you'll like this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is, unfortunately, very much like a bunch of other recent horror movies with a good plot and a decent cast. In the old days, there were scary stories. This is scary because there is not one scary story in the whole movie. Even though there are scary moments, it's not scary in a good way. The movie tries to scare the audience by being a horror film, and this is the reason why the movie gets a 4. It is not scary to sit and watch a scary movie.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What really concerns this movie are the acting (especially from David Duchovney), direction (a bad joke from me, if I may), cinematography (this film is so bad I really wonder why people spent time making it), sound track (obnoxious, non-existent) and overall direction.  The plot is nothing to write home about, it's bad and stupid, and a big disappointment for those who have been warned about this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this film is a parody of a "so bad I had to see it to believe it was possible". It was made even worse by the acting and the direction. It's so bad I was wondering if the writer/director was serious when he made this film.  I actually enjoyed the first half of this movie. The last hour of the film was just horrible.  The acting was so bad it was good, I was hoping for something better.   I just don't know why this movie was even made. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This film is about the love of animals and the fear of losing them, and the stupidity of man and man that causes man to kill innocent animals.  I am sure that if there was any hesitation in producing this film, I would be in trouble with my government. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is nothing more than a sad, hopeless and predictable one. It's nothing special. It is a terrible movie that could only be made by a 15 year old kid with an imagination of "The Omen" or "The Exorcist", with the same plot, acting and production.   I am a real horror movie fanatic, and this is my opinion of the worst movie I've ever seen in my life.  This is the movie that should be relegated to the garbage bin, and should only be watched once for the sake of nostalgia. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The premise is pretty strange, but it ends with a bunch of people gathered together in a small, darkened room and are shot in the back with a dull bullet, then are found to be missing and presumed dead.  Strange and absolutely senseless.  The movie has no real message, is a waste of time, and is simply, very, very boring.   There is nothing worth seeing, and even worse, nothing worth saying, the movie is nothing more than a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This is possibly the worst film I've ever seen... I can't believe the reviewers have given it such a bad rating. They've seen the same film about 2-3 times, and rated it much lower than I had hoped... The only reason to watch this film, is to see how bad it is.  If you've ever wondered why the TV stations always seem to run reruns of old movies, you can now find out. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A woman's daughter is bullied by her mother to become a part of her mother's new hobby, which involves watching her mother paint pictures of a giant spider. She soon begins to realize that she can't stop this from happening, so she does everything in her power to stop this, even as she realizes what she has done and begins to cover her mother in spider web, which she then uses to try and stop the abuse. The movie is so bad, I nearly wet myself. I found myself physically sick by the movie, especially after the first quarter hour. The acting was so bad that I was sick and sick sick of it. The plot was so poor and was just terrible. I mean really really poor. The way the movie was written, and the way it was filmed was just horrible. I give this movie a 1/10 because of the fact that I am a horror movie lover, but also because it's one of the worst movies I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is a bit weak, and the film seems to be all about showing people's reactions to the events, but it's nothing more than that. The acting is bad, the directing is bad and the music is terrible. It's all about the music, nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I remember the first half of the movie, and it was not worth a second of my life. Then the ending came and I was left dumb. This movie was the biggest waste of time and money I've ever seen.  I'm glad I don't have to spend money to watch it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie is a failure.  I had to see the movie again, because I was waiting for something more.  The script is a pathetic one. There are only three words that can describe the movie: "bad acting, bad script, bad movie, bad, bad acting, horrible movie."  The characters are all boring. They don't have any special talents or interesting ideas. They are all stupid and boring.  If you like to see a movie that is interesting, watch the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I found this movie a disappointment to me and my expectations were high and low. I thought it would be great but was it worse than I expected. I would have to say that I expected something different. The ending seemed to be an OK movie and I am sure the director was having a good time. I don't know what happened to him.  The only good thing in the movie was that there were many close ups of a bad car with no background traffic and the scenery was very grainy. This movie really reminds me of the bad movies from the 80's and 90's.  I would say that this movie is the worst movie I have ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As it was written in the credits, this was a very poor attempt at a low budget movie, that just got me thinking. The movie was actually interesting as hell. I don't think I have seen any good movies with that much money. This just came out at a time when movies were getting so expensive and so few were being made.  I am so glad I spent my time seeing this.   I gave it a 1 because of how low it was. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is terrible. If you want to laugh at the stupid humor of this movie you'll be laughed at mercilessly. If this movie was funny you'll laugh at yourself and think "Wow. That was a joke. That's my life now."  If you have any kind of sense of humor, don't waste your time watching this movie. It will only get uglier if you waste it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is an incredibly bad movie. It is a mess. It has a plot. I've seen a lot of crappy movies. This one wasn't worth it.  It's the worst movie I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this film is basically: an older man becomes a doctor and saves a baby, but instead of the baby he saves an old woman.  It's a stupid, horrible, predictable story. The acting is bad and the directing is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is bad. It is worse than the worst movie ever. The only reason I gave this movie a rating was because I like watching bad movies with special effects.  The story is weak and uninteresting. The cinematography is poor. The story has no story.   The only funny parts were the acting. The script is horrible. The music is terrible. The plot is bad... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't think that it is possible that this movie is actually worth watching. I give it a 3 for the acting, but that's only because it was the worst movie I've ever seen. The movie was a waste of time, the special effects, costumes, everything was terrible, and the story was boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, let me say that I liked the movie... it was very disappointing... I thought that it was an alright movie. I have to admit that the story is weak and the movie was boring.   And last time I saw the movie it was OK... and it wasn't good... but I think that it's the same story with different actors...   So to conclude, if you liked the first two... I don't think you'll like the last one... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot of this film is about a cop (Ben) who goes to a hospital to be with his estranged wife. The two have an argument and Ben has to choose between going to his estranged father and going to see his family (who are now deceased). Ben chooses the latter.  Ben then gets a job as a psychic. While Ben is being tested for amnesia, he starts to have nightmares and hallucinations, causing Ben to have seizures. When he eventually gets his job, Ben gets a case of amnesia and starts to haunt people (including Ben's estranged wife and his brother-in-law).  The only thing that was missing was that this was a made-for-TV movie.   Ben's psychotic behavior is not good.  If you want a scary film, go ahead. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really can't understand why people don't like this film.  The fact that I can't enjoy the first 90 minutes of it makes me sick to my stomach, so I turned the DVD off.  I don't know what was the purpose of the movie. It was the most boring film I've ever seen, and I could even sit through it if I wanted to.   There was no real story, and no real message at all. The story of the title was a stupid one.  Maybe I didn't like the movie because it's a "B" movie, and maybe I didn;t, or,  don't think that this movie was an excellent one. The movie reminded me of the first movie I saw with my friends back when I was a kid. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As I am a real film buff I was looking forward to seeing a comedy about the rise of the US, but was quite surprised. The only real funny moment was a bad one. I mean come on, the guy who wrote the story for the movie was completely out of his mind.  This movie was so bad, I wanted to slap my mom for giving it to me. The characters were stupid, the plot was ridiculous and the jokes were lame.  If you were expecting a funny movie, then don't bother watching this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's been said many times before, and in many cases the comparison has been made between this and The Godfather is an insult to the man, but I find the comparison ridiculous and overblown.  The story is predictable and boring. There is a ridiculous chase scene where the main character (Dennis Quaid) is chasing after the bad guy (John Cusack) who has the idea to play God and gets chased by him. The chase itself is like nothing I have ever seen, but it is not the worst chase scene of all time.   This movie isn't a movie, it's a collection of scenes from other movies and some other sources that are supposed to make this movie better. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   First of all, this movie is just a very poor excuse to make another film, another sequel to a very bad movie that was bad enough to be released by MST3k and to have been shelved by Disney.  This time, the story focuses on the lives of a handful of children who were sick and had a terrible nightmare when their parents went out one night to get a good night's sleep.  So, the parents go out one day and leave the kids alone in the dark in the darkened house with no bed, no blanket, and no other light source.  Well, they go to the bedroom to get them some light and they see what they see: a very bright red glow, and a dark red glow.  Okay, but what are the kids doing in the house?  Well then the parents tell them that the light is on, they don't need to be awakened, and they can sleep there without fear of the red glow (the scary red glow is only the creepy sound of the house) but a red glow for the rest of the night is not enough.  Now, I understand, but the best part of this movie was the plot, but they are just the kids acting out the same story again. They are just going home, but there is no way the kids will do that if there is a flashlight in the bedroom.  I understand that this movie had a lot of budget and budget and just ended up missing something in the middle. So, what's the point?  Disney just doesn't do movies like this anymore. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  It is a bad rip off of the first part of the movie "The Naked Gun"   The movie is full of gun battles, suicides, rape, abuse, etc...  The only good parts are the parts where the main character is shot dead, which are the only scenes that actually make sense.  I watched the movie because I was looking for a good movie and I was surprised that there was one.  The acting is bad, the script is bad and the plot is bad.  My rating is 1/10 for bad movie and not really. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing more than I can say about this film than I already did. It is badly directed, poorly acted, and just seems to have been written by a fan of "Lord of the Rings" (as I read in the review) who was looking for something else to do with his life.  This film is nothing but a waste of time. It's nothing more, nothing more. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What this film was I am glad of. The characters are un-inspired and the direction is un-spectacular.   The characters were un-motivated and un-thrilled and did not act like people who are going through a crisis. The writing is poor, the acting is bad, and the plot is not even worth mentioning. The only good things I have seen were the cameo appearances of William H Macy and the lovely Toni Collette.  I was looking for something else, and was not disappointed, as I expected a lot.  It is sad that such talented people were involved in such a waste of time. I did like the music. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There is nothing good at all about this film. There is a scene where the main character is chasing after the heroine, and the chase is done very slowly.  The rest of the film is boring and pointless. The director doesn't bother to shoot the characters, but just let the chase continue.  All in all, I don't know if it is a vampire movie or not.  I guess this movie isn't good, so I'll just watch it, and I'll make a conclusion after that.    The plot is very very simple and nothing special. The movie is not scary, and has a very dull plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only way that I can find this film enjoyable is if one finds oneself suffering from insomnia.  The acting is the only thing that kept me watching. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has been watched 3 times. It is not even worth watching. There are 3 good scenes, and the plot is terrible. The movie is so boring and has nothing new.  It should be removed from IMDb. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The title should have been a little more descriptive. It was just "The Dead Code" without a little extra.  The acting was bad. The direction was poor.  It is one of those movies where you are left with a feeling that they have invested time into it. This is not that I feel that I have been "invested" with this movie. The feeling is that the director has made the whole movie about his feelings.  I am a huge fan of horror/sci-fi/noir/novels. It's a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I think the reason this movie was made was to capitalize on the success of "The Last Picture Show". A lot of the other shows were much better.  The only good thing about the whole movie was the last twenty minutes, but that's really all I can say about "The Next Best Thing".  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First off, it is pretty much the worst movie I have ever seen.  In fact, it wasn't bad at all, but it was bad enough to make me wanna throw something at my TV.  There is no storyline, no real story. It's boring, dull, not even funny. It makes the movie look like a bad horror movie with a few laughs.  I guess I'll give it a 3 out of 10 for the acting and a 1 for the special effects.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of my time and I am disgusted.  It is not interesting at all.   I cannot believe how many movies with the same name as this were made.  I do not know how many people like to see a movie with the title "Manny" and "The Mopster" in it.  If you like to laugh at a bad laugh, and you like old people who cannot understand a joke, this is not one to see. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It's the worst movie ever made. The story is really lame.  The acting is really bad.  There are some interesting characters.  All the characters are dumb and dumb.  I'm sorry for the actors who had to play. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I've seen this movie twice, I've only been to see it once.  The first time I saw it, I saw some of the scenes with the busker and I was shocked.  But this is a complete failure.  I had a bad sense of what the film was about. It wasn't a plot, it was more a collection of scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was awful. The only thing that kept me watching was the story of how it came to an end and how the ending is supposed to be shocking. The end was the only shocking ending that I could take my kids. The movie was boring. It is really that bad. I just wanted to see it was done. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have to admit that was the worst movie I've ever seen. I'd like to compare it to some other terrible movies and I can't.  I really don't know why I liked it, but the characters in the movie weren't very interesting, not at all.  The only good thing is that it was so incredibly boring. The movie has no personality.  It's a waste of time and a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the reviews for this movie but nothing more, so I can't see why anyone could. The movie is about a female doctor (Toni Collette) is working on a new cure for AIDS. The cure is a cocktail of heroin and a cocktail named "Vigilante". The doctor and his assistant (Kris Lansdell) are running the show. The doctor is on the run with his wife and daughter. The nurse (Kirsten Dunst) is the main reason to watch the movie. The main reason is because the movie is so terrible. I'm not sure if it's the acting, directing or the script that is so bad that it's not even funny. I can only assume it's because Toni Colle has such terrible luck with this movie, her movie is a major disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If this is your first time seeing this movie, you should see it in a theater to watch some funny. It's a dull movie and it should not take your time to see it. I watched it in about 2 hrs and I don't think I saw anything in the movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As for the title, it could have been the title of a B movie or it could be the title for the entire series.  But instead of the B movie it ended up being the main story of the series. I thought this was a very poor decision.   I would have liked it to end the way the other movies did. It wasn't until the next day that I knew I would never watch the next movie.  The only real story that was good was the first episode. It had many flashbacks to the beginning of the show and nothing special happened. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival and my thoughts were: "what are they thinking?" I was right. It was a terrible film.  The acting was bad, the script was bad and the whole thing.   I would not recommend this film to anyone, unless you like watching a comedy that is funny, is made by a team of 4 people and has no budget at all. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a bad ripoff of the original "Buddycat" series, which was far more entertaining than this ripoff.  The only reason I give this movie a rating is because of the cast, which I'm sure had a pretty good laugh track, but there's not much of it, so I guess my rating is right.  Overall, this movie is a stalker movie with a lot of bad acting, some good looking females, and some good acting. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had to go back to my trailer and start watching again. It was so irritating, I had nightmares of what could have possibly happened to the characters in the movie. It looked like the director was having a really bad hangover from his bad dreams.  The script was absolutely awful. The entire movie is about a group of idiots in a cemetery who try to kill each other by throwing rocks through their windows, and one lady tries to rape the other guys.  What the hell was that movie about??? The acting was so bad that you can't even see the movie anymore.  I'd recommend watching it just for the acting, the bad script, and the rape scenes. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  If you liked the original movie, this one will be right up your alley. If you like the remake, stay away from the remake. The remake is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film is one big insult to moviegoers. This film tries to be an action thriller but ends up being a waste of time. The acting is so bad I felt the movie needed to be shot in a couple of days to be funny. I laughed out loud at the end credits.  The plot was bad, the movie was terrible. It is very predictable, and very very weak.  It is really a waste, I don't understand why people think this is an enjoyable movie.  I really hope this movie never gets released. I am really looking forward to watching it once, but I do not expect much from this movie, so just please refrain from watching this. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you were hoping to see the first part of this movie, this is for you. I think you can make a decent movie about this movie without a great deal of effort. I have to give this movie a 2 only for how poorly it was done.  The movie starts off in an interesting way, but the movie becomes really dull as you go along.  It starts off promising, but I just saw a really bad movie.    This movie is really bad. It is really boring. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The main reason for this film is the plot line. If you are familiar with the series, you know the only reason to see this film, is if you like watching a horror movie.  Well, I wasn't expecting much, I was expecting an okay horror movie, and boy was I disappointed.    The only thing that could have saved this film was the acting. I mean the only other performances in the entire film are Chris Kattan (who has the role of Albert Munn) and Ben Davis (who also has the same role as Albert Munns).  So what were the actors like in this movie? Chris Katan, Ben Davis, and a few others. I guess I was just unlucky enough to see all the performances in this film.  Oh well, I guess that's the only thing I can't recommend this film for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a rip-off of "Fatal Attraction", and it's bad.  This is an all-out, bad movie about a bunch of loonies who are stalked by an invisible serial killer, who kills them off one by one, one by two, one after the other, one while leaving trails of blood on the victims' clothes and then, one of them gets raped by the killer, and then killed.  The looniest bit is when the killer is in the basement raping the victims, and the movie is shot in such a way that the sound is cut out.  If you are squeamish, stay away. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I really do not know what is this movie. It is an extremely bad movie with bad acting, bad directing and an extremely poor script. I mean really really, the entire movie could be considered a spoiler. If you want to watch a movie that is not a spoiler, watch this movie: the only good thing in this movie is if you are very, very drunk. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   What I saw in this movie was a bad rip-off of "The Shop Around the Corner" without actually being funny, and it was very, very lame. The whole thing was so fake that it was a joke.  The funny parts are a waste of time.  In conclusion, don't waste your time on this movie... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a failure of all imagination and I would have been more shocked if the writer/director hadn't shown a hint of a hint in this movie. This movie was nothing more than a stalker movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I'm a big fan of Jackass, as I am sure he has a lot of talent. In this movie, the plot was silly, and the acting was horrible. I laughed out loud a few times, and I was glad that the people who played it had a good time, and didn't have to waste any more time watching it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was nothing more than a pathetic joke.  It was bad enough.  The story is weak. The humor is stupid.  If you want to laugh, you'll do it in a third of the way through.   The movie is about an astronaut (Boris Karloff) that has to watch the "Planet of the Apes" to find out that he has been to the "Plan 9" in the past.  This is a really, really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I bought this DVD after seeing it highly ranked here.  What do I expect from this movie?  The main story is a bunch of old people trying to get some movie time on their own, which leads to a bunch more people wanting to watch their own movie, which makes the movie even more bad.  I mean really, a movie with this kind of rating is not going to win any awards.  Don't waste your time on this movie, even if you like it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story is weak and lacks depth. The acting is poor and the plot is too predictable.  In conclusion, this is a bad film. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The original title for this movie was 'The Deadly Vomit.' I found this movie to be so very very bad it was really really bad and I could not even finish watching it... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a joke, I mean it's not a parody of the real-life relationship between a real and a fictional person. The real life story was too much to take, and I guess the whole movie is just about how lame the characters are, and how much of their lives are like that.   If you like the movie, it's a joke. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film was extremely disappointing, the director doesn't make any real attempt to show the audience what he believes is a movie. In the beginning, it seems to be a pretty good film. It is very uneven, the cinematography is weak and the script is poorly written and all around boring. I was hoping something was going to happen in the middle and the action is great, and I was pleasantly surprised when it didn't. It could have been a good film if the cinematographer hadn't been so brave, and there is some nice action scenes, and the cinemas are good.  This movie wasn't bad, it was just awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of the movie is a horrible one, with bad jokes, stupid moments, and horrible cinematography. The characters are caricatures of various personalities, who are caricatured in the most pathetic way.  The script is bad, the story is stupid and boring, and it is bad acting and direction. The result is a movie which isn't good at all, and the movie itself is just plain bad.  Don't waste your time watching this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only real reason to see this movie is because of it's cast, the plot, and the way it was filmed. This movie really is an embarrassment.   If you want to see a good movie, watch the original, then see the sequel. The plot is no different, the only difference is the music, which is more reminiscent of the 80's than the new plot. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I have never seen the show and I really don't know why. The main reason is that they have no time to write their show anymore.  I've seen the episode where the first person said the name of the person that was on the bus that they picked up at the airport. It was the name I was going to pick up at my local bookstore. It would have been nice to see more of that and have the main characters in a more local setting.  The episode where all of the main character's say that they are getting married was the most boring and dull episode I've ever seen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First, let me say I am a big fan of Dabney... I found this to be one of his worst films and the only one I saw in the last few months was "The Big Lebowski" with John Lithgow... Now, to be honest, I like "Lebowski"... But it's not as bad as "Zabriskie Point" or "Dabney's World War 3."  Now, DabNEY should have just stuck with making movies that are funny in their own right... I think the majority of people are expecting a comedy-comedy with a lot of great humor... I guess it just fell to his luck because he got the right person.  This movie was a big disappointment... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   It is unfortunate that a story which starts with a plot which could have been quite interesting and exciting, ends with a story that is predictable.   I thought that this movie was nothing more than a collection of cliches that were recycled from other movies that had a similar plot.  I also think that this is the worst movie ever made. The acting was very poor, and the plot was predictable and stupid.  This movie is a disappointment. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The only thing that saves this movie is if it was released by M.E.I. in 1948 and not 1955, when the picture was first shown to the public. This movie should be withdrawn from public view. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are some great actors in this movie.  The main problem with the movie is the fact that it is a B movie with a PG rating.  I would have liked to see the movie with the same kind of PG rating as the film "Porno-Freud" (in this case, PG13).  It is really not a bad film, the actors are all good. The plot is not funny. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The movie starts well enough, the plot has been set, but it really takes off as the movie goes on. The script is too artificial and the dialog is corny and the pacing is so poor you can't even finish the movie. The film is just not well directed and you end up watching a lot of slow motion and zooms. The acting is all crap. The plot is so hackneyed you can hardly tell what's going on.  A lot of people don't like this film. They will complain that this is not "The Mother" that they love. This is "The Muth".  The whole movie is about a group of characters. The Muths are selfish and just don't bother to get involved in the story. The group has nothing to do with the Muth family, who is so selfish that you will question why they were even in the picture. The characters are just selfish jerks.  The film does not have any redeeming qualities. The actors are so wooden and have no personality to boast of, and that is the main reason why people may dislike this film, as they would have to admit to disliking the movie for what it is.   The Mutch family has to go. This movie is no "The Good Old Muth", which is the mother that is in the film. I was kind of disappointed with the movie, but if you look at the script, the direction, the acting, the cinematography and everything else, this movie is just a big waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The acting is awful. The plot is poorly developed. The pacing is very slow. The ending is stupid. The characters are all one-dimensional.  The special effects are very good. The story has no character development.   I would recommend skipping this movie unless you are really bored with a really bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only reason that this film was a bad waste of film was because it has been removed from the public eye. I've seen it since I've been watching movies and I can tell you that it is a bad film with bad acting and bad directing. The only thing that was funny was the sound track and the soundtrack.  I don't know why people hated it. If it was the soundtrack or the acting that made people hate it, it was because the soundtrack is so bad. The soundtrack was just awful.  This is a waste of a good movie and it is the only movie that I have seen that was a waste. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is a bad rip-off of the original movie, which is bad enough to ruin it for me.  This is the worst movie I've seen in my time, and I've been looking for the movie since it came out, and this was definitely the worst I've ever seen in a long time.   It is truly pathetic that a movie made such a poor attempt to rip off the original, and it is just not funny.  It was just a bad film, made for the hell of it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you see this movie with the same mentality as the movie "Porno" or "The Mother" - then you are really in for a surprise.  In a movie where the main character talks like a third grader, and there's no real plot - just another boring movie - you would expect that the director would be embarrassed to admit his masterpiece was an utter failure.   This is an insult to movie-making. The film is so poor that I was stunned. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  First of all, this movie is a big disappointment. The acting is awful. The plot is not interesting. I mean, if you don't think this movie was based on the actual life of a guy who went on a canoe trip with his family, you have no clue what you're doing. The only interesting thing is the acting. The movie could have been a great great documentary. It would have been great if the actors and director hadn't been so awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The idea that the main character is a female cyborg is a stupid idea.  This movie is not about cyborgs or a cyborg war. It is about the male cyborg that is killed by the female cybers.   This is not the only reason to see this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The story line of the film is based on the true story of two brothers - Al and Andre - who grew up in the slums of New York. One of the brothers (Al) is a hoodlum who has stolen 12 million from his boss (Andre). He gets away with the money and uses it to pay off the gangsters who have stolen it from his brother.  The other brother (Andre) is in prison for killing a cop during a drug deal. The two are now in the middle of a race to recover the stolen money and are being pursued by the police and by Al.   It's interesting to see how the two story lines are affected by the theft of the 12 million. If you just think of the movie as an "Al vs. Andre" scenario, then this movie is really awful. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I thought this movie was very poor at the end. If you enjoy watching an old movie, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the kind of movie that makes you wonder why did it take the time to make this?  The acting was bad.  The story was weak.  All in all, this movie is nothing more than a bad idea. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  What a horrible movie.  The premise sounds good but after watching it I'm amazed that it lasted as long as it did.  I think I've seen about half of the movie and that was mainly due to the cast.    The plot is extremely stupid. I just sat down and watched it. I mean the movie was so bad it was good.  So there are two possibilities.  1. The entire movie is made up by a 2 year old kid who is the main actor in the movie. He has no real talent at all.  2. The whole movie is a masterpiece of bad writing and bad directing.  3. The movie is good because the whole thing is a fraud. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot is set in a small American town in the American mid-east. There's a local sheriff (Dillon) who is on the case of the town's most popular member, an old woman (Cox) who keeps her own page on the local newspaper. The local sheriff is convinced the old woman is the reincarnation of the infamous witch who killed her family 30 years ago. The witch, now an old lady who is still bound by a black magic book, uses her powers to kill her own daughter.  It turns out the old lady is in her seventies and has been in a mental home for 30 years. She has all the witch powers and it kills her in three minutes. The sheriff, who is a mental health worker, calls for help and a doctor (the psychiatric assistant) is called to the scene. The old woman's head is bleeding from the witch's magic and is passed out from the scene to the hospital where the witch is being held.  The hospital staff are all mentally ill and can't handle the situation. The doctor tells them the old witch could take her place. The movie is a waste of time and the cast is a collection of minor celebrities that have been cast for the sake of a good movie.  This movie isn't a great movie. The cast are very poor, and the story is so weak I felt it had to be edited down. It was interesting to see how the film was supposed to be. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is like claiming an Elvis actor is going to be a good movie. It is a total waste of time.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I had heard a lot about the film and was looking forward to seeing it in the theatre. What I got was a bad film. The first 30 minutes were okay, the characters were okay and the plot was interesting. After that I was completely let down. I found myself laughing at the actors, the cinematography was bad and the writing was awful.  I would suggest people to steer clear. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I went to see this movie and after I got my money back I went home and changed the channel to HBO. So I thought wow... This movie is terrible.  The acting is awful, the plot is terrible, the writing is awful and it doesn't even look like an adult movie. I've never seen such bad acting in my life, the script is terrible and the story is nothing but a joke.   I'm giving this movie a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie to be awful. I've seen some pretty bad movies, but this is just bad.  The plot was terrible, and the acting was horrible.  It has all the clichés from the 80's, from bad 80's teen flicks to Lord of the G-Strings to The Goon.  My girlfriend and I were talking about this movie for the third time in a year. I still think the movie was a waste of money. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    I have seen a lot worse movies and have watched them all, I'm surprised how much this one ranks, the others are bad enough, this is below par.   It is unfortunate that a movie called 'Hobgoblins' has come out of a studio that used to be a movie studio, but has turned out to be nothing more than a bunch of kids who think that their favorite movie is 'HOBGIN', the studio that has a history of making horror movies.  And this is the kind of movie that makes children think that they can make a good horror flick with their friends and that they will be taken seriously. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    The movie starts well with the "dinosaur terror" ending. Then you get "Dinosaur Island" which is another pointless story of a man discovering his potential. It turns out to be a movie about how science has gotten to be the "big" factor in everything. And then you get this.  The whole movie is basically about a scientist that is killed by a pack of hungry dinosaurs. The scientist gets bitten by a T-Rex which he promptly gets attached to, and the T-rex eats the scientist. That's it. The movie ends with a T Rex killing the scientist for eating too much. And what a mess!  It's really not scary, it's boring, the plot is very, very silly and has no real meaning, and it's all about the T Rex. So, I think the movie is very bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I watched this film with my brother. It is a very bad film.   The actors are so bad. They talk with one another in such a bad way that I am amazed that the director/writer/producer made this movie.  My brother and I saw it with some friends, and we were astonished that this movie was made.  It was just a waste of time. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A lot of bad movie lovers think that this is the absolute worst movie ever made. I think it's a bad shame that this movie got a DVD release.  I would say that there are a few decent moments, but they are mainly due to the ridiculous editing and the awful script.  The story goes like this:  The first 20 minutes are the best part of the movie. The first half is more interesting and interesting, and the ending is not worth any more comment.   The second half has no real interest. There is some nice acting and some good music, but overall it's really not worth the £6. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst film I've ever seen. I have seen films that were this bad, I've seen bad movies. I think this was the worst movie I've EVER watched. I know nothing about boxing, or even boxing. I had to see this film for the third time and I could not even finish it. I've been watching this movie for the past 2 hours and I still cannot get my eyes off my keyboard.  If I'd stopped after the first 2/3, I'd have had a heart attack. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I saw this movie and decided to check it out, it was so bad, and so disappointing, that I nearly cried.   This movie was so horrible that I was actually mad at the ending. The acting was terrible, the movie was bad, the direction was bad. The story is so, that it would be a good movie if I could. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  As the title says, this is a really bad movie about a girl who is haunted by the death of her father, and she is haunted in turn by ghosts from the past that return to haunt her.  The cast for this film include the actors who played the girl's mother in "Rosemary's Baby" and the actors playing the girl in "American Gothic", "The Ghost Story", and "The House that Dripped Blood", among others.  If you want to see a good horror movie, a good one to rent, but don't expect too much. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The only way that this movie was a let down, was if it was one of those B movie that were just plain bad.  But, it was nothing compared to the rest of the crap I've ever seen.   There was a good scene with some of the actors walking around the house with nothing to do. The house was just a mess.  I just can't understand how they could make a movie like this. It's so bad, and I would have to watch it for myself to get the feeling of how bad this movie is.  And, in my opinion, they should have just left well enough alone and just focused on making a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a HUGE fan of horror/comedy. But this movie... this was really... terrible. I mean it was SO bad it was good! The acting was bad, and the plot was dumb! I mean come on... it was so BAD! And then it wasn't funny! I swear, the funniest part of the movie was the opening scene. If you want to see a good movie, go watch this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is a really bad movie. I don't think I would have expected it from a TV movie.  The actors are bad.  There is nothing special about the movie. It is nothing more than an average thriller movie with no real story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  A man comes into a house, sits down on a couch, looks at his reflection in a mirror, and goes to sleep.  When the man wakes up, he realizes that he is a prisoner. But he can't escape because the mirror is on the wall, and the reflection has the same face.  The man tries to escape again, and gets caught in the mirror.  This is an incredibly weak movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I don't know how I can come up with a comment that would be so scathing. I understand the people's point of view. They are trying to get a job. They want to live a happy life. This movie is not about that. This is about making fun of people who are living their dreams. I am not a psychologist, but I know I am supposed to take my feelings into account when I write a film like this one. The actors should be forced to read about psychology before making their film. I'm not in the least bit surprised by the fact that this movie was made in the first place. I watched it for about 45 minutes and it still didn't seem that bad to me.  The acting was poor. I just didn't feel like the actors had a grasp on what they were saying. It wasn't very believable at all.  I can't recommend this movie to anyone, I just hope that it helps them. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The first hour or so of the movie (which was billed as the beginning of the "real world") were interesting. The movie was slow, the camera was steady, the dialog was dull, and the actors all had an accent that wasn't even British. The characters were wooden, and their faces were so unsympathetic that it made it impossible to care what happened to them. The plot was weak, the lines were flat, and, when the movie ended, the ending felt like an afterthought.  Overall, I wouldn't recommend this movie. It's just not good enough, and it doesn't make up for it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The film opens with a bang bang. It is not just the story of a mad scientist (Richard Linklater) who has created a super serum that could change the very nature of living beings. It isn't even the story behind the creation of the super serum (Richard's sister Maryanne Miller (Darlanne Fluegel) has a cameo). The super serum is a mix of an old friend and a new evil.  The main problem is that the movie is all about Richard and Maryanne being on their best (and most probably only) days. It doesn't make a good story. It makes a bad story. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was a waste of time and I could have made a much better film. This movie had no story, just bad acting and a poor story line.  I just saw it again last night on the T.V channel. The acting is awful. The writing was bad and the plot is stupid.  The plot is bad.   If you want to see a good movie this is not it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie has all the trappings of a modern horror film with its predictable plot line, a predictable and predictable ending and worst of all... predictable cinematography... The only thing that saves this movie is the good cinematography. The good cinematograpy is good in this case, but the good directors and cinematographers (I guess that's what they were alluding to in this movie) did masterfully recreate the same scenes, all the actors talk the same and all the scenes are shot in the same place. The movie is, as I said before, a waste of money. If you like to watch horror movies, go for the thrills, not watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is the most incoherent, ill-conceived and bad film I have ever seen. I mean, there are some nice shots and the editing is pretty good, but other than that, this is not worth even watching. I found myself staring dumb at the screen just thinking, "Did I miss something?" Well, yes, I did. But I think I did the same thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie was so bad I watched it with a friend on the DVD player and I thought I would have a good time. It turned out to be the worst movie I have ever seen.  The story is set in a middle east desert town in America. The story line is about a young girl who is kidnapped by a group of nomadic Persians and taken back to their home village by her father for safe keeping. The girl and her father are traveling through the area where her mother grew up. One day, they are stopped by a man who is driving a pickup truck. The man gives the girl a lift and takes her back to the village.   Once the girl is brought back to her village, she and her family are attacked by the nomadic tribe. The daughter has her head knocked off and is taken to the house of a local woman. The mother gets mad and blames the girl for the attack.  There is a lot of violence and gore and cannibalism and the cannibal father gets hung upside down in a tree. His legs are pulled out of the tree by the blood and guts of his daughter and the villagers run away. The cannibal mother is then decapitated and the head falls into the river. The villagers start killing the father and raping her daughter and then all of a sudden the mother comes back and takes the head out of her daughter's mouth and kills the girl. The blood falls on the father, and the severed head gets wrapped in plastic and put in a cardboard case.  Then the villagers start eating the head and start drinking their blood.  This is one of those movies where the people are killed and eaten by animals and the blood is used to make alcohol or paint a bridge.  If you like low budget horror movies, this is the movie for you. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  There are bad movies that have a few good things and this movie is no different.  The acting is so bad and the plot is so unclear I can't even watch it.  I do know what people are complaining about, the ending is so predictable and I don't understand why. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This is the worst movie I've seen. It's bad, the acting is bad and the whole movie is bad. I mean, just look at the title. It is bad like The Godfather.  It was horrible. The Godmother was very good. She had some good acting skills. The other characters are, well, boring. I give this movie a zero for the acting. The ending was stupid. The movie had no real plot.  I'm really surprised. I didn't laugh once.  If I was drunk, I would just watch the godmother laugh, because I have no idea what happened, and I don't think anyone would. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am not a big fan of Bollywood films, but I am very tolerant to them. I will watch a few of them and get bored, but it was just the kind of film I was shown, so I was expecting too much. It is a movie that really, really, has no redeeming qualities, just a boring and disappointing piece of junk.  I would like to know how many people, in their 40s, did this, and to me it is no more than 1 or 2. I am going to watch the next film in my collection, because that is all I can recommend. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The script for this movie is absolutely horrible and very poorly written. The only good thing I can say is that it isn't funny.  I found the movie to be very boring and not funny at all. It had too much unnecessary humor that I felt like it needed to add in.  The acting is bad, the acting is BAD, and the story is bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In the beginning, the two main characters are talking about their life in New York and their love for each other. In the middle, the film is about the love between the two friends and their own lives, but it goes downhill very quickly. The characters in this film have a lot of problems, and some of them are pretty serious. The main problem I have is that it's boring. There's no chemistry between the main characters, the comedy is too heavy-handed and not funny, and the direction is way too long. The last 10 minutes of the film were so slow and so un-funny, you could just see the film being a parody of the real life relationship of the two principals.   Overall, the only good things about this movie are the performances of Alison Eastwood and Christopher Walken. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie starts off well, with a nice premise. This movie is about a man's attempt to make a comeback after his life is up to its limit, and he has to rely on friends for help.   But when he and his friend make a pact, they find they have more in common than before.  The beginning is boring, and there are a few good looking shots of the two men in their room, and then you have a montage of shots of a car wrecking, and the aftermath.  Later on, there are scenes of the friend sitting in the driver's seat of the car, and we get to see him get hit by a brick, which apparently killed him.  This is probably the worst movie I have ever seen, and I would not recommend it to anyone unless you like watching a bad, bad movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie, we are presented with a few minutes of footage and then we are expected to believe that the entire movie is filmed in an Indian graveyard. The acting is awful and I found myself watching the video feed to get the plot. The plot is terrible.  
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The plot of this movie is absolutely stupid. In the movie the acting is terrible, the plot is stupid and there is absolutely no real logic behind this movie. The movie is really, really, just another movie.  I mean, come on, the acting was bad, the dialog was bad and the movie was stupid. And this movie didn't even entertain, it just ended the way it ended.  And the movie is even worse than the first movie. Even with all of the actors, it still sucked. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  In this movie we are treated to a terrible movie, but not good enough to save it from the low class that it is, but also not good at all. The special effects are OK, and the movie is very low budget. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is not very funny. The only funny part is the end credits. The other parts are boring. The story is very bad.  If you like comedy, this is not a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This film is awful. It's like I was watching a TV movie. It was bad.  I don't know what the people who gave this movie a 10 rated it for. I think I could have given it a zero.  The plot was bad, and the ending was so bad, I was crying and felt embarrassed for the director. The acting was so flat and I felt I couldn't even sit up. I could barely even move.  And I couldn'nt even enjoy the movie after I was done with it.  This is the movie that the people gave this a rating for. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The movie was pretty bad, but the last half was alright. So the acting was okay, but it could have been much better. The plot was bad, and the last 1/3 of the movie is not even worth mentioning. The movie is about the search for a missing child, and there are some good points to it.  If you like to see a good movie, watch this one. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie should be avoided. It is, without a doubt, one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I am not really sure why I watched it. The acting is terrible. The cinematography is bad. The direction is bad (as usual). The script is bad and the direction is poor.  The film is not interesting, and the characters are uninteresting and boring.  Don't waste your time with this movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   The plot is about a man who is killed by a crazed group of terrorists, and his subsequent search for revenge. This film is so bad it is good that I give it the lowest rating.  The acting is bad, the story is bad and there is no redeeming value whatsoever. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I found this movie so utterly terrible I had to get the video camera out to show it to my friends. They saw it in the hotel and they said "WOW! A video game!" So I said "OK, I'll take it back. It's really really not a video game. It looks like a really bad, crappy movie." My friend said "Wait, is this the video game?" My friend says "Sure it is. It sucks!" My friend is so angry he's shaking and saying "I'm gonna kill myself!" My friends just kept staring at the screen. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that was good about this movie is how bad it was.   I watched this movie because my girlfriend wanted to see a good movie.  So we started watching it...and we didn't even know what was going on.  The movie was not good at all, it was not interesting.  It wasn't that entertaining. The acting was bad, the direction was good, and the plot was completely unbelievable.  There are good movies, but this one...wow... 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I am a male, and I like female comedies. I saw this film, and could only like it because it was the only movie I had seen in the last year. I had to think I would get my eyes opened. I was so bored I wanted to throw up. The whole film was a joke. It was just not funny at all. I mean, it was bad acting. It is so badly written, the story is not funny. I have been a male in the past, and enjoyed seeing females in comedies, and this was no exception. I guess the only way to watch this film is if you like old people who like to laugh. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   I have seen this movie, and it was terrible. I mean, I didn't even bother to watch it, and I didn`t even get mad at it! It`s just that I didn´t care about it, because, you know, I`m a little fan of the guy who played the title character. And I didn¨¦t want to watch the movie until I saw the movie. The plot of the movie is a complete failure. The entire movie is an embarrassment. The acting is terrible, the movie was boring, and the ending is stupid.  The movie is the one bad movie you can watch with your friends and laugh your way through the whole thing. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   This movie is an example of the worst of all low budget movies. The acting is amateurish and the special effects are awful. I know that when I rented this movie it was a $13 rental and it was just a $4 movie movie. I am glad that I went to the movie with my roommate, that way I could have a laugh at the stupidity.  I think the best that this movie had in common with the other movie that I have ever seen was the fact that I am a huge fan of "Doctor Mordrid" and this movie made me think that I would have to go and see it. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just rented this movie for the hell of it. And, well, I can't even describe the plot line for it because I don't really know it. There is really nothing to describe the movie, and it could have been an hour and a half long movie. And I don;t care. The movie itself looked pretty good, and the only thing that was wrong with it was that the characters were boring and nothing special.  I gave it a 1 for being the worst movie I have ever seen in my life. And wow. I mean the movie was crap. It was not funny. It wasn't interesting. And it didn't even take a break at the end of the movie to make a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This movie is just an awful film, made by a group of 4 people. The acting is poor, the characters are not sympathetic, the plot is not realistic.  The only good movie in the last 10 years was "The Last Picture Show", and it was not even a good movie. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  This film isn't even terrible. It's just horrible.   My friend took the movie back to the video store and got all the songs and they were just awful. It took a while to get all the song titles, they had about 5 or 6 of them in the video and after that i was like oh my gosh i've gone to sleep.  The last hour and a half is so boring i could barely sit through it. The movie was so bad i gave it a 3 out of 10. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  The only thing that made me enjoy this movie is that the ending is just so bad. I just saw it and it was horrible.  The ending was so bad it was good I gave it a 1 for the acting and the plot was just boring. The only funny thing is that it was made in such a low budget.  I really do not recommend this movie to anyone. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:    This movie was horrible. I found myself wanting to leave the cinema to find another bad movie. It was painful.   The plot was weak.  The acting was terrible.  And then the special effects.  It made me wonder how they managed to use a CGI-3 to make something this bad. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I just got back from Hong Kong and I had to go and see this movie. The acting was awful, the script was not original and the plot was not realistic at all.  In my opinion, this movie is a waste of time and money. I don't know if it was the director or his agent who rented this movie for the rental market. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:   If you were to watch this movie on the low budget you would expect a great performance, but the movie is so bad that I gave it a rating of zero. I really hope that the producer gets the message. I would like to know what is his message. 
Write a negative review about a bad movie:  I read the other comments in the movie and decided to give the movie a shot, because the reviews had been so harsh.  So I went into it expecting a great cast, great acting, great special effects, great music, amazing special FX, great camera work and great everything else. Well I was wrong! I went in expecting an exciting, sexy and very erotic movie. The special FX were OK, the acting was good, and the movie was a let down.  This movie has nothing special about it except for the acting and the special FX. I'd say it was a mediocre movie.  The best parts were the ending and the credits.  My rating: 1/10 
